Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News BUYINS.NET: ROL, AEP, EME, TKR, BA, FNB Expected To Be Up Before Next Earnings Releases April 17, 2017 / M2 PRESSWIRE / BUYINS.NET / www.squeezetrigger.com is monitoring the performance of all stocks with earnings being released in the coming weeks and determining how the stocks have performed Before their last 12 quarterly, 6 quarterly and earnings reports. Rollins Inc. (NYSE:ROL), American Electric Power Company Inc. (NYSE:AEP), EMCOR Group Inc. (NYSE:EME), Timken Co. (NYSE:TKR), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), F.N.B. Corporation (NYSE:FNB) are all expected to be Up Before their earnings are released Friday. The movement of stock prices in the days and weeks leading to and following these earnings announcements may follow a predictable pattern. Most companies stock price histories show random or unpredictable movements around earnings dates. But some seem to repeat the same pattern quarter after quarter, year after year. The # of Reports in the table below shows how many previous quarterly reports comprise the indicator that predicts how a stock will act after its earnings are released. The specific technology used to make these predictions is available for a low monthly fee at http://www.squeezetrigger.com . The following stocks are expected to go Up Before earnings are released Friday: Symbol Company # of Reports Quarter Release Date ROL Rollins Inc. April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 AEP American Electric Power Company Inc. April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 EME EMCOR Group Inc. April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 TKR Timken Co. April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 BA The Boeing Company April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 FNB F.N.B. Corporation April Earnings Q1 04/14/2017 This technology is designed to help the stock trader identify those companies that seem to have a consistent pattern of movement before or after the earnings release date, based on the history of earnings releases for that company. It combines a calendar of expected earnings releases with a history of past earnings releases in a way that lets you see if a pattern exists. Rollins Inc. (NYSE:ROL) – Rollins, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides pest and termite control services to residential and commercial customers. Its pest control services include protection against termite damage, rodents, and insects to homes and businesses, including hotels, food service establishments, food manufacturers, retailers, and transportation companies. The company also provides pest management and sanitation services and products to the food and commodity industries; consulting services on border protection related to Australia s biosecurity program; and bird control and specialist services, as well as offers specialized services to mining, and oil and gas sectors. It serves clients directly, as well as through franchises operations in North America, Australia, Europe, Central America, the Caribbean, the Middle East, Asia, the Mediterranean, Africa, Canada, Australia, and Mexico. Rollins, Inc. was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.. American Electric Power Company Inc. (NYSE:AEP) – American Electric Power Company, Inc., a public utility holding company, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers in the United States. The company generates electricity using coal and lignite, natural gas, nuclear, hydroelectric, solar, wind, and other energy sources. It also supplies and markets electric power at wholesale to other electric utility companies, rural electric cooperatives, municipalities, and other market participants. The company owns, leases, or controls approximately 3,722 railcars, approximately 468 barges, 12 towboats, and a coal handling terminal with approximately 18 million tons of annual capacity. American Electric Power Company, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.. EMCOR Group Inc. (NYSE:EME) – EMCOR Group, Inc. provides electrical and mechanical construction, and facilities services in the United States. The company designs, integrates, installs, starts-up, operates, and maintains electric power transmission and distribution systems; premises electrical and lighting systems; process instrumentation in the refining, chemical process, food process, and mining industries; low-voltage, voice and data communications, fire protection, water and wastewater treatment, and controls and filtration systems; roadway and transit lighting and fiber-optic lines; heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration, and clean-room process ventilation systems; plumbing, processing, and piping systems; central plant heating and cooling systems; cranes and rigging; millwrighting; and steel fabrication, erection, and welding. It also offers building services to facilities, such as commercial and government site-based operations and maintenance; reception, security, and catering; outage services to utilities and industrial plants; military base operations support; mobile mechanical maintenance and services; floor care and janitorial; landscaping, lot sweeping, and snow removal; facilities and vendor management; call center; installation and support for building systems; technical consulting and diagnostics; small modification and retrofit; infrastructure and building projects; and program development, management, and maintenance services for energy systems. In addition, the company provides industrial services for refineries and petrochemical plants, such as on-site repair, maintenance, and service of heat exchangers, towers, vessels, and piping; design, manufacture, repair, and hydro blast cleaning of shell and tube heat exchangers and related equipment; refinery turnaround planning and engineering, specialty welding, and specialty technical services; and overhaul and maintenance of process units. The company was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut.. Timken Co. (NYSE:TKR) – The Timken Company engineers, manufactures, and markets bearings, transmissions, gearboxes, belts, chains, couplings, and related products worldwide. It operates through two segments, Mobile Industries and Process Industries. The Mobile Industries segment offers a portfolio of bearings, seals, lubrication devices, and systems, as well as power transmission components, engineered chains, augers, belts, and related products and maintenance services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and end users of off-highway equipment, such as agricultural, construction, mining, outdoor power equipment, and powersports markets; and on-highway vehicles, including passenger cars, light trucks, and medium- and heavy-duty trucks, as well as rail cars and locomotives. It also provides power transmission systems and flight-critical components for civil and military aircraft, which comprise bearings, helicopter transmission systems, rotor-head assemblies, turbine engine components, gears, and housings. This segment sells it parts through a network of authorized automotive and heavy-truck distributors to individual end users, equipment owners, operators, and maintenance shops. The Process Industries segment supplies industrial bearings and assemblies; power transmission components, including gears and gearboxes; and couplings, seals, lubricants, chains, belts, and related products and services to OEMs and end-users in various industries. It also supports aftermarket sales and service needs through its network of authorized industrial distributors; and offers repair and service for bearings and gearboxes, as well as electric motor rewind, repair, and services to end users. The Timken Company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in North Canton, Ohio.. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) – The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. It operates in five segments: Commercial Airplanes, Boeing Military Aircraft, Network & Space Systems, Global Services & Support, and Boeing Capital. The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces, and markets commercial jet aircraft for various passenger and cargo requirements; and provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. This segment also offers aviation services support, aircraft modifications, spare parts, training, maintenance documents, and technical advice to commercial and government customers. The Boeing Military Aircraft segment researches, develops, produces, and modifies manned and unmanned military aircraft, and weapons systems for global strike, vertical lift, and autonomous systems, as well as mobility, surveillance, and engagement. The Network & Space Systems segment researches, develops, produces, and modifies strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems, and space exploration products. The Global Services & Support segment provides integrated logistics services comprising supply chain management and engineering support; maintenance, modification, and upgrades for aircraft; and training systems and government services that include pilot and maintenance training. The Boeing Capital segment offers financing services and manages financing exposure for a portfolio of equipment under operating and finance leases, notes and other receivables, assets held for sale or re-lease, and investments. The company was founded in 1916 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.. F.N.B. Corporation (NYSE:FNB) – F.N.B. Corporation, a financial holding company, provides a range of financial services to consumers, corporations, governments, and small- to medium-sized businesses primarily in Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, and northern West Virginia. It operates through four segments: Community Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance, and Consumer Finance. The Community Banking segment offers commercial banking services, such as corporate banking, small business banking, investment real estate financing, asset based lending, and capital markets and lease financing; and consumer banking services consisting of deposit products, mortgage and consumer lending, and a suite of mobile and online banking services. The Wealth Management segment provides a range of personal and corporate fiduciary services, including the administration of decedent and trust estates; investment products and services; and investment programs comprising mutual funds, annuities, stocks, and bonds for individuals, corporations, and retirement funds, as well as community banking customers. The Insurance segment operates as a full-service insurance brokerage agency that offers commercial and personal insurance products through various carriers to businesses and individuals; acts as a reinsurer to underwrite credit life, and accident and health insurance products; and provides title insurance products. The Consumer Finance segment is primarily involved in making personal installment loans to individuals; and purchasing installment sales finance contracts from retail merchants. The company also offers mezzanine financing options for small-to medium-sized businesses; and new or used equipment commercial loans and leasing services. As of December 31, 2016, it had 324 community banking offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland, and West Virginia; and 77 consumer finance offices in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Tennessee, and Kentucky. F.N.B. Corporation was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.. About BUYINS.NET BUYINS.NET, http://www.buyins.net, monitors trading in all US stocks in real time and maintains massive databases of short sale and naked short sale time and sales data, short squeeze SqueezeTrigger prices, market-maker price movements, shareholder data, statistical data on earnings, sector correlation, seasonality, hedge fund trading strategies, comparable valuations. Reports include: REGULATORY & COMPLIANCE NEWS Friction Factor – Market maker surveillance system tracking Level II market makers in all stocks to determine Price Friction and compliance with new “Fair Market Making Requirements” Naked Shorts (RegSho) – Tracks EVERY failure to deliver in all US stocks and tracks all Threshold Security Lists daily for which stocks have naked shorts that are not in compliance with Regulation SHO INVESTMENTS & TRADING Earnings – Predicts probability, price move and length of move before and after all US stock earnings reports Seasonality – Predicts probability, price move and length of move based on exact time of year for all US stocks Group Correlation – Tracks sector rotation and stock correlation to its sector and predicts future moves in ALL sectors and industry groups SqueezeTrigger – Massive database that tracks EVERY short sale (not just total short interest) in all US stocks and calculates volume weighted price that a short squeeze will begin in each stock. Valuation – Tracks all known valuation models and applies them. GATS – Tracks and quantifies known trading strategies by backtesting, optimizing and running genetic algorithms and neural networks to ascertain best trading strategies. PatternScan – Automates tracking of every technical pattern and predicts next move in stocks. Insider – Tracks insiders trading records and determines trading performance. Trades by higher-level insiders are generally more predictive than trades by lower level insiders Events – Tracks patterns directly correlated to specific events. SqueezeTrigger is a registered trademark, Reg. No. 3,120,641 DISCLAIMER: BUYINS.NET is not a registered investment advisor and nothing contained in any materials should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. [symbol] has not approved the statements made in this release. Please read our report and visit our web site, http://www.buyins.net, for complete risks and disclosures. Contact: Tom Ronk, CEO BUYINS.NET tomronk@gmail.com 800-715-9999 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NimNik Enterprise Receives Positive Feedbacks on Their Garden Hose with Flow Control Knob in Amazon Next PostNext BUYINS.NET: AGEN, CWT, CPK, PFBX, CNBKA, MMAC Expected to Trade Higher After Bullish Insider Trading Search Recent Posts Global Pulmonary Endoscopy Devices Market Applications and Forecast to 2021 Livingston Locksmith – Best Locksmith Solutions for Complete Safety Do-It-Yourself Tips in Repairing Residential Locks by Maplewood Locksmith Moonachie Locksmith – Combined Safety and Security Morristown Locksmith: A Locksmith You Could Trust Proudly powered by WordPress
Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Boeing to layoff hundreds of US engineers by Anna Giaritelli | Apr 17, 2017, 8:59 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn Boeing said additional layoffs could come later this year. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Boeing Commercial Airplanes is expected to layoff hundreds of engineers in Washington state later this week with additional cuts coming later this year. In a letter sent to effected employees, Boeing's vice president of engineering, John Hamilton, said the global company is making the cuts in order to stay competitive, according to multiple reports. The Chicago-based company reported a 2016 revenue of $95 billion and currently employs 74,200 people. Over the past year, Boeing has terminated more than 9,000 employees, primarily through retirements and buyouts. Earlier this month, Boeing said it had agreed to sell $3 billion in airplanes to an Iranian airline, though President Trump could thwart the deal. Trump also negotiated with Boeing in the first few weeks of his administration and was able to cut the cost of two new Air Force One planes by more than $1 billion. Anna Giaritelli Air Travel Air Force One STEM Boeing Donald Trump Washington News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 5 hours ago Trump congratulates Turkey's president following referendum to expand powers 6 hours ago Boeing to layoff hundreds of US engineers 6 hours ago Tax Day: IRS red tape costs 797,000 years of labor 3 hours ago Conservative group prods Trump to withdraw from Paris climate deal 9 hours ago Don't believe the bad press about the Trump White House Easter Egg Roll 10 hours ago Ron Paul: N. Korea kept unstable 'on purpose' 11 hours ago Sean Spicer: China hasn't manipulated its currency since Trump took office 12 hours ago White House: Trump won't draw 'red lines' for North Korea 12 hours ago Trump's first White House Easter Egg Roll: PHOTOS 13 hours ago America lost? Chinese, Mexican, French millennials more likely to own homes 15 hours ago Melania Trump nudges president to put his hand over heart during National Anthem 17 hours ago Fire IRS chief John Koskinen 17 hours ago Fraud in Turkey's referendum means renewed violence is on its way 1 day ago Weekend wrap: Team Trump doesn't blink after failed North Korean missile launch 1 day ago Attorney argues Alex Jones 'playing a character' in child custody trial 1 day ago Dan Rather: Trump's missile barrage in Syria a convenient distraction from Russia About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Trump: ‘Runoff will be a win’ in Georgia special election Campaign — 3h 57m ago Pence to South Korea: ‘Our trade relationship is falling short’ International — 4h 31m ago Trump executive order to boost 'Buy American, Hire American' plan coming: report Administration — 4h 45m ago Arkansas AG to appeal stay of execution for man scheduled to die Monday State Watch — 5h 7m ago Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs News — 5h 9m ago Voting machines stolen ahead of Georgia special election: report Campaign — 5h 33m ago Trump to overhaul visa program for high-skilled workers Administration — 5h 55m ago Two new plaintiffs join lawsuit against Trump: report Administration — 6h 2m ago view all   Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs By Mark Hensch - 04/17/17 09:45 PM EDT 0   © Bloomberg/Getty Images Boeing says it will lay off “hundreds of engineering employees” in Washington state and other company sites on Friday. “We need to reduce our employment levels further,” John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, wrote Monday, according to The Seattle Times.  “We anticipate [Friday’s notices] will impact hundreds of engineering employees. Additional reductions in engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition.” Boeing reportedly offered a round of voluntary buyouts in January, an offer that was accepted by more than 300 engineering and technical staff and 1,500 members of the Machinists union. The Times said all the engineering staff who accepted the proposal will permanently leave Boeing Friday, along with roughly 1,000 of the machinists. Boeing has purportedly cut 1,332 engineering and technical jobs from its Washington workforce since January 2016. The Times added the aviation company issued an earlier round of layoffs in March resulting in 245 involuntary layoffs, including 62 engineering staff and 111 machinists, taking place in mid-May. The Washington Examiner said Boeing has terminated more than 9,000 employees over the past year, mainly through buyouts and retirements. The Chicago-based company currently employs 74.200 people, it added, and reported $95 billion in revenue last year. President Trump fiercely criticized Boeing during his transition period over the cost of its replacement Air Force One program, calling the price of two new 747s “out of control.” The president has since claimed he helped lowered the program’s costs after meeting with Boeing’s CEO earlier this year. Tags Boeing Business layoffs Jobs airplanes   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Democrats welcome Bernie takeover Democrats previously reticent to welcoming Sen. Bernie Sanders into their... 257 Shares 2 Voting machines stolen ahead of... The equipment was stolen last Saturday evening in Cobb County, Ga. 205 Shares 3 Nuclear anxiety grows with North... The president’s unpredictability has stoked fears about how the situation... 181 Shares 4 North Korea: ‘Thermonuclear war... A senior North Korean official added the U.S. has created "a dangerous... 181 Shares 5 Trump to overhaul visa program for... President Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday that aims to... 171 Shares 6 House Democrat introduces bill to... A House Democrat has introduced legislation to enhance the Constitution’s... 109 Shares 7 Gorsuch has busy first day at... The Supreme Court heard oral arguments with a full court for the first... 107 Shares 8 Spicer: Trump won't release taxes... White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that President Trump's 2016... 106 Shares 9 Oregon man dies 'peacefully' after... An Oregon man died peacefully after his ex-wife told him President Trump... 86 Shares 10 Sweeping change at DOJ under... Sessions has moved quickly to overhaul the policies and priorities set by... 84 Shares 11 Trump robocall attacks Dem in... President Trump recorded a robocall Monday calling on voters to help... 79 Shares 12 Alex Jones ‘playing a character,’... Infowars founder and host Alex Jones is “playing a character,” his lawyer... 66 Shares 13 Rasmussen calls itself most... The pollster is pointing to final results posted by RealClearPolitics. 66 Shares 14 White House: No 'red lines' on... The White House sought to cool public tensions with North Korea on Monday... 59 Shares 15 White House confirms Trump call... President Trump phoned Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Triumph Secures Follow-On Contract with Boeing for 787 Dreamliner BERWYN, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) was selected by Boeing to supply composite detail and assembly parts for the 787 Dreamliner. Under the contract, Triumph Precision Components – Composites Center of Excellence site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will produce and deliver composite details and assemblies for the 787 section 47/48 fuselage assembled in Charleston, South Carolina. “We are extremely pleased our team in Milledgeville has secured this work extension with Boeing for the 787,” said Phil Treadway, president of Triumph Precision Components – Composites operating company. “Winning this follow-on agreement with Boeing for composite parts for the Dreamliner demonstrates our ability to provide customers like Boeing with quality, performance and customer service they expect in a Tier 1 supplier.” Triumph will deliver shipsets directly to the Boeing South Carolina facility for integration into the aft body sections of the airplane. The Triumph Milledgeville site has been a supplier to Boeing South Carolina since 2009. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company’s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious General Informatics and Software & Services of LA join forces to create End-to-End Public-Safety Solution Next PostNext First Command Reports: Career Military Showing Heightened Interest in New Retirement Benefit Search Recent Posts Fuerte subida del 27,8% para ZTE en el primer trimestre BWX Technologies, Inc. to Webcast Discussion of its First Quarter 2017 Results AMNIOX Obtains Federal Supply Schedule Contract for NEOX® and CLARIX® Product Lines Cubic’s TeraLogics Introduces New Security and Compliance Application with Vaulted Industrial Electronic Engineers (IEE) Showcasing Line of Rugged Displays at Quad A Summit Proudly powered by WordPress
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Real change in gov't reorg?•NGA inroads w/ Silicon Valley•Closer look at Trump gov't innovation Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Boeing to issue layoff… Boeing to issue layoff notices to hundreds of employees By master and The Associated Press April 17, 2017 8:11 pm < a min read Share EVERETT, Wash. (AP) — Boeing will issue hundreds of layoff notices to engineers in Washington state this week. The Daily Herald reported Monday (https://goo.gl/BWosp) that a memo from the company’s vice president of engineering for Boeing Commercial Airplanes John Hamilton says the cuts are necessary to stay competitive. Hamilton also said in the memo that more cuts in engineering could come later this year. In just over the past year, Boeing Commercial Airplanes reduced its workforce by more than 9,000, mainly through buyouts and retirements. Read the latest on Donald Trump's first 100 days in office. Advertisement At the end of March, the division employed nearly 74,200 people, down from over 83,000 at the end of 2015. ___ Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldnet.com Topics: All News Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Boeing to issue layoff… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1961: Bay of Pigs invasion begins Fed Photo of the Day Trump White House embraces Easter tradition Top Stories They might not like OMB’s approach, but a third of feds support gov’t restructuring Top Story NASA’s chief cyber executive to leave Exclusive Little-noticed section of OMB’s reorg memo brings the real potential for change Reporter's Notebook Poor performers a heavy focus of OMB restructuring memo Workforce Navy bans vaping on ships, subs, aircraft Federal Headlines THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 17, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7354 0.0312 1.73% L 2020 25.1698 0.0779 2.91% L 2030 27.8831 0.1332 4.13% L 2040 29.9414 0.1674 4.73% L 2050 17.1259 0.1088 5.28% G Fund 15.2931 0.0040 0.59% F Fund 17.7638 -0.0132 0.93% C Fund 32.5844 0.2782 6.07% S Fund 42.4029 0.4520 4.57% I Fund 26.3666 0.1134 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories Editorial Cartoons April 16-22 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing plans hundreds of layoff notices for engineers this week Washington, but not Charleston, S.C., will lose employees in latest cuts By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times Published: April 17, 2017, 3:49 PM A   A SEATTLE — Job cuts at Boeing keep on coming. The company told staff in a memo Monday that “hundreds of Engineering employees” in Washington state and other company sites — but not in North Charleston, S.C. — will receive layoff notices Friday. This follows a round of voluntary buyouts Boeing offered in January. That proposal was accepted by more than 300 engineering staff and 1,500 members of the Machinists union. About 1,000 machinists who accepted that buyout offer will leave permanently on Friday. In late March, Boeing issued an earlier round of 245 involuntary layoffs, including 62 engineering staff and 111 machinists. Those also did not affect the Charleston site. Despite the earlier rounds of voluntary reductions and layoffs, plus further cuts through natural attrition, “we need to reduce our employment level further,” wrote John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, in Monday’s memo to the company’s engineers. Hamilton also indicated that there are likely more layoffs coming later this year. “We anticipate (Friday’s notices) will impact hundreds of Engineering employees,” Hamilton wrote. “Additional reductions in Engineering later this year w ill be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition.” Hamilton’s memo applies only to engineering staff. Bill Dugovich, spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace said the union is trying to get further information from the company about the planned layoffs. International Association of Machinists spokeswoman Connie Kelliher said that union has not been informed by the company of any imminent layoffs. Boeing cut almost 7,400 jobs in Washington state last year. Then in December, Boeing Vice Chairman Ray Conner and the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Kevin McAllister, issued a joint message to employees warning that “fewer sales opportunities and tough competition” would drive further cuts in 2017. That warning followed on the heels of a decision to cut 777 production in Everett from seven planes per month to five per month beginning in August. That move was forced by a continuing slump in widebody jet sales. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said Boeing South Carolina will not be hit by this round of layoffs. That manufacturing complex in North Charleston has cut 110 jobs this year through attrition, all achieved without involuntary layoffs. Boeing South Carolina’s current workforce of 7,455 is down 787 people from its peak last May. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Trump: ‘Runoff will be a win’ in Georgia special election Campaign — 3h 56m ago Pence to South Korea: ‘Our trade relationship is falling short’ International — 4h 30m ago Trump executive order to boost 'Buy American, Hire American' plan coming: report Administration — 4h 44m ago Arkansas AG to appeal stay of execution for man scheduled to die Monday State Watch — 5h 6m ago Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs News — 5h 8m ago Voting machines stolen ahead of Georgia special election: report Campaign — 5h 33m ago Trump to overhaul visa program for high-skilled workers Administration — 5h 54m ago Two new plaintiffs join lawsuit against Trump: report Administration — 6h 1m ago view all   Trump should work with Congress to kill the Export-Import Bank By Veronique de Rugy, Dan Holler, Andrew Roth, opinion contributors - 04/17/17 07:00 PM EDT 0   © Getty Images “We will continue to support Pemex,” a managing director at the Export-Import Bank told the Houston Chronicle in 2015. “They're one of our best and biggest borrowers.” Pemex is not a household name in America, but it is Mexico’s state-owned petroleum company. By some estimates, the scandal-plagued company accounts for 95 percent of Mexico’s oil production and nearly 40 percent of the government’s annual revenue. The company is 98th on Forbes’ Global 500 list yet during the Obama administration, the Export-Import Bank of the United States supported Pemex with $8.5 billion in loans backed by American taxpayers. ADVERTISEMENT When it comes to Ex-Im financing arrangements, subsidizing foreign, state-owned companies is not the exception but rather the norm. Between 2007 and 2013, the Export-Import Bank backed $3.4 billion in financing to Emirates Airlines for their purchase of Boeing planes. The company is, of course, a wholly owned by the government of Dubai. The list of foreign, state-owned companies benefiting from the Export-Import Bank is substantial, including: state-owned Air China; state-owned Ethiopian Airlines; Air Astana, of which Kazakhstan’s government controls 51-percent; state-owned Royal Air Maroc; and Turkish Airlines, of which is 49 percent controlled by a state-owned company.   The list of foreign, state-owned companies receiving American taxpayer backed financing goes on, but recipients have also made clear it is not necessary. A senior vice president for Emirates Airlines acknowledged the company “would not have trouble buying planes from Boeing” if the Ex-Im Bank were to be phased out. Thirteen months earlier, a managing director at Boeing told the Wall Street Journal that the aerospace giant “could find alternative funding sources for customers that wouldn't require it to boost its support of aircraft sales.” And while foreign airlines could do without, they have no reason to turn down cheap loans backed by American workers that give them a competitive advantage over U.S. domestic airlines like Delta or American. Although Boeing is the bank’s largest domestic client, Caterpillar’s use of the bank should not go unmentioned. Caterpillar used the Export-Import Bank to finance the sale of power-generating equipment to a Dutch company. But as the Washington Examiner’s Tim Carney observed, “Energyst Cat Rental Power only deals in Caterpillar, and it was formed by Caterpillar and Caterpillar dealers.”  Caterpillar was also involved in a $690 million financing arrangement for an Australian coal mine owned by Australia’s richest citizen. It prompted the Australian Financial Review to ask “Why are American taxpayers subsidizing a financial transaction involving an Australian billionaire’s iron ore project?” Then there is the curious case of $113 million in aid funneled to a massive Swiss company with obscure commodities trading operations in Stamford, Connecticut. Quoting a seasoned commodities trader, Ken Silverstein, author of The Secret World of Oil; explains China's manufacturing base "could not exist without Glencore, because it is dependent on raw material imports, many of which Glencore plays a major role in trading and producing.” Not bad for a company with 325 commodities traders in American and $233 billion in global revenue. Proponents of the Export-Import Bank waive off the U.S. taxpayer support of foreign, state-owned companies by proclaiming these awkward financial arrangements create jobs right here in America. If export financing did create jobs in America it would make a compelling component of an economic nationalist agenda, but that is just not the case. Exhibit A, from a 1981 Congressional Budget Office report: "Subsidized loans to exporters will increase employment in export industries, but this increase will occur at the expense of non-subsidized industries: the subsidy to one industry appears on other industries' books as increased costs and decreased profits." Exhibit B, from a 1994 Congressional Research Service report: "Subsidizing export financing merely shifts production among sectors within the economy, but does not add to the overall level of economic activity, and subsidizes foreign consumption at the expense of the domestic economy." Exhibit C, from a 2011 American Action Forum report: "Export financing merely redistributes jobs across the economy rather than create more overall jobs." It is noteworthy that AAF now supports the Export-Import Bank but makes no claim it will create new jobs in America. On Friday, President Trump announced his intention to nominate former representatives Scott GarrettScott GarrettTrump should work with Congress to kill the Export-Import Bank THE MEMO: Has Trump gone Washington? Trump picks critic of Ex-Im Bank to lead it MORE and Spencer Baucus to serve on Export-Import Bank’s board. The president’s commitment to creating jobs in America is laudable, but there is no evidence to suggest the Export-Import Bank plays any role in job creation. The only arguments for preserving the bank are made by those seeking “featherbedding” in the swamp. Rather than subsidizing foreign, state-owned companies, time would be much better spent pursuing policies that will actually make America great again. Veronique de Rugy (@VerodeRugy) is senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, Dan Holler (@DanHoller) is vice president at Heritage Action for America, and Andrew Roth (@AndyRoth) is vice president of government affairs at The Club for Growth. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Scott Garrett Veronique de Rugy Dan Holler Andrew Roth Ex-Im Bank Export-Import Bank   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Democrats welcome Bernie takeover Democrats previously reticent to welcoming Sen. Bernie Sanders into their... 257 Shares 2 Voting machines stolen ahead of... The equipment was stolen last Saturday evening in Cobb County, Ga. 205 Shares 3 Nuclear anxiety grows with North... The president’s unpredictability has stoked fears about how the situation... 181 Shares 4 North Korea: ‘Thermonuclear war... A senior North Korean official added the U.S. has created "a dangerous... 181 Shares 5 Trump to overhaul visa program for... President Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday that aims to... 171 Shares 6 House Democrat introduces bill to... A House Democrat has introduced legislation to enhance the Constitution’s... 109 Shares 7 Gorsuch has busy first day at... The Supreme Court heard oral arguments with a full court for the first... 107 Shares 8 Spicer: Trump won't release taxes... White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that President Trump's 2016... 106 Shares 9 Oregon man dies 'peacefully' after... An Oregon man died peacefully after his ex-wife told him President Trump... 86 Shares 10 Sweeping change at DOJ under... Sessions has moved quickly to overhaul the policies and priorities set by... 84 Shares 11 Trump robocall attacks Dem in... President Trump recorded a robocall Monday calling on voters to help... 79 Shares 12 Alex Jones ‘playing a character,’... Infowars founder and host Alex Jones is “playing a character,” his lawyer... 66 Shares 13 Rasmussen calls itself most... The pollster is pointing to final results posted by RealClearPolitics. 66 Shares 14 White House: No 'red lines' on... The White House sought to cool public tensions with North Korea on Monday... 59 Shares 15 White House confirms Trump call... President Trump phoned Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Lockheed Martin reveals radical SB>1 Defiant that would be the fastest helicopter in the world and replace the Blackhawk AND Apache Lockheed Martin revealed concept video for a combat helicopter  Could replace the AH-64 Apache attack helicopter and the UH-60 Blackhawk Craft tops out at 300 mph and is able to hover 6,000 feet in the air Defiant is much faster and carries more soldiers than the UH-60M Blackhawk By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:57 EDT, 17 April 2017 | Updated: 19:00 EDT, 17 April 2017 e-mail 9 shares 2 View comments It could be the end of the Blackhawk helicopter, but SB>1 Defiant is set to change the future of combat. Lockheed Martin has released a concept video showing a design in the Army's future Vertical Lift program that aims to replace the AH-64 Apache attack helicopter and the UH-60 Blackhawk. Dubbed SB>1 Defiant, the fly-by-wire concept, designed with two coaxial rotors and a pusher propeller, is said to speed through the air at nearly 300 mph and hover like a hummingbird. Scroll down for video  Dubbed SB>1 Defiant, the fly-by-wire concept, designed with two coaxial rotors and a pusher propeller, is said to speed through the air at nearly 300 mph and hover like a hummingbird SB1>DEFIANT FEATURES  The Defiant shown in the clip would cruise at 250 knots and hover at altitudes of 6,000 feet.  It has foldable, ridged composite rotor blades that create less downwash when it lowers to the ground to drop off or pick off soldiers and supplies.  Defiant is also designed to be efficient when transporting soldiers – the cabin seats 12 people comfortably or eight medivac pallets - the Blackhawk can only carry 11 soldiers. And there is weapon employments in all modes of flight. The concept craft is based on X2 Technology that was specifically designed for speed, maneuverability and scalability. 'The primary advantage that Defiant's going to offer over a traditional helicopter is, it's got twice the speed, two to three times the range, and is just an extremely maneuverable and agile platform,' said retired Marine Maj. Frank P. Conway, Boeing's experimental test pilot for both the SB>1 and the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor.  'Conway, who was a V-22 test pilot in the Marine Corps as well, flew me on a simulated ride in the SB>1.' 'He calls the Defiant 'a very hot, sexy aircraft.'  Defiant is currently being designed and built by Sikorsky-Boeing, a subsidiary of Lockheed Martin  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next New York set for radical rat birth control experiment in bid... The oddest crater on Mars: NASA reveals stunning new image... The horrifying five foot long shipworm revealed: Scientists... Mystery of the two tiny galaxies with supermassive black... Share this article Share The Defiant shown in the clip would cruise at 250 knots and hover at altitudes of 6,000 feet, David Szondy with New Atlas reported. This is more than a hundred miles an hour faster than the UH-60M Blackhawk transport, as it maxes out at 183 miles an hour. Defiant is currently being designed and built by Sikorsky-Boeing, a subsidiary of Lockheed Martin. The  craft shown in the clip would cruise at 250 knots and hover at altitudes of 6,000 feet It will also have the strength and power to carry more cargo than the average helicopters, but Lockheed is not giving all of its secrets away – it has yet to release the range and payload capacity. However, the firm is boasting about the machine's innovated design. The 'warcopter' would be equipped with foldable, ridged composite rotor blades that create less downwash when it lowers to the ground to drop off or pick off soldiers and supplies. The 'warcopter' would be equipped with foldable, ridged composite rotor blades that create less downwash when it lowers to the ground to drop off or pick off soldiers and supplies And the pusher propeller and active rudders will provider pilots with more stability when hovering, as a well a helping them quickly accelerate and decelerate while in flight. Defiant is designed to be more efficient when transporting soldiers – the cabin seats 12 people comfortably or eight medivac pallets - the Blackhawk can only carry 11 soldiers. And there is weapon employments in all modes of flight. Lockheed also shared that the Defiant can also 'dramatically reduced acoustic signature', which means it is much quieter than traditional helicopters and can go undetected by surrounding enemies. Lockheed Martin’s Sikorsky and the Boeing Co. are still fabricating parts for the first Defiant, which is their entrant in the Army-run Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstration (JMR TD) program.  It will also have the strength and power to carry more cargo than the average helicopters, but Lockheed is not giving all of its secrets away – it has yet to release the range and payload capacity   Read more: Lockheed Martin details Sikorsky-Boeing Future Vertical Lift concept Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC CONTENT: Man shoots dead senior citizen on Facebook Dramatic moment crocodile attacks baby elephant in front of tourists 'I just snapped': Facebook Live killer says he's murdered 13 people Simon Cowell presses the golden buzzer for BGT singer Sarah Melania nudges Donald to raise hand during national anthem Soldiers take part in military parade during Day of the Sun North Korea celebrates Day of the Sun with fireworks and dancing Shocking moment radio host attacks drunk comedian on show A kind truck driver gives dehydrated wolf some water Moment April the giraffe KICKS vet to protect her calf Pro-Trump demonstrator punches woman during brawl with 'AntiFA' Shopper knocked out during brawl in California Walmart Kim's Special Forces: North Korean despot unveils elite... 'They've taken her': Nanny who looked after Madeleine... My Big Fat Gypsy Funeral: Hundreds of travellers and a... Dramatic moment a crocodile clamps its jaws around an... FBI announces $50,000 reward in hunt for Facebook gunman:... Prince's secret life revealed: New documents show... A young prince in turmoil, who he turned to and who let... Five people dead as plane crashes 'on top of a lorry... China and Russia send intelligence-gathering vessels to... Melania nudges Donald Trump to remind him to place his... Horror as young man, 23, playing Judas in Easter passion... Why you SHOULDN'T Do It Yourself! Easter DIY fails reveal... FAMILY AFFAIR: Melania and Barron join President Trump at... Pictured: The killer sauna where a mother and daughter... Girl, 17, DIES after losing her leg during a shark attack... 'Well damn, I was not expecting that!' Final ever episode... How BGT's golden buzzer girl was groomed for stardom by... Is Meghan going to defy Pippa's 'no ring, no bring'... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 2 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The oddest crater on Mars: NASA reveals stunning new image of 'honeycomb' labyrinth - which alien hunters... Nasa captures first images of a 'worrying' new crack that has appeared on one of Greenland's largest... Build your own SEX ROBOT: AI app lets you create personalities for 'smart' silicone dolls that bond with... Dramatic moment a crocodile clamps its jaws around an elephant's trunk after leaping out of a watering hole... The horrifying five foot long shipworm revealed: Scientists finally capture weird creature that lives in a... The hunt for the DNA of JESUS: Scientists and religious scholars team up in groundbreaking project to try... Physicists create negative mass that accelerates BACKWARD when pushed that could help explain dark matter... The science of being IMMORAL: Researchers find our brain at first views acts as 'impossible' Mystery of the two tiny galaxies with supermassive black holes bigger than the one at the heart of the Milky... New York set for radical rat birth control experiment in bid to control rodent numbers Instagram addicts rejoice! Your favorite pics can now be saved in Pinterest-like 'collections' The AI that could warn you if your wife is having a bad day: System claims to be able to stop rows with... Why your clean house is BAD for your kids: Parents are desperate to protect their children from bacteria.... Is this the iPhone 8? Leaked images claim to show Apple's new handset New York City 'could force Uber to offer in-app tipping option' just like Lyft and yellow cabs as drivers... MORE HEADLINES Nasa captures first images of a 'worrying' new crack that has appeared on one of Greenland's largest glaciers No more embarrassing texts: WhatsApp could soon let you UNSEND messages within five minutes Google dismisses claims its new recruitment tool will let employers snoop on your ENTIRE search history The horrifying five foot long shipworm revealed: Scientists finally capture weird creature that lives in a 'tusk' hundreds of years after it was first described The Star Wars 'vaporator farms' that can pull water from desert air Build your own SEX ROBOT: AI app lets you create personalities for 'smart' silicone dolls that bond with humans The oddest crater on Mars: NASA reveals stunning new image of 'honeycomb' labyrinth - which alien hunters immediately claim is a hidden alien city Is this the iPhone 8? Leaked images claim to show Apple's new handset Physicists create negative mass that accelerates BACKWARD when pushed that could help explain dark matter and black holes The hunt for the DNA of JESUS: Scientists and religious scholars team up in groundbreaking project to try and find living descendents SpaceX reveals Hyperloop 'drag race' will take place in August to see how fast Elon Musk's radical transportation pods can go Step back into the 1980s with a collection of retro Macintosh programs you can use in your browser Why we peak at 25: Our ability to successfully ‘wing it’ by making random choices will never be stronger, researchers find Netflix stocks surge as streaming firm reveals it is on the verge of hitting 100 million subscribers NASA reveals Trump's plan to send a man around the moon on Orion may be delayed by 'technical and budget challenges' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today  Is that a Mask? Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend He is 55 Air Jordyn! Kylie Jenner and favorite sidekick Woods jet out from Coachella on private plane They had just enjoyed a weekend of partying  He's got a man bun! Jessica Biel shows off her hipster son Silas during stylish stroll through New York City The mother-son duo were in the Big Apple Picture perfect family: Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos wear matching pink for sweet Easter outing with their kids Attended church service A young prince in turmoil, who he turned to and who let him down: The Mail's Royal expert RICHARD KAY has the inside story on Prince Harry's 'total chaos' after his mother's death Family getaway! David Beckham holds hands with Harper as he takes his kids for a flight out of LA for Victoria's birthday The ex pro footballer was seen with his four kids 'My body fat is higher than ever... So is my happiness': Fitness guru who was bullied for her weight as a child flaunts her cellulite in a swimsuit  Bob Harper arrives at Broadway opening of Groundhog Day after recuperating from recent heart attack The Biggest Loser host is lucky to be alive Brad Pitt cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out ahead of filming new 'hostile' space movie Ad Astra  Angelina's ex has lost lot of weight since split Booty-ful and casual! Kim Kardashian shows off her backside in sweats and a T-shirt...from her kimoji line She enjoyed a family filled Easter  Keeping up with North! Kim Kardashian attempts to get her camera-shy daughter to pose for a pic and and dotes on Saint at Easter party Beaming Jennifer Garner celebrates 45th birthday with friends in Malibu days after filing for divorce from Ben Affleck Party time 'Obsessed with these undies!' Iskra Lawrence shows off her famed curves in barely-there nude thong with cleavage boosting bra  Looked sassy Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in smart blazer and matching LBD at premiere of Netflix dramedy Girlboss This Oscar winner is indeed her own girl boss 'Channeling Tinkerbell!' Julianne Hough wears sequined gown with top knot for Disney week at Dancing With The Stars The 28-year-old chose a shimmering dress Drew Barrymore looks gorgeous as she poses in black gown at star-studded Turtle Ball A cavalcade of showbiz figures paraded across the green carpet  Mike Shay says he has been 'labelled a druggie' due to Vanderpump Rules... and accuses ex Scheana of prolonging marriage to divorce him on camera The $20million love nest? Magazine claims Russell Crowe is 'making renovations to his Nana Glen ranch' for 'girlfriend' Terri Irwin Sprucing things up Bonding moment! Kelsey Grammer, 62, and son Jude, 12, wear spring colors at LA celebrity golf tournament Hitting the course Cool blonde: Naomi Watts is classically stylish in cream dress with Alice collar and flounce sleeves at screening in NYC A very feminine frock What a bag, lady! Sofia Vergara totes $3,800 embroidered Gucci purse as she makes a stunning exit from lunch in Beverly Hills Modern Family star  Animal attraction! Blac Chyna wears cheetah print tracksuit as she runs errands in Beverly Hills She stepped out in a head-to-toe animal print  Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix parties in the pool on $5M estate following smash Coachella performance Garrix recently defended his pal Justin  Melania nudges Donald Trump to remind him to place his hand on his heart during the National Anthem at the White House Easter Egg Roll Barron needed no help Pretty woman! Shanina Shaik channels Julia Roberts' classic movie character with leather biker hat and fishnet stockings at Coachella Festival season Prince's secret life revealed: New files show star's house was littered with pills, police found drug-laden bag and he was romancing ex-Voice singer  You beauty! Elsa Pataky unveiled as ambassador for L'Oréal Paris hair care in stunning new advertising campaign She is 40 Barefoot and (no longer) pregnant! Slim Amanda Seyfried kicks off her shoes for casual outing just weeks after welcoming daughter Who needs shoes! Ellen DeGeneres celebrates coming out anniversary with Oprah... 20 years after first revealing her sexuality on the icon's daytime talk show 'Family love': Jessica Simpson kisses husband Eric Johnson in heartwarming portrait of the clan They have two children together Olivia Munn shows off her fabulous figure on Cosmo cover... after split with Aaron Rodgers The celebrity couple had been together for three years Caitlyn Jenner reveals she will never have sex with a woman again - but says she may sleep with a man after her gender reassignment surgery Let's lose our stiff upper lips, says William: As Harry reveals his mental torment over Diana's death, his brother says he and Kate will bring up their children to talk openly  'Working on my tipping': Detroit Tigers star pitcher Justin Verlander pokes fun at reports he telegraphed pitches during loss to Cleveland Netflix releases dark teaser for the third and final season of its family drama Bloodline starring Sissy Spacek A sinister and haunting 37-second teaser  'I'll never be Steve!': Bindi Irwin and boyfriend Chandler Powell 'clashed on more than one occasion' as he 'struggles to cope' with filling her late father's shoes Forced to relive same performance! Groundhog Day star Andy Karl returns despite onstage knee injury for Broadway premiere of musical adaptation PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Eva Longoria shows off her flawless figure in a palm-print bathing suit as she yachts it up for husband José Bastón's birthday Goddess! Anne Hathaway shines as she sports flowing hair and voluminous off-the-shoulder gown Her cheeks were dusted with rosy blush  Meet The Stillers! Funny man Ben takes his wife Christine Taylor and daughter Ella to Groundhog Day opening night on Broadway The musical adaptation  Bye, bye! Allison Williams is casual in a sweater and jeans as she totes her luggage day after Girls finale Sunday was the series final of her HBO series Birthday girl Victoria Beckham is seranaded by adoring paparazzi while heading through LAX of her 42nd... as she turns the camera on photographers in hilarious video 'Andrew is 100 per cent smitten': Magazine makes bizarre claims Kylie Minogue, 48, has been 'quietly dating' Prince Andrew, 57 after splitting from fiance Joshua Sasse, 29 Meet the doctor dubbed the 'DOLL MAKER' who charges up to $800 to give women a perfectly plumped pout... and she puts spike in popularity down to Kylie Jenner Pensive Mel B wears cream and pink as she is pictured for the first time since it's claimed she is 'seeking help for emotional abuse' amid bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Ed Sheeran is set to follow in David Beckham's footsteps and reveal his favourite tunes as he kicks off new Desert Island Discs series Orange crush! Ashley Benson stands out in New York in bright citrus-colored satin suit and nude top The Pretty Little Liars actress Split! Kim Kardashian's close friend La La Anthony separates from NY Knicks basketball star husband Carmelo after seven years of marriage Did therapist's daughter Meghan help Harry to confront his pain? Speculation Prince spoke out on his mental health battles after finding happiness with his girlfriend Fadi Fawaz emerges from boyfriend George Michael's $6.2m mansion amid speculation the late singer's family want to evict him from London home Latched! Lena Dunham 'enjoyed wearing fake lactation nipples' for breastfeeding-themed Girls finale The final ever episode aired Sunday night  Lovely in layers! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen enjoy coffee break as they rock their unique oversized style The twins have re-invented themselves Breaking taboos - just like his mother: DR MAX PEMBERTON says Prince Harry's interview will have a massive impact on tackling the stigma associated with mental health issues SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Eugenie wins a promotion - despite all those holidays: Princess is made a director of London art gallery where she works Mental health charity which is official beneficiary of Sunday's London Marathon will get boost from Prince Harry's disclosure    He's been very frank Working it! Jennifer Hudson is spring ready in florals before changing into black as she does the talk show circuit She is 35 Hit Netflix show 13 Reasons Why accused of 'risky' suicide messages and is blamed for a 'growing number of calls' to teenage helplines  Spring is here! Jon Hamm suns his legs in shorts as he enjoys a stroll around his new neighborhood  Enjoying a stroll in Los Feliz Shirtless Chris Pratt reveals his impressive six-pack in Guardians of the Galaxy 2 teaser His shirtless ripped physique is setting temperatures rising 'He found all the eggs!' Wiz Khalifa shares heartwarming snaps of his Easter Sunday with son Sebastian at 'paradise' Airbnb before slaying at Coachella Bright Bella! Thorne cuts a colorful figure as she teams hot pink T-shirt with green hair Her Freeform show Famous In Love is set to debut on Tuesday Nick Viall shaves his beard ahead of DWTS Pinocchio routine and admits his new look is getting 'mixed reviews' 'I'm a wooden puppet boy, and it's full-on' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: The fabulous Fortes: Stunning daughters of the hotel tycoon share photo showing how their looks have passed down the generations Two tickets to paradise: Wendi Deng whisks boytoy off on tropical vacation to Tahiti and Mo'orea on Barry Diller's $200M yacht - so will they meet the Obamas? Sexy in silk! Ashley Graham flaunts her famous curves as she slips into a tiny black nightie for LA photo shoot The 29-year-old Vogue cover model  'My anaconda don't want none unless you got BUNS, hun': Poppy Delevingne shows off her stunning bikini body as she poses with pal for playful Coachella snap Charlie Hunnam flexes his muscle on outing with longtime love Morgana McNelis... after spilling details on his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage 'Maui days are the best days!': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa takes her two kids to Hawaii after 'split' from hockey star Nate Thompson 'He hasn't pranked me yet!' Simone Biles giggles as DWTS partner Sasha Farber scares her on Ellen's chatshow Speaking to Ellen Broadway has found its Anna and Elsa for their upcoming rendition of 'Frozen'  The upcoming stage adaption of the award-winning Disney film  Honeymoon time! Country star Sam Hunt and new bride Hannah Lee Fowler jet off after romantic wedding The vows and rings have been exchanged Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Christina Hendricks's nipped waist The Mad Men star's trademark curves Dating again? Carmen Electra, 44, is radiant as she hits another Coachella event with Tommy Lee who she romanced nearly 20 years ago 'Weekend escapes': Lara Bingle jets off to Mexico on private plane for a relaxing getaway... after FINALLY revealing name of her newborn son Love match: Tennis superstar Serena Williams gets swept off her feet by smitten fiance Alexis Ohanian as the pair have romantic trip to beach She's body confident! Demi Lovato bares her curves as she shares sultry swimsuit picture She's on a drive to promote body positivity Cool kicks! Take a cue from Kendall Jenner and Jasmine Tookes and shop FEMAIL's guide to cute yet inexpensive shoes to rock during festival season The $5,000 knee rejuvenator: Operation that cures saggy skin becomes the most sought after procedure in Hollywood  A new 'knickle' treatment is available Back in her lingerie! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in plunging white teddy as she shares behind-the-scenes look from photo shoot Reese Witherspoon looks radiant as she jets out of LAX after attending Coachella and helping Jennifer Garner celebrate her 45th birthday Pupils are not prepared for adult life, says Bear Grylls: Survival expert criticises schools for focusing on grades  He's a former SAS soldier  Chris Brown 'punches club's photographer in face'... after being paid to appear at the nightspot in Tampa, Florida More trouble for singer Woman who weighed 200LBS loses an impressive 80lbs in less than a year to become a bodybuilder - after a child called her a 'HIPPOPOTAMUS ' at a public swimming pool 'Brave little guy!': Leonardo DiCaprio's ex-girlfriend Kendal Schuler gives birth to her first child Ryka Lee 'on the bathroom floor at home' Why do so many celebrities carry TWO bags? It's because it gives them TWICE the opportunity to show off their wealth and impeccable taste! 'I love Delta!' Seal gushes about his The Voice co-star Goodrem amid ongoing romance rumours... after Boy George admitted British star 'fancies the pants off' her Jersey Shore star 'The Situation' pleads not guilty in latest tax fraud case: Reality star is accused of claiming a luxury car and clothing purchases as 'business expenses' Harry Styles wears a beatnik-inspired look as he meets up with pals in SoHo... as his first solo single debuts at number four on US Billboard chart (but with low sales) 'My sweetie!' Katie Holmes wraps arms around daughter Suri Cruise and enjoys a jet ski ride on Easter retreat Back to work! Honest Company co-founder Jessica Alba heads to Success Makers Summit in NYC after cutting short her Easter celebration in LA High fashion, or a high-priced knock-off? Balenciaga debuts $2,145 version of IKEA's classic blue tote bag - which retails for just 99 CENTS EXCLUSIVE: Yours for $3.4 million, the  mansion where Hugh Hefner edited Playboy from his rotating bed - and his Bunnies partied with the Rolling Stones A very busty Britney! Kate Upton reveals her cleavage in a plunging top to perform Spears' hit One More Time Shows off her sexiest moves  Passion in paradise! Heidi Klum, 43, cuddles boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic vacation in Costa Rica AGT judge could barely keep hands off beau Sean Spicer thinks it will be 'good' for SNL if Alec Baldwin drops his 'bad and mean' Trump - but says he slept through Melissa McCarthy's portrayal of himself Expanding their family! Friday Night Lights star Scott Porter reveals wife expecting second baby... after testing positive for Huntington's disease Jane Seymour, 66,  is almost unrecognizable in blonde wig and VERY sexy babydoll lingerie to play sex-crazed neighbor in comedy movie Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL rounds up the  best Coachella outfits posted to social media from stars like Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner and more Big bag theory! Casual Kaley Cuoco carries huge tote on outing with boyfriend Karl Cook  Kaley was also towered over by her beau as they went for dinner in LA Bikini malfunction! Ireland Baldwin falls out of her tiny swimsuit while sunbathing with friend  She gave beachgoers an eyeful 'This is what for better, for worse means': Kim Kardashian and Kanye West admit marriage is being put to test as cameras capture aftermath of breakdown Tickled pink! Hilary Duff wears over-the-top shiny frock while filming scenes for TV series Younger Former Disney star struck a youthful pose  Strike a pose! Madonna's adopted twins Esther and Stella playfully try on singer's wigs as they dress up in fairy outfits for sweet Instagram snap Mom's the word! Drew Barrymore is in her element as she picnics in Central Park with daughters Olive and Frankie Happy family outing Kate Hudson the boho babe goes braless in flowing frock with a plunging neckline on Easter Sunday Actress was going to a lunch party in LA 'Photo fail!' Kelly Osbourne and sister-in-law Lisa enjoy dip in pool in matching bikinis in Instagram snap... but fans are in hysterics over her 'baby arm' FIRST LOOK! Lady Gaga rocks out with Bradley Cooper in sneak peek of hotly anticipated remake of classic movie A Star Is Born Gaga went on Twitter Melissa Etheridge reveals she smokes weed every night with her wife - while they bathe to enhance their sexual desires - and she gets high with her kids EXCLUSIVE Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes rollerblading in Central Park as he prepares for 58th surgery... a $10,,000 eye color change in India Laughing off the breakup! Smiling Olivia Munn heads to Canada to resume filming on Predator two weeks after Aaron Rodgers split 'Three weeks left!' Pregnant Bristol Palin proudly shows off her growing baby bump in a tight dress, as sister Piper, 16, poses for prom photos in Alaska Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging leopard print bikini as she shares another sexy selfie from her Seychelles getaway David Letterman eulogizes beloved mom Dorothy and recalls her pie making and snake killing in moving speech at intimate memorial service 'We enjoy jungle sex!': Rapper Ice-T, 59, says he uses 'oil and figure skates' to 'accommodate' wife Coco Austin, 38, between the sheets Lottie Moss shows off enviably slender figure and washboard abs in skimpy black bikini as she tops up her tan in LA Kate Moss's sister snapped sexy selfie Tiffany Trump brings boyfriend Ross to celebrate Easter with president and family in Florida - while mom Marla Maples spends time in Rome with pals Keeping fit! Lara Trump shows off baby bump in a crop top while out on a morning run, before taking her beloved pet dogs to the White House Easter Egg Roll Take your pup to work day! Gigi Hadid carries Zayn Malik's French bulldog as she wears double denim on her way to meeting in New York City For the love of fashion! Katy Perry nearly drowns in high-necked dress for Vogue... as she reveals she's been seeing a therapist for five years 'Happy birthday my Spicy sister': Emma Bunton and Mel C share sweet throwback snaps as they pay tribute to Victoria Beckham on her 43rd birthday Harper Beckham sings Happy Birthday to her mother in heart-warming Instagram clip as she, David and Cruz pay tribute to Victoria on her 43rd 'I don't think I've ever been this happy': Hoda Kotb makes emotional return to Today after adopting as she admits she thought it was 'too late' to have kids The show must go on! Khloe Kardashian poses in her undies as it's announced Revenge Body has been picked up for a second season It's been ratings winner Is Meghan going to defy Pippa Middleton's 'no ring, no bring' wedding ban? Actress books time off from filming Suits at the time of Kate's sister's big day Just the two of us! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo hold hands on romantic lunch date without baby Dusty Rose Pair got chance to spend quality time together Braids and barrettes and bad brows, oh my! After HBO's Girls comes to an end, FEMAIL looks back on the beauty lessons we learned from the show 'I'm more sustainable with my fashion': Anne Hathaway models dress she bought for $15 at a flea market as she says buying vintage helps the planet Thanks Lady Gaga! Beyonce shows off her growing bump in white dress as she enjoys relaxed family time after cancelling appearance at Coachella  Justin Bieber in the clear over 'head-butting guest at a pre-Grammys party'... after police drop the investigation 'due to lack of cooperation from both parties' Terry Richardson shares snap of girlfriend Skinny and Martha Stewart posing with his VERY fussy twin sons as the unlikely friends spend Easter together  Body confident! Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio wears netted dress over bikini as she holds hands with beau Oliver Ripley at Coachella Original bottle from 1960s sitcom I Dream of Jeannie will go to auction - and it could fetch 'more than $100,000' Found i store window Lily Collins steps out as she reveals 'absolutely epic' message of encouragement from former First Lady Michelle Obama 'Happiest experience I've ever had on a film': Hollywood star Sam Neill fondly recalls working with late satirist John Clarke on movie that led to lifelong friendship Kendall Jenner 'attends Coachella pot party with A$AP Rocky' and shows her support by donning his goggles... as things heat up between the pair 'He's ready to move on': Ben Affleck has 'moved out of family home and is dating someone else' in the midst of divorce with Jennifer Garner Meghan Markle's make-up artist reveals the six products you need to steal the star's natural glow (and why she NEVER covers her freckles) Barbara Palvin flaunts her cleavage and enviably long legs in a plunging black swimsuit for sizzling snapshot  Sports Illustrated and Victoria's Secret model Touching moment Princess Eleonore of Belgium surprises her father King Philippe with a violin recital as they celebrate their birthdays one day apart Water great figure! Braless Jennifer Aniston flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she poses up a storm for drinks campaign Katy Perry flashes her flat stomach in a white side-split maxidress at Coachella... after ex Orlando Bloom was spotted cozying up to a mystery blonde 'Baking some buns': April Love Geary shows off her tanned derriere in a tiny bikini as she enjoys blissful break with boyfriend Robin Thicke in the Maldives Her breast move! Tove Lo flashes her chest in a crop top as she takes to the stage at Coachella alongside Wiz Khalifa Didn't disappoint the crowd 'I would love kids': Prince Harry is now taking his personal life seriously after mental health battle and reveals children with Meghan may not be far away Celebrities who have faced own battles with grief praise 'brave' Harry as charities say royal is helping to change attitudes towards mental health She's back! Ruby Rose will return for season five of Orange Is The New Black after using the Netflix drama to launch her Hollywood career  Magenta-haired Ariel Winter looks besotted with boyfriend Levi Meaden as they pack on the PDA during romantic evening at Coachella Cozying up in a corner 'The most offensive place!' Drake blasts his exclusive Coachella digs as he accuses staff of 'racial profiling' One of the most exclusive locations Tony Hawk's eight-year-old daughter proves she inherited her father's skills as he gives her a skateboarding lesson on their ramp at home 'Where's the diversity?' Victoria's Secret provokes fury with its annual 'sexiest' women list - made up of 'young, white and thin' stars Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson 'sentenced to 270 days in LA County jail and five years probation after stabbing a woman during argument in 2015 ' 'I was devastated': Jeff Varner describes 'ugly, knee-jerk' firing after outing Survivor contestant Zeke Smith He was booted from the island Sofia Richie shows off her toned abs in a white bikini top and red boiler suit as she enjoys Coachella day party  Lionel Richie's model daughter 'It was emotional': Lena Dunham explains why 'selfish' Hannah became a mother in Girls finale... and the story behind the baby's unusual name 'I think that's bulls***': Kandi Burruss rejects rekindling friendship with Phaedra Parks during RHOA reunion Kandi called her out during the reunion 'Still got it!' Victoria Beckham swoons over hunky husband David as she shares shirtless snap of the star showing off his soccer skills during family weekend Victory lap! Model Brittny Ward puckers up to Formula One racing driver boyfriend Jenson Button... before sharing a sizzling snap of her perky posterior 'Gratitude!' Katie Holmes hits the beach with football-tossing daughter Suri during Easter family vacation Enjoying quality time with her family Alessandra Ambrosio and her daughter Anja, eight, match in pretty lace dresses as the proud model mom watches her mini me perform at Coachella 'They're the three stooges!' Farrah Abraham lays into Teen Mom OG co-stars on Twitter Says she's brought more attention to the series Tyga who? Newly single Kylie Jenner flaunts bodacious behind in sheer black LBD as she hangs out with Travis Scott at Coachella bash That's how it's Dunn! Leggy Jourdan shows off her supermodel shape in two skimpy outfits as she parties up a storm at Coachella   Janet Jackson 'to reschedule 75 axed shows and pen album about motherhood' as she moves on after split from husband Wissam Al Mana Family reunion! Gwen Stefani leaves father's house alongside beau Blake Shelton after celebrating Easter with her kids  Quality time together 'She is a strong girl and she is resilient': Actress Samara Weaving is latest target of nude photo leak website as actress' father speaks out Charlie Hunnam says getting hitched to actress Katharine Towne at age 18 ended in three 'terrible, painful years' of marriage Not a happy ending Still got it! Supermodel Helena Christensen, 48, shows off sensational figure in array of plunging swimsuits for sizzling new shoot Former VS Angel Sixties style! Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her legs in retro crochet mini dress and cute pigtails as she dresses to impress for another day at Coachella Twinning! Margot Robbie and her actres pal Ashleigh Brewer wear the same outfit in a snap taken by Bella Heathcote at an Easter gathering  Beach bliss! Heidi Klum showcases incredible bikini body as she gives boyfriend Vito Schnabel a kiss during Costa Rican getaway Packed on the PDA Looking (Coach)Hella good! Rihanna flaunts her enviably lean legs in thigh high boots and quirky denim gown as she parties at music festival Desert stunner! Nicole Scherzinger wows in VERY revealing black crochet dress at Coachella Worn over a black bikini-style bra Golden touch! Ashley Graham shines in black mini dress with lustrous draping as she attends star-studded Coachella event Grecian style frock Happy Easter from the Wests! Kim Kardashian shares adorable family photo featuring Kanye and the kids Family definitely comes first for Kim Model Eleanor Calder sports denim hotpants alongside boyfriend Louis Tomlinson at Coachella... as they put LAX paparazzi scuffle behind them SPOILER ALERT: It's all over! Lena Dunham's Hannah Horvath welcomes baby boy Grover in Girls finale Came to an end in a memorable episode Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her trim bikini body at Coachella in a purple two-piece... after admitting to threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Olivia Palermo keeps it casual in a cream blouse and ripped skinny jeans as she gets her Easter caffeine fix   Fashion fan Cheeky! Ireland Baldwin shows off her sandy posterior and phenomenal figure in a skimpy thong bikini Gave her Instagram followers an eyeful Sweet Harper Beckham shows off her long Rapunzel locks as she joins her family at Victoria's birthday dinner in Malibu Family time Eye candy! Sofia Vergara rocks plunging pink dress as she and husband Joe Manganiello spoil guests with treats over Easter holiday 'Welcome to the world Bowie Rose!' Dane DeHaan shares first snaps of baby daughter on social media Married actress Anna Wood in 2012 Sheerly not? Singer Leona Lewis shows off her black lace bra in a see-through mesh top and tiny denim shorts as she soaks up the fun of Coachella 'I fear for my grandchildren': Dick Van Dyke criticizes the level of violence in modern cinema and the influence it has on the younger generation Hailey Baldwin shows off her lean legs and taut stomach in barely there cutoffs and cropped top at Coachella event She's never been shy about her body Liam Payne renting out $10m LA mansion with meditation teahouse, resort style pool and vineyard for $38k a month as he settles in England with Cheryl Not quite incognito! Rihanna masks herself in sheer diamond-encrusted bodysuit while partying it up at Coachella Unusual look Kim Kardashian does Easter! Real lambs, fluffy rabbits and TWO Easter bunnies (with Kanye West and John Legend in costume) Easter bash Cheers to that! Playful Kris Jenner wears bunny ears and a purple power suit as she downs champagne at Kim and Kanye's Easter party  'Her first Easter!': Rob Kardashian posts sweet Instagram snap of baby Dream dressed up adorably in a floral bonnet She is five months old From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Is this what Armageddon would look like? Terrifying archive footage from the 1950s shows mushroom clouds burst into the sky over Nevada and the Pacific Ocean during US nuclear tests 11 comments 3 videos Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +318 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing to Lay off Hundreds of Engineers © Sputnik/ Maksim Blinov Business 00:54 18.04.2017Get short URL 0 1321 0 0 Boeing Commercial Airplanes Vice President of Engineering John Hamilton said that the company is planning on another involuntary lay off of hundreds of engineers in the US State of Washington and other locations. © Boeing Boeing Pitches ‘Super’ Super Hornets to Replace F-35WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Aerospace giant Boeing is planning on another involuntary lay off of hundreds of engineers in the US State of Washington and other locations in an effort to match employment levels with business and market requirements, Boeing Commercial Airplanes Vice President of Engineering John Hamilton said in a statement. “We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations,” Hamilton said on Monday. “We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees.” Along with reducing non-labor and supply chain costs, Hamilton said Boeing is also working to match employment levels with business and market requirements. Notices will be issued on April 21, 2017 with a planned layoff date of June 23, 2017, Hamilton added, and the company needs to reduce its employment level further in order to meet their operating plan and additional challenges. In January and March 2017, Boeing offered a Voluntary Layoff (VLO) to select skills across the function, with several hundred engineering team members accepting the offers. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 0 0 Related: Fly Me to the Moon and Then to Mars, Boeing: Defense Firm Expands Space Plans Boeing Confirms Signing $3Bln Agreement Memorandum With Iranian Airline Boeing Wins $42Mln for Cryptography Used in US Combat Survival System Tags: layoffs, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:46Why Pristina is Covering Up Kosovo's Less-Than-Pristine Human Rights Record 09:18Beijing Insists Absence of Western Leaders at Silk Road Forum Isn't Political 08:37US National Security Adviser Discusses Anti-Terror Ties With Indian Counterpart 08:26Japanese Politician Calls for Dialogue With N Korea as Way to Resolve Tensions 07:52US Defense Firm to Provide Technical Support for Ship, Sub Signature SilencingAll news Three US Aircraft Carriers Directed Toward South Korean Shores 25277 What Kind of 'Major Advances' China's Third Aircraft Carrier May Feature 15816 Russian, Chinese Ships Tail USS Carl Vinson in East China Sea 14920 'Americans Keep Low Profile' in Syria After Russia Suspends Flight Safety Memo 13029 'Counter-Decision on Syria' Takes Shape Between Russia, US 9904All news Russian Pantsir Systems 'the Most Efficient Means' to Beat US-Made Tomahawks 54 Boris Johnson Urges Russia to Stop Supporting Bashar Assad 43 UK Parliament Members Call for Stripping Assad's Wife Asma of UK Citizenship 36 North Korea Attempts Missile Launch, but Fails - Reports 35 Three US Aircraft Carriers Directed Toward South Korean Shores 28All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Easter Celebration in Russia and Around the World Vested Interest US Missile Attack on Syrian Airbase News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business   President Donald Trump addresses a crowd during the debut event for the Dreamliner 787-10 at Boeing's South Carolina facilities on February 17, 2017 in North Charleston, South Carolina. (Photo: Sean Rayford/Getty Images)    Boeing To Layoff Hundreds Of US-Based Engineers Robert Donachie Finance and Health Care Reporter 5:09 PM 04/17/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5598620 Boeing Corporation plans to fire hundreds of U.S.-based engineers in 2017, with the possibility of eliminating even more jobs going forward, Bloomberg reports. The company announced a major shakeup in December when it said it planned to terminate at least 1,800 employees through a stream of voluntary buyouts in the Washington state area in 2017. The cutbacks were reportedly in response to weakening sales of its jets, among other factors. Boeing’s total revenue for 2016 fell to 94.57 billion, a 1.6 percent decrease from 2015. The company also slowed its output for two of its signature jetliners. In total, Boeing laid off nearly 7,400 people in Washington alone and dropped its total headcount by 7.6 percent in 2016. Company executives warn that further labor roll backs could be in order, depending on how sales rebound and the number of workers who voluntarily leave the firm. President Donald Trump took aim at Boeing repeatedly on the campaign trail, both for planning to move operations overseas and for planning to cut back on hiring U.S. workers. “Boeing is going to sell 300 jets to China, but as part of the deal, they’re going to set up a massive plant in a big section of China,” Trump said in a 2015 speech in South Carolina. “That will end up taking a tremendous number of jobs away from the United States.” The president slammed the company again in December for what he described as the “out of control” cost of its signature 747 that serves as Air Force One. Trump tweeted: “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” Facing a difficult marketplace, Boeing is cutting costs on the labor end to trim its overhead. The moves could be working, as shares of Boeing were up nearly 2 percent at market closing Monday afternoon. All of the proposed cutbacks were part of the plan outlined in its December, 2016, announcement, according to a Boeing statement released Monday. “In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements,” the company said in a statement. “Employment reductions, including managers and executives, will come through a combination of attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, a voluntary layoff program and in some cases, involuntary layoffs.” Follow Robert on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Boeing, Donald Trump Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Boeing will lay off hundreds of engineers as sales slow Print Email Bloomberg News By Bloomberg News The Oregonian on April 17, 2017 at 12:55 PM comments Boeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations -- and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesman, said Monday. Boeing employs more than 1,600 at its 87-acre site along Northeast Sandy Boulevard in Gresham. The company just announced a factory upgrade there and it's not clear what affect, if any, the pending job cuts will have on the Gresham site. Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on "our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees Monday. The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades. Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9 percent to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company's total headcount has shrunk 7.6 percent to 146,962 since March 2016. Alder wouldn't say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesman for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing's engineers, couldn't immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date. -- Bloomberg Video of the Day Nominate your company for a Top Workplaces award Most Read Business Briefing The top business headlines of the day delivered to your inbox. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Triumph Secures Follow-On Contract with Boeing for 787 Dreamliner BERWYN, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) was selected by Boeing to supply composite detail and assembly parts for the 787 Dreamliner. Under the contract, Triumph Precision Components – Composites Center of Excellence site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will produce and deliver composite details and assemblies for the 787 section 47/48 fuselage assembled in Charleston, South Carolina. “We are extremely pleased our team in Milledgeville has secured this work extension with Boeing for the 787,” said Phil Treadway, president of Triumph Precision Components – Composites operating company. “Winning this follow-on agreement with Boeing for composite parts for the Dreamliner demonstrates our ability to provide customers like Boeing with quality, performance and customer service they expect in a Tier 1 supplier.” Triumph will deliver shipsets directly to the Boeing South Carolina facility for integration into the aft body sections of the airplane. The Triumph Milledgeville site has been a supplier to Boeing South Carolina since 2009. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company’s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Long Business Systems, Inc. Explains The First Step to Continuous Improvement with ERP Software Next PostNext McEwen Mining Appoints Sylvain Guerard as Senior Vice President Exploration Search Recent Posts DMV Rapper Marc 2Ray’s “1915” Video Depicts The Armenian Genocide Increasing Adoption of Projector Screen Market to Grow at a CAGR of 16.13% During the Period 2017-2021 Global System on A Chip (SOC) Market 2017; Region Wise Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Global Logistics Market Accounting a Higher Growth by 2016 – 2024 Intravenous Ibuprofen Market Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure Proudly powered by WordPress
Triumph Secures Follow-On Contract with Boeing for 787 Dreamliner April 17, 2017 05:01 PM Eastern Daylight Time BERWYN, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) was selected by Boeing to supply composite detail and assembly parts for the 787 Dreamliner. Under the contract, Triumph Precision Components – Composites Center of Excellence site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will produce and deliver composite details and assemblies for the 787 section 47/48 fuselage assembled in Charleston, South Carolina. “We are extremely pleased our team in Milledgeville has secured this work extension with Boeing for the 787,” said Phil Treadway, president of Triumph Precision Components – Composites operating company. “Winning this follow-on agreement with Boeing for composite parts for the Dreamliner demonstrates our ability to provide customers like Boeing with quality, performance and customer service they expect in a Tier 1 supplier.” Triumph will deliver shipsets directly to the Boeing South Carolina facility for integration into the aft body sections of the airplane. The Triumph Milledgeville site has been a supplier to Boeing South Carolina since 2009. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company’s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com. Contacts Triumph Group, Inc. Michele Long Director – Communications 610-251-1000 mmlong@triumphgroup.com or Sheila G. Spagnolo Vice President – Tax & Investor Relations 610-251-1000 sspagnolo@triumphgroup.com Contacts Triumph Group, Inc. Michele Long Director – Communications 610-251-1000 mmlong@triumphgroup.com or Sheila G. Spagnolo Vice President – Tax & Investor Relations 610-251-1000 sspagnolo@triumphgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing to cut hundreds of engineering jobs News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing to cut hundreds of engineering jobs Boeing plans to cut hundreds of additional jobs in its civil aviation business due to slowing sales, a spokesman said on Monday. Posted 18 Apr 2017 04:54 At the start of the year, Boeing eliminated 305 engineering jobs and cut 1,500 mechanics as part of a voluntary programmes. (AFP/Jason Redmond) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Boeing plans to cut hundreds of additional jobs in its civil aviation business due to slowing sales, a spokesman said on Monday (Apr 17). "In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said. The downsizing will come through a mix of "attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, a voluntary layoff programme and in some cases, involuntary layoffs," he added. The cuts will take effect on Jun 23, and primarily affect production sites in the state of Washington, a person familiar with the situation said. Boeing is the biggest private employer in the Northwest US state, with more than 70,000 workers. At the start of the year, Boeing eliminated 305 engineering jobs and cut 1,500 mechanics as part of a voluntary programmes. Boeing plans additional job cuts later this year, a person close to the matter said. Boeing currently has 146,962 employees, down 7.6 percent from the year-ago level. Shares rose 1.7 per cent to US$178.65 in afternoon trading. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions 4/17 Updated Dear Moneyologist: Do you tip the guy who picks up your dead grandfather’s medical equipment? 4/17 Updated The scourge of digital guilt-tipping could soon be on its way to Uber Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Deep Dive Get email alerts U.S. defense stocks easily outperform the broader market By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 17, 2017 3:16 p.m. ET Share Trump is pushing for greater funding for the companies, whose weaponry has been on display in the news Raytheon, Reuters The Massive Ordinance Air Blast bomb, left, is made by Boeing Co., while Tomahawk cruise missiles are produced by Raytheon Co. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. military strikes top and center in the news, readers have been introduced to some of the most advanced and powerful weaponry built by aerospace and defense companies. Because of the complexity of government procurement processes, the use of certain missiles doesn’t necessarily mean the makers of those weapons will benefit from near-term increases in sales. But it’s helpful for investors to know which contractors have been most successful recently, and which are most favored by analysts. Tomahawk cruise missiles, manufactured by Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% were used against a Syrian airfield on April 6. The Massive Ordinance Air Blast (MOAB), or “mother of all bombs,” is made by Boeing Co. BA, +1.94%  and was used against Islamic State terrorists in Afghanistan last week. Raytheon is the fourth-largest U.S. defense contractor, with a market capitalization of $44.5 billion, while Boeing is the biggest player, with a market cap of $106.8 billion. There are 28 aerospace and defense companies in the S&P 1500 Composite Index, which comprises the large-cap S&P 500 SPX, +0.86% the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index MID, +1.17% and the S&P 500 Small-Cap 600 Index SML, +1.18% The industry’s stocks as a group are up 7% this year, with dividends reinvested, while the S&P 1500 is up 4%. Since Donald Trump was elected president Nov. 8, the aerospace and defense industry group has risen 15%, compared with 10% for the index. Trump has said he wishes to increase defense spending by 10%, or by $54 billion. It remains to be seen if the president will get his way, but the stock market tends to be forward-looking, and the recent action shows investors believe favorable times are ahead for defense contractors. Here are several sets of data showing which companies have excelled and which are favored most by Wall Street analysts. The Big Five There are five U.S. aerospace and defense companies with market caps over $40 billion — the Big Five. Here they are, in size order, along a comparison of total returns for their stocks, compared to the index: Company Ticker Total return - 2017 through April 13 Total return 2016 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 13% 11% 57% 174% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 7% 18% 90% 257% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 8% 28% 89% 205% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 7% 17% 69% 230% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 3% 25% 117% 342% S&P 1500 Index 4% 13% 36% 89% Source: FactSet The numbers are breathtaking, and the forward price-to-earnings ratios have risen by quite a bit over the past year: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% $175.62 $10.26 17.1 14.0 Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $268.00 $14.04 19.1 16.6 General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% $186.73 $10.54 17.7 13.4 Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% $151.75 $8.30 18.3 15.8 Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $240.20 $13.34 18.0 16.8 Source: FactSet In comparison, the S&P 1500 is trading for 16 times consensus 2018 EPS estimates. This chart shows the movement of forward P/E ratios for the big five aerospace/defense stocks over the past five years: FactSet You can see that, at times, the valuations have been even higher than they are now. Even though the rise in forward P/E valuations over the past year doesn’t necessarily mean the stocks won’t perform well, analysts have majority “buy” ratings for only two of the Big Five: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 48% 37% 15% $175.62 $178.86 2% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 45% 55% 0% $268.00 $280.22 5% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 43% 57% 0% $240.20 $255.56 6% Source: FactSet It’s clear that analysts don’t expect major excitement for the Big Five, at least overt the next 12 months. One more look at the Big Five — this time, increases in sales per share over the past 12 reported months, through April 13: Company Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Boeing Co. $147.78 $138.42 6.8% $94,571 $96,114 -1.6% Lockheed Martin Corp. $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% General Dynamics Corp. $101.09 $96.40 4.9% $31,353 $31,469 -0.4% Raytheon Co. $81.11 $76.22 6.4% $24,069 $23,247 3.5% Northrop Grumman Corp. $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,256 4.2% Source: FactSet We are showing both sales per share and raw revenue, because the per-share figures reflect any dilution (increase in the share count) that may take place if a company’s funds an acquisition with stock, or issues shares for any other reason. The per-share numbers also show the benefit of any decline in the share count from buybacks. The Big Five all have lowered their share counts through stock repurchases over the past 12 months, which has significantly boosted sales per share, and even changed negative to positive for Boeing Co. and General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16%   Ranking aerospace/defense stocks So now we will look at the entire group of 28 aerospace/defense stocks to rank them in various ways. Sales growth First, here are the 10 that have shown the greatest increases in sales per share over the past 12 months, as well as increases in sales in dollars: Company Ticker Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Axon Enterprise Inc. AAX, -0.35% $5.02 $3.62 38.5% $268 $198 35.6% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $35.00 $28.69 22.0% $6,038 $5,695 6.0% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% $58.56 $49.81 17.6% $3,284 $2,822 16.4% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $68.18 $59.16 15.2% $2,027 $1,812 11.8% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $50.68 $45.33 11.8% $1,731 $1,620 6.8% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV $29.05 $26.12 11.2% $2,933 $2,730 7.4% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,526 4.2% FLIR Systems Inc. FLIR, +0.54% $12.02 $11.08 8.5% $1,662 $1,557 6.7% ESCO Technologies Inc. ESE, -0.18% $22.55 $21.10 6.9% $585 $$550 6.4% Source: FactSet Once again, each company’s per-share figures have been boosted by buybacks. Cheapest stocks Here are the 10 S&P 1500 aerospace/defense stocks with the lowest forward P/E ratios: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% $25.00 $4.58 5.5 6.3 Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% $26.34 $2.25 11.7 13.2 KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% $44.52 $3.70 12.0 12.5 Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% $95.31 $6.71 14.2 13.8 AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $33.01 $2.27 14.6 12.4 Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $82.34 $5.57 14.8 15.2 B/E AerospaceInc. US:BEAV $63.48 $4.06 15.6 13.2 Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $84.15 $5.33 15.8 11.9 Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% $64.92 $4.05 16.0 11.9 Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% $96.63 $5.95 16.2 15.7 Source: FactSet While the Big Five have all seen their forward P/E valuations rise over the past year, four of the companies listed above have seen their valuations decline. So let’s see how analysts view them: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% 29% 50% 21% $25.00 $30.08 20% Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% 44% 50% 6% $82.34 $85.17 3% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV 0% 100% 0% $63.48 $62.00 -2% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% 44% 56% 0% $84.15 $95.86 14% Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% 20% 60% 20% $64.92 $64.75 0% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% Source: FactSet So half of the cheapest (by price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate ratios) have majority “buy” ratings. Most beloved on Wall Street Let’s take one last look at the data, this time showing all 12 aerospace/defense stocks that have majority “buy” ratings and ranking them by implied 12-month upside potential, based on consensus price targets: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Engility Holdings Inc. EGL, +3.61% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% Axon Enterprise Inc. AAXN, +0.18% 62% 38% 0% $22.04 $30.40 38% Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. AJRD, +1.98% 75% 25% 0% $21.20 $26.67 26% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% 63% 37% 0% $233.76 $283.41 21% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Cubic Corp. CUB, +1.84% 83% 17% 0% $48.80 $54.50 12% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% L3 Technologies Inc. LLL, +0.15% 56% 44% 0% $166.29 $179.08 8% Source: FactSet If you see a stock that interests you, it’s critical that do your own research to understand the company’s strategy and decide whether you believe it’s positioned for years of success. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them (even United) This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References RTN +1.49 +0.98% BA +3.40 +1.94% SPX +20.06 +0.86% MID +19.62 +1.17% SML +9.62 +1.18% LMT +1.88 +0.70% GD +2.16 +1.16% NOC +2.90 +1.21% AAX -2.74 -0.35% MSI +0.74 +0.90% TDG +5.47 +2.34% ESL +2.70 +3.21% AIR +0.45 +1.36% FLIR +0.19 +0.54% ESE -0.10 -0.18% TGI +0.50 +2.00% E +0.11 +0.35% KLXI +2.18 +4.90% OA +1.56 +1.64% MOG.A +0.95 +1.46% COL +0.95 +0.98% EGL +0.95 +3.61% AAXN +0.04 +0.18% AJRD +0.42 +1.98% CUB +0.90 +1.84% LLL +0.25 +0.15% Show all references Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.38% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.06% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.83% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.83% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 400 Mid Cap Index NYSE Glb Ind: MID 1,700.66 +19.62 (+1.17%) Volume 0 Open 1,684 High 1,701 Low 1,681 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P Small Cap 600 Index S&P Comp CME: SML 825.24 +9.62 (+1.18%) Volume 275.7M Open 817.99 High 825.44 Low 816.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B AEX All Share Index N Euxt CMI: AAX 781.19 -2.74 (-0.35%) Volume 0 Open 783.90 High 783.90 Low 779.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B : () Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Flir Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FLIR $35.16 +0.19 (+0.54%) Volume 367.2K Open $35.13 High $35.22 Low $34.93 P/E Ratio 28.82 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap 4.8B ESCO Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ESE $56.60 -0.10 (-0.18%) Volume 95310 Open $56.80 High $56.80 Low $56.00 P/E Ratio 30.93 Div Yield 0.57 Market Cap 1.5B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Engility Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EGL $27.29 +0.95 (+3.61%) Volume 116.4K Open $26.62 High $27.36 Low $26.38 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 968.6M Axon Enterprise Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAXN $22.08 +0.04 (+0.18%) Volume 687.3K Open $22.04 High $22.17 Low $21.95 P/E Ratio 69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AJRD $21.62 +0.42 (+1.98%) Volume 291.3K Open $21.36 High $21.65 Low $21.19 P/E Ratio 85.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Cubic Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CUB $49.70 +0.90 (+1.84%) Volume 105.5K Open $48.90 High $49.85 Low $48.90 P/E Ratio 306.03 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 1.3B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B L3 Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LLL $166.54 +0.25 (+0.15%) Volume 581.3K Open $166.54 High $167.03 Low $165.76 P/E Ratio 18.48 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.9B
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Boeing to cut hundreds of engineering jobs amid… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Guide to our site redesign 75 Best Places to Eat in OC Coachella 2017 North Park school shooting Last-minute tax tips NewsBusiness Boeing to cut hundreds of engineering jobs amid sales slowdown Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Boeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations — and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. By The Washington Post | PUBLISHED: April 17, 2017 at 12:16 pm | UPDATED: April 17, 2017 at 3:17 pm Boeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations — and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesman, said Monday. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on “our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees Monday. The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades. Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9 percent to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company’s total headcount has shrunk 7.6 percent to 146,962 since March 2016. Alder wouldn’t say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesman for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing’s engineers, couldn’t immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date. Last November, the company said it would shift more than 2,400 jobs out of its Huntington Beach facility over the next four years, slicing in half the number of workers at the sprawling campus. The aerospace giant said then that a nationwide streamlining of operations at the company’s Defense, Space & Security division would result in the transfer of 300 Huntington Beach jobs to its Seal Beach facility and 1,600 positions to its plants in Long Beach and El Segundo. Another 500 jobs will move to St. Louis. And an additional 400 will move to Huntsville, Ala., from Huntington Beach and other facilities around the country. Spokesman Todd Blecher said at the time the company expected about 500 jobs will be eliminated company-wide by 2020 as a result of the contraction. “Most would come from attrition,” he said. “Some people will decide they don’t want to move and will leave the company. Some number will be layoffs. All will receive separation assistance.” The Huntington Beach campus, spread across some 28 buildings on 178 acres, includes a design and research center focused on space access, networked systems, cybersecurity, unmanned underwater vehicles and advanced manufacturing, along with key programs in the highly classified Phantom Works program. RELATED: 100 years of Boeing: How Orange County played a role in aerospace firsts Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Man shot by police in Newport Beach after domestic violence call identified – Orange County Register Ducks erase three-goal deficit, stun Flames in overtime with 5-4 Game 3 win – Orange County Register Man arrested on suspicion of DUI after he’s found asleep in car inside Aliso Niguel High School – Orange County Register Motorcyclist dies in Lake Forest crash with car carrying 2-year-old girl – Orange County Register Irvine woman sues Albertsons after clerk wrongly assumes she’s on food stamps – Orange County Register Rents hit all-time highs amid job growth and low vacancy rates – Orange County Register Tags:  business Economy jobs local news Top Stories OCR The Washington Post View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business A guide to Orange County’s next food halls: TRADE, McFadden Public Market and Square Mixx Real estate briefly: Irvine Company buys 19-building Alton Plaza Rents hit all-time highs amid job growth and low vacancy rates Commercial real estate: A new lease is signed – now what? Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco de Chile (BCH) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact BlackBerry (BBRY) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Boeing (BA) Stock Price RingCentral (RNG) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact American Express Company (AXP) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Barclays PLC (BCS) Stock Price Build-A-Bear Workshop (BBW) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.30 American Research & Management Co. Has $1.698 Million Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) American Research & Management Co. Reduces Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Decreases Stake in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Lowers Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Raises Stake in Nucor Co. (NUE) -$0.17 EPS Expected for Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) This Quarter Brokerages Expect West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) to Post $0.55 EPS Iridium Communications (IRDM) Earns News Impact Score of 0.16 Brookfield Glbl Lstd Infrstrm Fd (INF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.03 First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds American Research & Management Co. Has $8.867 Million Position in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Americafirst Capital Management LLC Invests $548,000 in PNM Resources Inc (PNM) HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Position Increased by Americafirst Capital Management LLC Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Boeing (BA) Stock Price April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Boeing (NYSE:BA) has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Boeing earned a daily sentiment score of 0.24 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news articles about the aircraft producer an impact score of 78 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne’s scoring: Boeing to lay off “hundreds” of engineers – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow (feedproxy.google.com) UPDATE 1-Boeing to lay off hundreds more engineers -source (feeds.reuters.com) Boeing to Lay Off Hundreds More Engineers: Source (foxbusiness.com) Boeing plans more layoffs affecting hundreds of engineers: Source (cnbc.com) Shares of Boeing (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.73% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $178.65. The company had a trading volume of 1,546,944 shares. Boeing has a 12 month low of $122.35 and a 12 month high of $185.71. The company has a market capitalization of $109.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.48 and a beta of 1.08. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $178.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $158.37. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.60 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Boeing will post $9.34 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. BA has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Vetr downgraded Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Morgan Stanley downgraded Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Gabelli restated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $161.82. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-likely-to-impact-boeing-ba-stock-price.html. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search McDonald's reasserting its authority over franchisees A tour of Chicago's hottest new 'hood Parsing what's real and what isn't in the latest CPS emergency The challenge of our time: Turning people into voters Why United won't live down this screw-up anytime soon It already writes reports. Next it could help read them to you. Hacking the internet of really, really big things Chicago's trading muscle gets a boost from overseas Bad credit card loans begin to creep up at Discover Chicago business could win either way in 2018, so why are its leaders anxious? × McDonald's reasserting its authority over franchisees A tour of Chicago's hottest new 'hood Parsing what's real and what isn't in the latest CPS emergency The challenge of our time: Turning people into voters Why United won't live down this screw-up anytime soon It already writes reports. Next it could help read them to you. Hacking the internet of really, really big things Chicago's trading muscle gets a boost from overseas Bad credit card loans begin to creep up at Discover Chicago business could win either way in 2018, so why are its leaders anxious? × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics Andy Shaw City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Shaw on Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move April 17, 2017 Boeing laying off hundreds of engineers (Bloomberg) — Boeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineer... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News The Cyber Edge Acquisition & Contracting Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / DARPA Awards Funds for Undersea UAV Network  Boeing has been awarded a contract modification to continue supporting DARPA’s Hydra program, which seeks to develop a network of unmanned vehicles. Blog: DARPA Awards Funds for Undersea UAV Network April 17, 2017 The Boeing Co., Huntington Beach, California, has been awarded a $7,576,425 cost-plus-fixed-fee contract modification (P00003) for a within-scope change to a previously awarded contract (HR0011-16-C-0114) to provide continued support for a research project under the Hydra Phase 2 program. Fiscal 2017 research and development funds in the amount of $645,510 are being obligated at the time of award. Work will be performed in Huntington Beach, California (65 percent); Santa Fe Springs, California (7 percent); Anaheim, California (5 percent); Attleboro, Massachusetts (5 percent); Long Beach, California (5 percent); Placentia, California (2 percent); Huntsville, Alabama (1 percent); and Garden Grove, California (1 percent). Additionally, nine percent of the effort will be performed at multiple locations (each location under 1 percent of the effort). The contract has an estimated completion date of January 2019. The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, Arlington, Virginia, is the contracting activity.   Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Boeing DARPA HYDRA UAVs UUV Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 18 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Spirit AeroSystems, Boeing mark first 737 MAX 9 flight By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 17, 2017 Spirit AeroSystems Inc. (NYSE: SPR) and Boeing celebrated the first flight of the 737 MAX 9 Thursday when it took to the skies from Renton Field near Boeing´s 737 Final Assembly plant in Renton, Wash., the company said. Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. The 737 MAX 9 further strengthens the MAX family position in the single-aisle market and enables airlines to reach farther on almost every single-aisle route they operate today. Spirit is responsible for delivering about 70% of the 737 structure to Boeing and has been investing in upgrades to its historic Plant 2 and its Wichita facilities to support growing demand since 2014. Last year, Spirit opened a new 737 thrust reverser assembly area and delivered its first 737 thrust reverser with a composite inner wall. Spirit has more than doubled its 737 deliveries since it became a company in 2005. Spirit´s history with the program dates back to the 1960s, when the 737 Classic launched and the site was a Boeing facility. The company transitioned to work on the 737 Next Generation program beginning in 1996, and the evolution continues today. The 737 MAX 8 program is in production and on schedule to enter service later this year. Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds aerostructures for both commercial and defense customers. With headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, Spirit operates sites in the US, UK, France and Malaysia. The company´s core products include fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components for the world´s premier aircraft. Spirit AeroSystems focuses on affordable, innovative composite and aluminum manufacturing solutions to support customers around the globe. Related posts Granite Construction wins USD 59m sub-contract for international terminal project at LAX April 17, 2017 Granite Construction Incorporated (NYSE:GVA) has been awarded a USD 59m sub-contract by the Turner/PCL Joint... JetBlue to begin nonstop flights between Port-au-Prince, Orlando Flights April 17, 2017 JetBlue (NASDAQ:JBLU) will operate service between Port-au-Prince´s Toussaint Louverture International Airport (PAP) and Orlando International... Rockwell Collins acquires B/E Aerospace for USD 8.6bn April 17, 2017 Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE: COL) has successfully completed the acquisition of B/E Aerospace, a manufacturer... AIAA elects next President April 17, 2017 John S Langford, Chairman has been elected the next President for the American Institute of... WestJet reports March 2017 traffic increases April 17, 2017 WestJet has reported March 2017 revenue passenger miles (RPMs), or traffic, an increase of 8.7%... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Green Courte adds near-airport parking at 2 Texas airports Southwest Airlines Cargo earns industry award » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions 4/17 Updated Dear Moneyologist: Do you tip the guy who picks up your dead grandfather’s medical equipment? 4/17 Updated The scourge of digital guilt-tipping could soon be on its way to Uber Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Deep Dive Get email alerts U.S. defense stocks easily outperform the broader market By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 17, 2017 3:16 p.m. ET Share Trump is pushing for greater funding for the companies, whose weaponry has been on display in the news Raytheon, Reuters The Massive Ordinance Air Blast bomb, left, is made by Boeing Co., while Tomahawk cruise missiles are produced by Raytheon Co. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. military strikes top and center in the news, readers have been introduced to some of the most advanced and powerful weaponry built by aerospace and defense companies. Because of the complexity of government procurement processes, the use of certain missiles doesn’t necessarily mean the makers of those weapons will benefit from near-term increases in sales. But it’s helpful for investors to know which contractors have been most successful recently, and which are most favored by analysts. Tomahawk cruise missiles, manufactured by Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% were used against a Syrian airfield on April 6. The Massive Ordinance Air Blast (MOAB), or “mother of all bombs,” is made by Boeing Co. BA, +1.94%  and was used against Islamic State terrorists in Afghanistan last week. Raytheon is the fourth-largest U.S. defense contractor, with a market capitalization of $44.5 billion, while Boeing is the biggest player, with a market cap of $106.8 billion. There are 28 aerospace and defense companies in the S&P 1500 Composite Index, which comprises the large-cap S&P 500 SPX, +0.86% the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index MID, +1.17% and the S&P 500 Small-Cap 600 Index SML, +1.18% The industry’s stocks as a group are up 7% this year, with dividends reinvested, while the S&P 1500 is up 4%. Since Donald Trump was elected president Nov. 8, the aerospace and defense industry group has risen 15%, compared with 10% for the index. Trump has said he wishes to increase defense spending by 10%, or by $54 billion. It remains to be seen if the president will get his way, but the stock market tends to be forward-looking, and the recent action shows investors believe favorable times are ahead for defense contractors. Here are several sets of data showing which companies have excelled and which are favored most by Wall Street analysts. The Big Five There are five U.S. aerospace and defense companies with market caps over $40 billion — the Big Five. Here they are, in size order, along a comparison of total returns for their stocks, compared to the index: Company Ticker Total return - 2017 through April 13 Total return 2016 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 13% 11% 57% 174% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 7% 18% 90% 257% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 8% 28% 89% 205% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 7% 17% 69% 230% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 3% 25% 117% 342% S&P 1500 Index 4% 13% 36% 89% Source: FactSet The numbers are breathtaking, and the forward price-to-earnings ratios have risen by quite a bit over the past year: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% $175.62 $10.26 17.1 14.0 Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $268.00 $14.04 19.1 16.6 General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% $186.73 $10.54 17.7 13.4 Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% $151.75 $8.30 18.3 15.8 Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $240.20 $13.34 18.0 16.8 Source: FactSet In comparison, the S&P 1500 is trading for 16 times consensus 2018 EPS estimates. This chart shows the movement of forward P/E ratios for the big five aerospace/defense stocks over the past five years: FactSet You can see that, at times, the valuations have been even higher than they are now. Even though the rise in forward P/E valuations over the past year doesn’t necessarily mean the stocks won’t perform well, analysts have majority “buy” ratings for only two of the Big Five: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 48% 37% 15% $175.62 $178.86 2% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 45% 55% 0% $268.00 $280.22 5% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 43% 57% 0% $240.20 $255.56 6% Source: FactSet It’s clear that analysts don’t expect major excitement for the Big Five, at least overt the next 12 months. One more look at the Big Five — this time, increases in sales per share over the past 12 reported months, through April 13: Company Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Boeing Co. $147.78 $138.42 6.8% $94,571 $96,114 -1.6% Lockheed Martin Corp. $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% General Dynamics Corp. $101.09 $96.40 4.9% $31,353 $31,469 -0.4% Raytheon Co. $81.11 $76.22 6.4% $24,069 $23,247 3.5% Northrop Grumman Corp. $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,256 4.2% Source: FactSet We are showing both sales per share and raw revenue, because the per-share figures reflect any dilution (increase in the share count) that may take place if a company’s funds an acquisition with stock, or issues shares for any other reason. The per-share numbers also show the benefit of any decline in the share count from buybacks. The Big Five all have lowered their share counts through stock repurchases over the past 12 months, which has significantly boosted sales per share, and even changed negative to positive for Boeing Co. and General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16%   Ranking aerospace/defense stocks So now we will look at the entire group of 28 aerospace/defense stocks to rank them in various ways. Sales growth First, here are the 10 that have shown the greatest increases in sales per share over the past 12 months, as well as increases in sales in dollars: Company Ticker Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Axon Enterprise Inc. AAX, -0.35% $5.02 $3.62 38.5% $268 $198 35.6% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $35.00 $28.69 22.0% $6,038 $5,695 6.0% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% $58.56 $49.81 17.6% $3,284 $2,822 16.4% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $68.18 $59.16 15.2% $2,027 $1,812 11.8% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $50.68 $45.33 11.8% $1,731 $1,620 6.8% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV $29.05 $26.12 11.2% $2,933 $2,730 7.4% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,526 4.2% FLIR Systems Inc. FLIR, +0.54% $12.02 $11.08 8.5% $1,662 $1,557 6.7% ESCO Technologies Inc. ESE, -0.18% $22.55 $21.10 6.9% $585 $$550 6.4% Source: FactSet Once again, each company’s per-share figures have been boosted by buybacks. Cheapest stocks Here are the 10 S&P 1500 aerospace/defense stocks with the lowest forward P/E ratios: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% $25.00 $4.58 5.5 6.3 Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% $26.34 $2.25 11.7 13.2 KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% $44.52 $3.70 12.0 12.5 Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% $95.31 $6.71 14.2 13.8 AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $33.01 $2.27 14.6 12.4 Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $82.34 $5.57 14.8 15.2 B/E AerospaceInc. US:BEAV $63.48 $4.06 15.6 13.2 Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $84.15 $5.33 15.8 11.9 Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% $64.92 $4.05 16.0 11.9 Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% $96.63 $5.95 16.2 15.7 Source: FactSet While the Big Five have all seen their forward P/E valuations rise over the past year, four of the companies listed above have seen their valuations decline. So let’s see how analysts view them: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% 29% 50% 21% $25.00 $30.08 20% Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% 44% 50% 6% $82.34 $85.17 3% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV 0% 100% 0% $63.48 $62.00 -2% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% 44% 56% 0% $84.15 $95.86 14% Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% 20% 60% 20% $64.92 $64.75 0% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% Source: FactSet So half of the cheapest (by price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate ratios) have majority “buy” ratings. Most beloved on Wall Street Let’s take one last look at the data, this time showing all 12 aerospace/defense stocks that have majority “buy” ratings and ranking them by implied 12-month upside potential, based on consensus price targets: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Engility Holdings Inc. EGL, +3.61% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% Axon Enterprise Inc. AAXN, +0.18% 62% 38% 0% $22.04 $30.40 38% Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. AJRD, +1.98% 75% 25% 0% $21.20 $26.67 26% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% 63% 37% 0% $233.76 $283.41 21% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Cubic Corp. CUB, +1.84% 83% 17% 0% $48.80 $54.50 12% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% L3 Technologies Inc. LLL, +0.15% 56% 44% 0% $166.29 $179.08 8% Source: FactSet If you see a stock that interests you, it’s critical that do your own research to understand the company’s strategy and decide whether you believe it’s positioned for years of success. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them (even United) This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References RTN +1.49 +0.98% BA +3.40 +1.94% SPX +20.06 +0.86% MID +19.62 +1.17% SML +9.62 +1.18% LMT +1.88 +0.70% GD +2.16 +1.16% NOC +2.90 +1.21% AAX -2.74 -0.35% MSI +0.74 +0.90% TDG +5.47 +2.34% ESL +2.70 +3.21% AIR +0.45 +1.36% FLIR +0.19 +0.54% ESE -0.10 -0.18% TGI +0.50 +2.00% E +0.11 +0.35% KLXI +2.18 +4.90% OA +1.56 +1.64% MOG.A +0.95 +1.46% COL +0.95 +0.98% EGL +0.95 +3.61% AAXN +0.04 +0.18% AJRD +0.42 +1.98% CUB +0.90 +1.84% LLL +0.25 +0.15% Show all references Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.38% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.06% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.83% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.83% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 400 Mid Cap Index NYSE Glb Ind: MID 1,700.66 +19.62 (+1.17%) Volume 0 Open 1,684 High 1,701 Low 1,681 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P Small Cap 600 Index S&P Comp CME: SML 825.24 +9.62 (+1.18%) Volume 275.7M Open 817.99 High 825.44 Low 816.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B AEX All Share Index N Euxt CMI: AAX 781.19 -2.74 (-0.35%) Volume 0 Open 783.90 High 783.90 Low 779.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B : () Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Flir Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FLIR $35.16 +0.19 (+0.54%) Volume 367.2K Open $35.13 High $35.22 Low $34.93 P/E Ratio 28.82 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap 4.8B ESCO Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ESE $56.60 -0.10 (-0.18%) Volume 95310 Open $56.80 High $56.80 Low $56.00 P/E Ratio 30.93 Div Yield 0.57 Market Cap 1.5B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Engility Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EGL $27.29 +0.95 (+3.61%) Volume 116.4K Open $26.62 High $27.36 Low $26.38 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 968.6M Axon Enterprise Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAXN $22.08 +0.04 (+0.18%) Volume 687.3K Open $22.04 High $22.17 Low $21.95 P/E Ratio 69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AJRD $21.62 +0.42 (+1.98%) Volume 291.3K Open $21.36 High $21.65 Low $21.19 P/E Ratio 85.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Cubic Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CUB $49.70 +0.90 (+1.84%) Volume 105.5K Open $48.90 High $49.85 Low $48.90 P/E Ratio 306.03 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 1.3B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B L3 Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LLL $166.54 +0.25 (+0.15%) Volume 581.3K Open $166.54 High $167.03 Low $165.76 P/E Ratio 18.48 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.9B
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions 4/17 Updated Dear Moneyologist: Do you tip the guy who picks up your dead grandfather’s medical equipment? 4/17 Updated The scourge of digital guilt-tipping could soon be on its way to Uber Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Deep Dive Get email alerts U.S. defense stocks easily outperform the broader market By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 17, 2017 3:16 p.m. ET Share Trump is pushing for greater funding for the companies, whose weaponry has been on display in the news Raytheon, Reuters The Massive Ordinance Air Blast bomb, left, is made by Boeing Co., while Tomahawk cruise missiles are produced by Raytheon Co. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. military strikes top and center in the news, readers have been introduced to some of the most advanced and powerful weaponry built by aerospace and defense companies. Because of the complexity of government procurement processes, the use of certain missiles doesn’t necessarily mean the makers of those weapons will benefit from near-term increases in sales. But it’s helpful for investors to know which contractors have been most successful recently, and which are most favored by analysts. Tomahawk cruise missiles, manufactured by Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% were used against a Syrian airfield on April 6. The Massive Ordinance Air Blast (MOAB), or “mother of all bombs,” is made by Boeing Co. BA, +1.94%  and was used against Islamic State terrorists in Afghanistan last week. Raytheon is the fourth-largest U.S. defense contractor, with a market capitalization of $44.5 billion, while Boeing is the biggest player, with a market cap of $106.8 billion. There are 28 aerospace and defense companies in the S&P 1500 Composite Index, which comprises the large-cap S&P 500 SPX, +0.86% the S&P 400 Mid-Cap Index MID, +1.17% and the S&P 500 Small-Cap 600 Index SML, +1.18% The industry’s stocks as a group are up 7% this year, with dividends reinvested, while the S&P 1500 is up 4%. Since Donald Trump was elected president Nov. 8, the aerospace and defense industry group has risen 15%, compared with 10% for the index. Trump has said he wishes to increase defense spending by 10%, or by $54 billion. It remains to be seen if the president will get his way, but the stock market tends to be forward-looking, and the recent action shows investors believe favorable times are ahead for defense contractors. Here are several sets of data showing which companies have excelled and which are favored most by Wall Street analysts. The Big Five There are five U.S. aerospace and defense companies with market caps over $40 billion — the Big Five. Here they are, in size order, along a comparison of total returns for their stocks, compared to the index: Company Ticker Total return - 2017 through April 13 Total return 2016 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 13% 11% 57% 174% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 7% 18% 90% 257% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 8% 28% 89% 205% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 7% 17% 69% 230% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 3% 25% 117% 342% S&P 1500 Index 4% 13% 36% 89% Source: FactSet The numbers are breathtaking, and the forward price-to-earnings ratios have risen by quite a bit over the past year: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% $175.62 $10.26 17.1 14.0 Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $268.00 $14.04 19.1 16.6 General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% $186.73 $10.54 17.7 13.4 Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% $151.75 $8.30 18.3 15.8 Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $240.20 $13.34 18.0 16.8 Source: FactSet In comparison, the S&P 1500 is trading for 16 times consensus 2018 EPS estimates. This chart shows the movement of forward P/E ratios for the big five aerospace/defense stocks over the past five years: FactSet You can see that, at times, the valuations have been even higher than they are now. Even though the rise in forward P/E valuations over the past year doesn’t necessarily mean the stocks won’t perform well, analysts have majority “buy” ratings for only two of the Big Five: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Boeing Co. BA, +1.94% 48% 37% 15% $175.62 $178.86 2% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% 45% 55% 0% $268.00 $280.22 5% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% 43% 57% 0% $240.20 $255.56 6% Source: FactSet It’s clear that analysts don’t expect major excitement for the Big Five, at least overt the next 12 months. One more look at the Big Five — this time, increases in sales per share over the past 12 reported months, through April 13: Company Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Boeing Co. $147.78 $138.42 6.8% $94,571 $96,114 -1.6% Lockheed Martin Corp. $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% General Dynamics Corp. $101.09 $96.40 4.9% $31,353 $31,469 -0.4% Raytheon Co. $81.11 $76.22 6.4% $24,069 $23,247 3.5% Northrop Grumman Corp. $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,256 4.2% Source: FactSet We are showing both sales per share and raw revenue, because the per-share figures reflect any dilution (increase in the share count) that may take place if a company’s funds an acquisition with stock, or issues shares for any other reason. The per-share numbers also show the benefit of any decline in the share count from buybacks. The Big Five all have lowered their share counts through stock repurchases over the past 12 months, which has significantly boosted sales per share, and even changed negative to positive for Boeing Co. and General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16%   Ranking aerospace/defense stocks So now we will look at the entire group of 28 aerospace/defense stocks to rank them in various ways. Sales growth First, here are the 10 that have shown the greatest increases in sales per share over the past 12 months, as well as increases in sales in dollars: Company Ticker Sales per share - past 12 reported months Sales per share - year-earlier period Growth of sales per share Sales - past 12 months ($mil) Sales - year-earlier period ($mil) Change in sales Axon Enterprise Inc. AAX, -0.35% $5.02 $3.62 38.5% $268 $198 35.6% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $35.00 $28.69 22.0% $6,038 $5,695 6.0% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% $58.56 $49.81 17.6% $3,284 $2,822 16.4% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $68.18 $59.16 15.2% $2,027 $1,812 11.8% Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.70% $164.89 $146.70 12.4% $49,919 $46,132 8.2% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $50.68 $45.33 11.8% $1,731 $1,620 6.8% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV $29.05 $26.12 11.2% $2,933 $2,730 7.4% Northrop Grumman Corp. NOC, +1.21% $135.82 $122.88 10.5% $24,508 $23,526 4.2% FLIR Systems Inc. FLIR, +0.54% $12.02 $11.08 8.5% $1,662 $1,557 6.7% ESCO Technologies Inc. ESE, -0.18% $22.55 $21.10 6.9% $585 $$550 6.4% Source: FactSet Once again, each company’s per-share figures have been boosted by buybacks. Cheapest stocks Here are the 10 S&P 1500 aerospace/defense stocks with the lowest forward P/E ratios: Company Ticker Closing price - April 13 Consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate Price/consensus 2017 EPS on April 13, 2016 Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% $25.00 $4.58 5.5 6.3 Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% $26.34 $2.25 11.7 13.2 KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% $44.52 $3.70 12.0 12.5 Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% $95.31 $6.71 14.2 13.8 AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% $33.01 $2.27 14.6 12.4 Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% $82.34 $5.57 14.8 15.2 B/E AerospaceInc. US:BEAV $63.48 $4.06 15.6 13.2 Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% $84.15 $5.33 15.8 11.9 Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% $64.92 $4.05 16.0 11.9 Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% $96.63 $5.95 16.2 15.7 Source: FactSet While the Big Five have all seen their forward P/E valuations rise over the past year, four of the companies listed above have seen their valuations decline. So let’s see how analysts view them: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Triumph Group Inc. TGI, +2.00% 29% 50% 21% $25.00 $30.08 20% Engility Holdings Inc. E, +0.35% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Motorola Solutions Inc. MSI, +0.90% 44% 50% 6% $82.34 $85.17 3% B/E Aerospace Inc. US:BEAV 0% 100% 0% $63.48 $62.00 -2% Esterline Technologies Corp. ESL, +3.21% 44% 56% 0% $84.15 $95.86 14% Moog Inc. Class A MOG.A, +1.46% 20% 60% 20% $64.92 $64.75 0% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% Source: FactSet So half of the cheapest (by price/consensus 2018 EPS estimate ratios) have majority “buy” ratings. Most beloved on Wall Street Let’s take one last look at the data, this time showing all 12 aerospace/defense stocks that have majority “buy” ratings and ranking them by implied 12-month upside potential, based on consensus price targets: Company Ticker Share ‘buy’ ratings Share neutral ratings Share ‘sell’ ratings Closing price - April 13 Consensus price target Implied 12-month upside potential Engility Holdings Inc. EGL, +3.61% 71% 29% 0% $26.34 $37.50 42% Axon Enterprise Inc. AAXN, +0.18% 62% 38% 0% $22.04 $30.40 38% Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. AJRD, +1.98% 75% 25% 0% $21.20 $26.67 26% TransDigm Group Inc. TDG, +2.34% 63% 37% 0% $233.76 $283.41 21% KLX Inc. KLXI, +4.90% 67% 33% 0% $44.52 $53.60 20% Orbital ATK Inc. OA, +1.64% 83% 17% 0% $95.31 $111.56 17% AAR Corp. AIR, +1.36% 80% 20% 0% $33.01 $37.75 14% Cubic Corp. CUB, +1.84% 83% 17% 0% $48.80 $54.50 12% Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.98% 76% 24% 0% $151.75 $168.71 11% Rockwell Collins Inc. COL, +0.98% 60% 40% 0% $96.63 $105.81 10% General Dynamics Corp. GD, +1.16% 71% 29% 0% $186.73 $201.17 8% L3 Technologies Inc. LLL, +0.15% 56% 44% 0% $166.29 $179.08 8% Source: FactSet If you see a stock that interests you, it’s critical that do your own research to understand the company’s strategy and decide whether you believe it’s positioned for years of success. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them (even United) This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References RTN +1.49 +0.98% BA +3.40 +1.94% SPX +20.06 +0.86% MID +19.62 +1.17% SML +9.62 +1.18% LMT +1.88 +0.70% GD +2.16 +1.16% NOC +2.90 +1.21% AAX -2.74 -0.35% MSI +0.74 +0.90% TDG +5.47 +2.34% ESL +2.70 +3.21% AIR +0.45 +1.36% FLIR +0.19 +0.54% ESE -0.10 -0.18% TGI +0.50 +2.00% E +0.11 +0.35% KLXI +2.18 +4.90% OA +1.56 +1.64% MOG.A +0.95 +1.46% COL +0.95 +0.98% EGL +0.95 +3.61% AAXN +0.04 +0.18% AJRD +0.42 +1.98% CUB +0.90 +1.84% LLL +0.25 +0.15% Show all references Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.38% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.06% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.83% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.83% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.33% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.3% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.22% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.21% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 400 Mid Cap Index NYSE Glb Ind: MID 1,700.66 +19.62 (+1.17%) Volume 0 Open 1,684 High 1,701 Low 1,681 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P Small Cap 600 Index S&P Comp CME: SML 825.24 +9.62 (+1.18%) Volume 275.7M Open 817.99 High 825.44 Low 816.66 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B AEX All Share Index N Euxt CMI: AAX 781.19 -2.74 (-0.35%) Volume 0 Open 783.90 High 783.90 Low 779.55 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $269.88 +1.88 (+0.70%) Volume 784.1K Open $268.13 High $269.90 Low $267.91 P/E Ratio 20.66 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 77.7B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B : () Northrop Grumman Corp. U.S.: NYSE: NOC $243.10 +2.90 (+1.21%) Volume 733.6K Open $240.32 High $243.28 Low $240.26 P/E Ratio 19.94 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 42.0B Flir Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FLIR $35.16 +0.19 (+0.54%) Volume 367.2K Open $35.13 High $35.22 Low $34.93 P/E Ratio 28.82 Div Yield 1.71 Market Cap 4.8B ESCO Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ESE $56.60 -0.10 (-0.18%) Volume 95310 Open $56.80 High $56.80 Low $56.00 P/E Ratio 30.93 Div Yield 0.57 Market Cap 1.5B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Triumph Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TGI $25.50 +0.50 (+2.00%) Volume 368.6K Open $25.10 High $25.60 Low $24.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap 1.2B ENI S.p.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: E $31.88 +0.11 (+0.35%) Volume 127.7K Open $31.96 High $31.97 Low $31.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.31 Market Cap 57.9B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Motorola Solutions Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MSI $83.08 +0.74 (+0.90%) Volume 574.4K Open $82.53 High $83.14 Low $82.46 P/E Ratio 25.41 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 13.6B : () Esterline Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ESL $86.85 +2.70 (+3.21%) Volume 64247 Open $84.84 High $87.05 Low $84.60 P/E Ratio 22.92 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Moog Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: MOG.A $65.87 +0.95 (+1.46%) Volume 59033 Open $65.16 High $65.89 Low $64.82 P/E Ratio 18.25 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B Engility Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EGL $27.29 +0.95 (+3.61%) Volume 116.4K Open $26.62 High $27.36 Low $26.38 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 968.6M Axon Enterprise Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAXN $22.08 +0.04 (+0.18%) Volume 687.3K Open $22.04 High $22.17 Low $21.95 P/E Ratio 69 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: AJRD $21.62 +0.42 (+1.98%) Volume 291.3K Open $21.36 High $21.65 Low $21.19 P/E Ratio 85.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.6B TransDigm Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TDG $239.23 +5.47 (+2.34%) Volume 558.5K Open $234.56 High $239.41 Low $234.12 P/E Ratio 29.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B KLX Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: KLXI $46.70 +2.18 (+4.90%) Volume 583.1K Open $46.10 High $46.89 Low $45.35 P/E Ratio 44.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B Orbital ATK Inc. U.S.: NYSE: OA $96.87 +1.56 (+1.64%) Volume 226.0K Open $95.83 High $97.14 Low $95.10 P/E Ratio 19.21 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 5.5B AAR Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AIR $33.46 +0.45 (+1.36%) Volume 153.6K Open $33.13 High $33.52 Low $33.08 P/E Ratio 24.33 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 1.1B Cubic Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CUB $49.70 +0.90 (+1.84%) Volume 105.5K Open $48.90 High $49.85 Low $48.90 P/E Ratio 306.03 Div Yield 0.54 Market Cap 1.3B Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $153.24 +1.49 (+0.98%) Volume 1.1M Open $152.00 High $153.32 Low $151.90 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.08 Market Cap 44.4B Rockwell Collins Inc. U.S.: NYSE: COL $97.58 +0.95 (+0.98%) Volume 1.9M Open $97.01 High $97.71 Low $96.13 P/E Ratio 17.43 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap 12.6B General Dynamics Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GD $188.89 +2.16 (+1.16%) Volume 816.6K Open $187.18 High $188.97 Low $186.87 P/E Ratio 19.74 Div Yield 1.78 Market Cap 56.6B L3 Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LLL $166.54 +0.25 (+0.15%) Volume 581.3K Open $166.54 High $167.03 Low $165.76 P/E Ratio 18.48 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.9B
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   The President is sending very mixed signals on the Ex-Im bank posted at 12:01 pm on April 17, 2017 by Jazz Shaw Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES I had expressed my severe disappointment back in early February when we heard rumors that President Trump was going back on one of his strongly held campaign themes of wanting to do away with the massive slush fund and bastion of crony capitalism known as the Export Import Bank. Those fears were pretty much confirmed last week during a flurry of announcements which seemed to signal other such reversals. (Take a deep breath and keep repeating, at least we got Gorsuch. At least we got Gorsuch. At least we got Gorsuch.) Now it’s official, with the president making two nominations for positions on the bank’s board. Curiously, the two individuals are seemingly miles apart in terms of their attitude toward Ex-Im. (Politico) President Donald Trump on Friday announced that he intends to nominate two former Republican lawmakers to fill empty seats on the Export-Import Bank’s board, one of whom has been a prominent opponent of the agency. Trump tapped Scott Garrett, an Ex-Im critic and a former House member from New Jersey, as president of the bank’s board, and Spencer Bachus, a former chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, as a board member. If they are confirmed, the bank would once again have a quorum, and therefore the ability to approve deals above $10 million. Ex-Im guarantees loans for foreign companies interested in buying U.S. exports, and also runs programs such as providing insurance and credit to help small businesses secure new customers and working capital. While leaving the bank’s board unmanned would have been closer to a permanent solution to the problem, the stupidly optimistic side of me has to wonder if these nominations don’t signal something of a “third way” approach which might not be a complete disaster. Last year, when it looked like we had finally driven a stake through the heart of the bank, former New Jersey Congressman Scott Garrett was listed by Heritage Action as being on record against Ex-Im and he had previously referred to it as, “a bank that embodies the corruption of the free enterprise system.” Conversely, Scott Garrett used to represent Alabama, the home of one of Boeing’s larger plants. (Boeing is the recipient of the vast majority of Ex-Im’s largess and Garrett is a steady supporter.) So what does this mean? We’ve got the pro-bank guy being nominated to be president of the board but one of the other votes any significant funding will require is to be held by a bitter opponent. A more hopeful person could see it as a signal that perhaps the gigantic giveaways benefiting Boeing may be shut off (or at least tapered back) and the focus of the bank might return to actual small businesses as was originally intended. Is that possible? At the New York Times business section, Alexandria Stevenson sees hints that what Trump is actually looking to do is “reshape the bank.” Mr. Trump said in an interview this week he no longer wanted to eliminate the Export-Import Bank, adding that he planned to fill two openings on the board, which has five members… “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies,” he said, adding that other countries give similar assistance. “When other countries give it we lose a tremendous amount of business.” Choosing to focus far more heavily on small businesses might turn Ex-Im into something which is at least tolerable (though still picking winners and losers) and represent a “reshaping” of the institution. Could that work? I suppose anything could happen in the post-2016 era, but Boeing moves a lot of money around in lobbying circles and donates to almost everyone in Congress. With the door once again open for the bank, it’s hard to see them not being able to muscle their way through. I’m prepared to be joyfully proven wrong, but this isn’t my first time at the rodeo. I wouldn’t bank on it… pun intended. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: Boeing, crony capitalism, Donald Trump, ex-im bank Related Posts: Pro-Trump group drops $3M for House backers of AHCA Syrian defector: Of course Assad kept hundreds of tons of chemical weapons Big slide in polling for Trump on key strength of presidency? Breaking on Hot Air Good luck, y’all. The Russians have robots that can shoot guns. Video: Pence visits DMZ — and North Korean paparazzi LAT: Conservative Catholics going schismatic over Pope Francis? Blowback   Rep. Adam Schiff is terribly disappointed in Rep. Nunes…again Dem Intel Committee member Adam Schiff: We now have more than circumstantial evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump staffers Trump: I feel “somewhat” vindicated knowing that members of my transition team were incidentally surveilled North Korean missile explodes shortly after launch Preet Bharara didn’t stay unemployed for long Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump ObamaCare health care AHCA Russia neil gorsuch Supreme Court Paul Ryan repeal and replace bill deportation republican gorsuch confirmation GOP Hillary Clinton Germany illegal immigrants GCHQ vote poll ryan illegal immigration Canada adam schiff collusion Devin Nunes committee coordination intelligence investigation nunes briefing communications Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act incidentally legal surveilled launch missile North Korea Rex Tillerson New York University Preet Bharara u.s. attorney achievement Chelsea Clinton hillary lifetime © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow By Paul Ausick April 17, 2017 2:25 pm EDT Print Email Tweet The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) will shed more employees as it faces new orders and production slow down for some of the company’s current commercial jets. According to reports Monday morning, the company plans to fire “hundreds” more engineers this year with the cuts scheduled to begin on June 23. The job cuts announced Monday come in addition to 245 job losses already scheduled for May 19 and voluntary reductions that have chopped about 1,800 engineering and technical positions so far this year. According to a Boeing spokesman, the cuts will affect both union and non-union workers. While the company did not specify which locations would be affected, chances are high that the Seattle area will take the brunt of the cuts. Boeing’s 777 production will be cut to 5 per month later this year and is likely to be cut further as the company transitions to the 777X models scheduled to reach customers in 2020. Production of the 747 jumbo jet has also been reduced as orders for new 747s dry up. Both the 747 and 777 are produced in Washington state. Boeing has floated the idea of raising production of its 787 Dreamliner from a current level of 12 per month to 14. The plane is built both in Washington and South Carolina. The 787-10 is slated to begin production this year (which will slow deliveries) with first deliveries next year (which will make up for the slowdown in 2017). By 2020, 787 production could drop to 10 per month according to some analysts, with production falling to 7 early in the 2020s according to Buckingham Research. Boeing’s stock rose about 1.5% Monday afternoon to $178.17 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. The stock’s 12-month price target is $179.81. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « RBC Joins Analyst Target Hike Brigade for Apple Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, Labor, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Poorest Town in Every State The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Could United Airlines Earnings Ever Have Been Good Enough? Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock United Continental shares 1% higher after company reports earnings United Continental Q1 sales $8.4 billion, in line with expectations United Continental Q1 adj. EPS 41 cents vs. expectations 38 cents Google To Move In Near Tesla's Reno Gigafactory Wal-Mart (WMT) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos 5 Top-Ranked China Stocks to Buy as Growth Surges in Q1 U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Asia stocks mixed, dollar subdued amid North Korea concerns Netflix shares head for new high after strong subscriber outlook Most major Western leaders to skip China's New Silk Road summit INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round Supreme Court Mulls Time Bars For SEC Recovery of Ill-Gotten Profits Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter Report: Paul Manafort Now Advising Chinese Billionaire On Trump Infrastructure Contracts Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
18/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 18/04/2017 Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes decides not to run for second term following bloody protests Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I hope that this gesture of renunciation will serve to deepen the dialogue aimed at the institutional strengthening of the Republic" Horacio Cartes President of Paraguay World 17/04/2017 Erdogan denounces referendum watchdog as National Security Council extends state of emergency Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Talk to the hand. This country has realised the most democratic elections, not seen in any country in the West" Recep Tayyip Erdogan President of Turkey World 17/04/2017 Fear in France: could Islamophobia hijack the election? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "They succeeded in a certain way" Lyon resident World 17/04/2017 'International media is dancing to the tune of Erdogan' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "millions of people in Turkey are feeling homeless in their own country" Ece Temelkuran Writer and political commentator World 17/04/2017 Turkey: expat vote 'clear-cut in support for Erdogan' - initial results Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We need to use every democratic opportunity to oppose all this." Kenan Kolat Opposition CHP Leader, Berlin World 17/04/2017 A 360° political immersion in Martinique Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I think we have lost a sense of common interest, and I think that individualism has made a lot of progress" Michel Queuille Retired resident of Martinique World 17/04/2017 Urban Turks divided on referendum result Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It's obvious that a broad part of the society do not accept this referendum" Istanbul resident Sci-tech 17/04/2017 Legumes see new life in flowerpots Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The proteins are made soluble in a buffer solution." Eleonora Umiltà Chemist, SSICA more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Japan jet may not make money, but aims to revive dormant industry Aa Aa Now Reading: Japan jet may not make money, but aims to revive dormant industry 17/04/2017 Japan jet may not make money, but aims to revive dormant industry REUTERS 17/04/2017 By Tim Kelly and Maki Shiraki TOKYO (Reuters) – The Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ) has been delayed five times and faces rising costs, yet its future as the vanguard of Japanese-built passenger jets seems assured by the corporate muscle behind it and a government set on reviving an aerospace industry dismantled after World War Two. The delays – the new 90-seat plane was due to take off in 2013, but the first delivery is not now seen until 2020 – have dented its chances of commercial success as established regional jet makers, Brazil’s Embraer SA <EMBR3.SA> and Canada’s Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>, catch up with its innovations, and China and Russia flex their aerospace ambitions. But the Japanese government’s primary goal isn’t to make money for Mitsubishi Aircraft, the MRJ’s manufacturer, rather it’s to have the plane cement an industry revival that failed to take off half a century ago with Japan’s last passenger plane, the YS-11. “Rather than a simple question of whether it makes a profit or loss, what is more important is will it over the longer term be the foundation of a strong aerospace industry,” a government source who is helping the program told Reuters. He asked not to be identified as he is not authorized to talk to the media. Presentation documents prepared by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, seen by Reuters, see the MRJ as the first in a three-generation program stretching beyond 2060. With the plane still awaiting U.S.-standard certification for commercial flights, signed-up customers are banking on the backing of big-name Japanese companies to see the project through. Mitsubishi Aircraft Corp is 64 percent-owned by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries <7011.T>, with Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> and Mitsubishi Corp <8058.T> each holding a 10 percent stake. Other shareholders include state-owned Development Bank of Japan, Sumitomo Corp <8053.T> and Mitsui & Co <8031.T>. “Not a bad list,” says Jep Thornton, a partner at Aerolease Aviation in Florida which has ordered 10 of the planes. “This is coming from the government sector, the financial sector and the investor sector.” Launch customer ANA Holdings <9202.T>, Japan’s biggest carrier, says it won’t walk away from its order for 15 MRJs even as it has to keep older aircraft flying and leases four Boeing <BA.N> 737-800 aircraft to make up for a capacity shortfall. “We want this plane in our fleet and although we have been on stand-by for a while, we await it with anticipation,” said Yuji Hirako, who runs All Nippon Airways. RE-WIRING The plane’s latest delay, announced in January, can be dated back more than 20 years – six years before Mitsubishi even considered a passenger jet – when a Boeing 747 plunged into the Atlantic, killing 230 people. Investigators blamed a short circuit that ignited a fuel tank fire, prompting the U.S. Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) to tighten wiring certification in 2007. Mitsubishi, which had by then begun work on the MRJ, overlooked the change, said two people with knowledge of the project. “Mitsubishi was clearly aware of it but did not apply it to the design,” said one, who didn’t want to be named as he is not authorized to talk to the media. Hundreds of engineers wiring the MRJ did so without using a common design framework incorporating the new rule. So, when asked by Japanese regulators certifying the jet to FAA standards how it complied with the stricter standard, Mitsubishi Aircraft faced a time-consuming task to explain each twist and turn in the 23,000 wires snaking through the plane’s fuselage. “They decided it would be easier to start from scratch,” the second person said. In response to Reuters queries, Mitsubishi Aircraft said: “We were aware of the regulation in our early phase of design, so it is not accurate to say we overlooked the regulation. Our design was made reflecting the regulations, but we made a subsequent decision to relocate certain systems for a better design. System location was the main reason for requiring wiring changes and the re-routing ensures we meet the highest safety standards.” Four of the five delays so far have been caused to some degree by similar failures to document work for certification, forcing engineers to redo some of their work, said Yugo Fukuhara, vice president and general manager of sales and marketing at Mitsubishi Aircraft, adding the company is hiring ex-Boeing engineers and other foreign experts to help it better navigate FAA rules. BREAKING EVEN? Mitsubishi Aircraft has orders for 233 MRJs, and aims to sell more than 1,000 of the planes over two decades. The company declined to say how many planes it has to sell to break even. Based on presentations by Mitsubishi Heavy, the first four delays doubled the MRJ’s development cost, and the latest delay could add another 30 percent – taking total spending to 350 billion yen ($3.17 billion), equivalent to the value of 67 list-price MRJs. At the average operating margin of 7.84 percent at commercial planemakers including Embraer, Boeing and Airbus <AIR.PA> over the past three years, the profit per MRJ plane would be $3.7 million, according to Reuters calculations. At that rate of return, Mitsubishi Aircraft would need to sell more than 800 of the planes to cover its costs. “Assume a very conservative 30 percent discount to the list price, then re-do. That probably brings us to 1,200 jets, and they’ll never get there,” said Richard Aboulafia, an analyst at Teal Group, when asked about Reuters’ estimate. A more realistic number, he says, would be 30 aircraft a year over 25 years, adding up to sales of around 750 MRJs. “We understand that the commercial aircraft business is a long-term investment, and we expect to absorb the development costs over the long run,” Mitsubishi Aircraft told Reuters. “We see this as the creation of a new industry, establishing supply chains and a regulatory certification process,” said Fukuhara, the sales and marketing manager, in his office at Nagoya Airport. “I don’t think it will end with the MRJ.” (For graphic comparing regional jets, click: http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/1/25/49/index.html) (Reporting by Tim Kelly and Maki Shiraki, with additional reporting by Allison Lampert in MONTREAL and Brad Haynes in SAO PAULO; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories North Korea 17/04/2017 North Korea UN envoy warns of possibility of nuclear war Turkey 17/04/2017 Erdogan denounces referendum watchdog as National Security Council extends... Turkey 17/04/2017 Turkey divided: protesters fill streets in Istanbul and Ankara Most viewed North Korea 17/04/2017 North Korea UN envoy warns of possibility of nuclear war Turkey 17/04/2017 Erdogan denounces referendum watchdog as National Security Council extends... Turkey 17/04/2017 Turkey divided: protesters fill streets in Istanbul and Ankara USA 17/04/2017 FLOTUS steals the show at White House Easter egg roll Germany 17/04/2017 Easter snow in Germany Editor's choice North Korea 14/04/2017 'We honour to the highest degree' DPRK and the cult of Kim world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? Aid Zone 11/04/2017 "Las invasiones": where displaced Colombians live Flashback: one year ago no comment 18/04/2016 UN Mideast meeting descends into Israeli-Palestinian shouting match world news 18/04/2016 A 'new voice' - africanews set for television launch Republic of Ecuador 18/04/2016 Ecuador earthquake: death toll soars to 350 with fears mounting it will continue... Israel 18/04/2016 Israel police say Jerusalem bus blast was a bomb brussels bureau 18/04/2016 EU mulls expanded naval mission in Libya Editor's choice North Korea 14/04/2017 'We honour to the highest degree' DPRK and the cult of Kim world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? Aid Zone 11/04/2017 "Las invasiones": where displaced Colombians live world news 17/04/2017 Trump leads Easter celebrations, as Melania makes White House appearance world news 17/04/2017 Smart bandages will use 5G data to monitor wounds no comment 17/04/2017 The 'Happiest 5k' the corner 17/04/2017 Chelsea endure Premiership defeat, Tottenham edge higher world news 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? Poland 17/04/2017 Retro piste action in Poland Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan Constitutional referendum in Turkey Turkish politics France Referendum Protest Russia Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Washington state OKs Fred Hutch license plates to raise funds for cancer research Scientists use 3-D scans to ID duckbilled fish species 40 years after it was caught Microsoft updates IFTTT competitor Flow and custom app building tool PowerApps Biotech standout Juno plans Bay Area office, hires ex-Genentech exec as R&D president Netflix misses subscriber estimates, explains why it won’t ink live sports partnerships like Amazon’s NFL deal GeekWire Awards: From marketing to machine learning, vote for your favorite App of the Year Former Seattle mayor Mike McGinn announces re-election bid, says he’ll push corporations to ‘pay their fair share’ Boeing will send layoff notices to hundreds of engineers, and more job cuts lie ahead Amazon closing in on Flipkart as top India e-commerce site among mobile users, study says UW, Microsoft and Twist Bioscience double down on DNA data storage experiments Vote for Bootstrapper of the Year: These entrepreneurs are building businesses the old-fashioned way Video of murder uploaded to Facebook, highlighting perils of graphic video on social media Former Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn to challenge incumbent Ed Murray Open educational courseware startup Lumen Learning lands $3.7M and inks deal with Follett PicoBrew surpasses $1M Kickstarter mark and gets into craft spirits with new at-home distilling tool Report: Microsoft exploring browser-like tabs for Windows 10 to simplify user experience Walmart’s potential acquisition of Bonobos could help retail giant challenge Amazon Fred Hutch study: New nanoparticle immunotherapy could replace chemo as front-line cancer treatment GeekWire Deals: The essential training for Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of April 9, 2017 Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time 6 lessons ‘Ghost in the Shell’ can teach you about cybersecurity Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Amazon opens up Alexa’s microphone and voice processing technology to hardware makers This was Amazon’s highest-earning employee in 2016 — and it wasn’t Jeff Bezos GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year GeekWire Awards: Vote for Young Entrepreneur of the Year and check out what these finalists have accomplished by 30 Pluto VR raises $13.9M to build out virtual reality communication platform Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections Hit reply to get paid: Microsoft vets take on LinkedIn with novel ‘Nextio’ messaging service Why this East Coast electric bike retailer relocated to Seattle for its clicks-to-bricks operation Vote for CEO of the Year: These top tech execs are driving change through creative leadership Seattle angel investors launch ‘Flying Fish’ venture capital firm focused on early-stage startups Two groups announce plans to renovate Seattle’s Key Arena for potential NBA and NHL franchises Consumer PC market’s struggles show challenge for Microsoft’s Windows 10 Creators Update Elon Musk keeps on truckin’: Tesla to unveil Semi in September, pickup by 2019 Trending: Walmart’s potential acquisition of Bonobos could help retail giant challenge Amazon Space & Science Boeing will send layoff notices to hundreds of engineers, and more job cuts lie ahead by Alan Boyle on April 17, 2017 at 12:39 pmApril 17, 2017 at 12:43 pm Comments  1 Share  154 Tweet Share  18 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Boeing says involuntary layoffs will affect hundreds of workers in engineering. (GeekWire Photo) The Boeing Co. signaled that hundreds of employees involved in aerospace engineering in Washington state and other locations will be laid off starting in June. The job cuts, reportedly due to begin on June 23, come on top of earlier rounds of voluntary and involuntary layoffs that have unfolded over the past year. Boeing Commercial Airplane’s employment figures have fallen by just over 10 percent since the start of 2017. Last month, Boeing approved voluntary buyouts for 1,500 machinists and 305 engineers, and also issued 245 involuntary layoff notices to take effect in May. The newly announced layoffs should start taking effect on June 23, according to a widely cited memo from John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations,” Reuters quoted Hamilton’s memo as saying. “We anticipate this will impact hundreds of Engineering employees. Additional reductions in Engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition.” Bill Dugovich, a spokesman for the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace, or SPEEA, told GeekWire that his union has asked Boeing for further information about the layoffs. The Post and Courier in Charleston, S.C., quoted a Boeing spokeswoman as saying “there have been no involuntary layoff notices issued at Boeing South Carolina,” Boeing executives have said the job reductions are necessary to keep the company competitive with Airbus amid a challenging market for commercial airplane sales. In a statement issued today, the company said the latest layoffs are consistent with its previously announced cost-cutting strategy: “We continue to follow the plan outlined to Boeing Commercial Airplanes employees in December 2016. In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements.  Employment reductions, including managers and executives, will come through a combination of attrition, leaving open positions unfilled, a voluntary layoff program and in some cases, involuntary layoffs. All information is being shared directly with employees.” Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 1 Share  154 Tweet Share  18 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon closing in on Flipkart as top India e-commerce site among mobile users, study says Next StoryFormer Seattle mayor Mike McGinn announces re-election bid, says he’ll push corporations to ‘pay their fair share’ Filed Under: Science • Transportation  Tagged With: aerospace • Aviation • Boeing • Employment GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing OKs buyouts for 1,800 union workers, and more job cuts are expected Boeing takes steps to trim 4,000 jobs; more layoffs may be on the way Boeing plans to ‘reduce employment’ as it looks to cut costs After 8 percent reduction, Boeing plans more job cuts amid shift in airplane market Previous StoryAmazon closing in on Flipkart as top India e-commerce site among mobile users, study says Next StoryFormer Seattle mayor Mike McGinn announces re-election bid, says he’ll push corporations to ‘pay their fair share’ Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: The essential training for Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro GeekWire Deals: 2TB of secure cloud storage to protect everything you’ve got Most Popular on GeekWire Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'637 0.9%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0688 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'283 -0.1%  Dollar 1.0036 0.0%  Öl 55.4 -0.2%  SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'637 0.9%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0688 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'283 -0.1%  Dollar 1.0036 0.0%  Öl 55.4 -0.2%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal Boeing Aktie [Valor: 913253 / ISIN: US0970231058] Kaufen Verkaufen Als führende Anbieterin von Online-Finanzdienstleistungen bietet Swissquote Bank AG eine benutzerfreundliche Trading Plattform für den Handel von über 2.5 Millionen Finanzprodukten. Hinzu kommen verschiedene Forex Plattformen, ePrivate Banking Services, Hypotheken und Sparkonten. Kaufen Verkaufen Konto eröffnen Konto eröffnen Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Strukturierte Produkte Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Orderbuch Analysen Historisch < Kurse + Charts + Realtime Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) Times + Sales Chartvergleich Börsenplätze Realtime Push Orderbuch Historisch > < News + Analysen News + Adhoc Analysen Kursziele > < Fundamental Bilanz/GuV Schätzungen Dividende/GV Analysen > < Unternehmen Termine Profil > < zugeh. Wertpapiere Strukturierte Produkte > 18.04.2017 03:04:19 Boeing Plans To Lay Off Hundreds Of Engineers Tweet A A Teilen Drucken (RTTNews) - Boeing Co. (BA) plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations -- and may eliminate more jobs later this year. The manufacturer plans to hand out pink slips on Friday, the same day that 305 engineers and technical workers will leave voluntarily under an earlier buyout offer. Boeing may make additional engineering cuts depending on "our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees Monday. The dismissals are needed to "meet our operating plan and additional challenges in the marketplace." The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Nachrichten zu Boeing Co.mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 17.04.17 Boeing to Lay off Hundreds of Engineers (Rian.ru) 17.04.17 Boeing laying off hundreds more engineers (EN, USA Today) 17.04.17 Boeing Plans More layoffs Affecting Hundreds of Engineers: Source (FOX Business) 17.04.17 Boeing to lay off hundreds more engineers: source (Reuters Business) 16.04.17 Silk Way legt sich zehn Boeing 737 MAX zu (aero.de) 15.04.17 Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract (EN, MotleyFool) 14.04.17 Boeing hebt mit 737 MAX 9 erstmals ab (aero.de) Analysen zu Boeing Co.mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 06.10.16 Boeing Outperform Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 23.06.16 Boeing overweight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 12.01.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 27.10.16 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.10.16 Boeing Sell Standpoint Research 30.08.16 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 28.10.16 Boeing Hold Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 04.07.16 Boeing Neutral JP Morgan Chase & Co. 28.04.16 Boeing Hold Canaccord Adams 28.04.16 Boeing Sector Perform RBC Capital Markets Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:22 SMI kaum verändert erwartet 13.04.17 Vontobel: Coupons im «Doppelpack» 12.04.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 06.04.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Schweizer Blue-Chips. 28.03.17 ideas Magazin - Luxus: Elegantes Shopping ist wieder en vogue mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08:00 J.P. Morgan AM: Deutsche Konzerne zahlen Rekord-Dividende 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Aktien in diesem Artikel Boeing Co. 177.00 1.14% Meistgelesene Nachrichten Diese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufen Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Türkische Lira legt nach Sieg Erdogans zu Portugal: Heißes Pflaster für Risikobewusste Tesla-Aktie legt deutlich zu: Tencent steigt mit fünf Prozent ein Roche präsentiert positive Daten zu Emicizumab bei Kindern mit Bluterkrankheit Erdogan zum Sieger des Referendums in der Türkei erklärt Konflikt um Nordkorea belastet Börse in Tokio Lanxess: Transformation beginnt zu wirken DGAP-Gesamtstimmrechte: EVOTEC AG Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Asiens Börsen uneinheitlich -- SMI freundlich erwartet -- DAX dürfte mit Gewinn starten TecDAX fester erwartet. Wall Street schliesst freundlich. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch

Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Boeing warns of Puget Sound region layoffs in May Boeing warns of Puget Sound region layoffs in May Friday, 24 March 2017 (3 weeks ago) After a wave of buyouts, Boeing has turned to job cuts at its Puget Sound airplane factories and corporate offices to cut expenses as the slowdown in wide-body jet sales continues. Boeing (NYSE: BA) served layoff notices to 245 workers as recently as Thursday and filed a notice with the Washington state Employment Security Department. Their final day at work will be May 23, according Boeing's Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act notice The law requires companies with 100 or… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business Meet Trump's designated driver of WALL STREET deregulation Cleveland shooting the latest crime video on FACEBOOK Google takes Android search blow in RUSSIA THE FATE OF THE FURIOUS breaks global box office record China GDP; North Korea tensions; UNITED AIRLINES results The lira is surging after TURKEY's referendum Turkey Referendum, ERDOGAN Victory Leaves Questions Open Russia, Google reach $7.8 million settlement on ANDROID case WELLS FARGO's board faces shake-up as important vote approaches Tribunal dismisses CYRUS MISTRY's plea against Tata Sons Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Mike Pence Prince Harry Barack Obama Melania Trump Current Topics Boston Marathon Facebook Maryland Coachella Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Fate of the Furious (Fast & Furious 8) Everybody Duck! There's a Near-Miss On The Horizon Brace Yourself - Samsung Could Be Bringing Back a Relic Why Russia Won't Be Attending This Year's Eurovision - And Why It's a Very Big Deal Will This Invention Destroy The Water Bottle? Why Is This Burger King Commercial Causing So Many Complaints? MTV Film And TV Awards Set To Go Gender-Neutral Which Country Just Banned UBER This Week? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow closes more than 170 points higher as Street's overseas tension concerns ease CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Retail apocalypse is creating a 'rolling crisis' that is rippling through US New forecast sees steady upturn in the economy U.S. equities rose on Monday as a weekend filled with geopolitical worries ended more calmly than investors expected, while bank stocks charged ahead. Quotes in the article M&T Bank Corp MTB ▲ 153.71 +5.78 +3.91% Netflix Inc NFLX ▲ 147.25 +4.33 +3.03% United Continental Holdings Inc UAL ▲ 70.77 +1.70 +2.46% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average rose more than 100 points as Boeing and Goldman Sachs contributed the most gains on the 30-stock index. The S&P 500 gained nearly 0.6 percent, with financials leading advancers. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) rose more than half a percent after the top two Wells Fargo executives bought $5 million worth of Wells stock. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.5 percent. "I think this is a relief rally," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given geopolitical conditions. U.S. stocks also rose higher on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without incorporating the border adjustment tax. The SPDR S&P Retail ETF rose more than 1 percent, led by Rent-A-Center up almost 6 percent. Vice President Mike Pence said the "era of strategic patience" with North Korea was over. Pence made the comments on the border between North and South Korea a day after North Korea's failed missile test. The Trump administration is working with China and its allies on a response to North Korea's missile program. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." James Smigiel, managing director at SEI, said the rise in stocks may be a byproduct of low trading volumes after the Easter holiday. "I think it's somewhat counter-intuitive that we're up this much," he said. "We didn't get anything good today, ... yet the market keeps on finding reasons to trade up. The benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since Nov. 17 before bouncing back to trade around 2.23 percent. Gold futures, which had been a popular trade over the past week, also traded off its session highs. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded more than 7 percent lower near 15. The index briefly broke above 16 last week. Investors went home on Thursday on edge after the U.S. dropped "the mother of all bombs" in Afghanistan. The U.S. used GBU-43 bomb on a cave complex believed to have ISIS fighters. Meanwhile, earnings season was set to kick into full gear this week, with Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and eBay, among others, set to report this week. Netflix was also set to report Monday after the close. Investors have high hopes for first-quarter earnings, with Wall Street expecting the best season since 2011. But it's the second-quarter guidance that has Nick Raich of The Earnings Scout worried. In a Monday note, The Earnings Scout's CEO said that just six of the 29 S&P 500 components that had reported also raised their second-quarter estimates, while 18 lowered them. "It remains highly likely that 2Q 2017 EPS estimates will go lower as more companies report and this week, there will be 69 more companies in the S&P 500 reporting," Raich said. In economic news, the Empire State index hit 5.2 in April, well below the 16.4 print reached in March. The NAHB survey showed sentiment among homebuilders slipped. The so-called hard economic data have softened recently. On Friday, the Labor Department said the consumer prices index — a key gauge of inflation — posted its biggest drop in more than two years in March, while the Commerce Department said retail sales dropped more than expected last month. In turn, market expectations for a Federal Reserve rate hike in June have slipped. But writing off tighter monetary policy — even near term — might be premature, said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "It's going to take a lot for the Fed to pull back from its path to normalization," she said. "I think the Fed will tolerate more weakness" before deviating from its path. Investors also focused on the outcome of France's presidential election. Polls suggest a growing number of voters are turning away from mainstream parties, according to Reuters. On tap this week: Tuesday Earnings: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Johnson and Johnson, UnitedHealth, Charles Schwab, Comerica, Yahoo, Harley-Davidson, Progressive, Omnicom, GNC Holdings, Intuitive Surgical, 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, American Express, eBay, Morgan Stanley, US Bancorp, TD Ameritrade, Textron, CSX, Canadian Pacific Railway, Qualcomm, Abbott Labs, Steel Dynamics, SLM 2:00 p.m. Beige book Thursday Earnings: Travelers, Verizon, Blackstone, Philip Morris, ABB, Bank of NY Mellon, Alliance Data, PPG Industries, Imax, MGIC Investment, KeyCorp, Nucor, Janus, Visa, Sonoco Products, Sherwin-Williams, Mattel, NCR, Danaher 8:30 a.m. Weekly claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed Friday Earnings: General Electric, Honeywell, NextEra Energy, Kansas City Southern, Schlumberger, Rockwell Collins, Stanley Black and Decker, SunTrust, Morningstar, Steve Madden 9:45 a.m. Manufacturing PMI 10:00 a.m. Existing home sales Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers Sterling Hayden Monday, 17 April 2017 (10 hours ago) Boeing will give layoff notices to hundreds of aerospace engineers in its commercial airplanes unit in Washington state and other unspecified locations Friday. Boeing (NYSE: BA) declined to provide exact numbers, but said workers at the 787 Dreamliner plant in South Carolina will not be cut. "We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees," Vice President of Engineering John Hamilton said in an email to employees Monday. Layoffs are planned for June 23, Hamilton said. Boeing… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news Boeing plans more layoffs affecting hundreds of engineers: sourceNEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co warned employees on Monday that it plans another round of involuntary layoffs that will affect hundreds of engineers, according to... Reuters 15 hours ago - Business Boeing plans hundreds of layoffs for engineers this weekBoeing told engineering staff in a memo Monday that hundreds of layoff notices will be issued Friday. Seattle Times 12 hours ago - Business Boeing to dismiss hundreds of engineers amid sales slowdownBoeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations -- and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends... New Zealand Herald 12 hours ago - Business Other recent news in Business Cleveland shooting the latest crime video on FACEBOOK NETFLIX on the verge of hitting 100 million subscribers Netflix, Weetabix, UNITED AIRLINES: Everything that matters this morning Meet Trump's designated driver of WALL STREET deregulation Facebook to review handling of videos after CLEVELAND killing NZ dollar gains vs yen after failed NORTH KOREA missile test Google takes Android search blow in RUSSIA GOVERNMENT funding for healthcare workers welcomed BOEING to dismiss hundreds of engineers amid sales slowdown The man spending millions to break Elon Musk's ties with DONALD TRUMP Twitter aeroroldy RT @speea: Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/8UdptCsqXz via @PSBJ 2 hours ago Backlink RT @PHLSmallBiz: Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/uDmHLVcvBD #Philly #Tech 3 hours ago James K. RT @PHLSmallBiz: Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/uDmHLVcvBD #Philly #Tech 3 hours ago Olivia Tomlin Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/uDmHLVcvBD #Philly #Tech 3 hours ago Miles Frenzetta Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/bQJqrQVtOk #Tech 3 hours ago KRenner RT @chicagonewsnow: Boeing's next layoffs will cut hundreds of engineers https://t.co/NzlIhgN3nC #chicago 3 hours ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Mike Pence Prince Harry Barack Obama Current Topics Facebook Arkansas US Supreme Court Grizzlies Bernie Sanders Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Fate of the Furious (Fast & Furious 8) Everybody Duck! There's a Near-Miss On The Horizon Brace Yourself - Samsung Could Be Bringing Back a Relic Why Russia Won't Be Attending This Year's Eurovision - And Why It's a Very Big Deal Will This Invention Destroy The Water Bottle? Why Is This Burger King Commercial Causing So Many Complaints? MTV Film And TV Awards Set To Go Gender-Neutral Which Country Just Banned UBER This Week? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit ETF Strategist Trading the World My Success Story Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Dow closes at session highs as Street's overseas tension concerns ease Fred Imbert | Berkeley Lovelace Jr. 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Pisani: It's growth that matters    11 Hours Ago | 01:15 U.S. equities closed higher on Monday as a weekend filled with geopolitical worries ended more calmly than investors expected, while bank stocks charged ahead. The Dow Jones industrial average closed more than 180 points higher as Boeing and Goldman Sachs contributed the most gains on the 30-stock index. The S&P 500 gained 0.86 percent, with financials leading advancers. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) rose more than half a percent after the top two Wells Fargo executives bought $5 million worth of Wells stock. The Nasdaq composite closed up 0.8 percent. "I think this is a relief rally," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given geopolitical conditions. show chapters Is the market overvalued?    12 Hours Ago | 03:14 U.S. stocks also rose higher on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without incorporating the border adjustment tax. The SPDR S&P Retail ETF rose more than 1 percent, led by Rent-A-Center up almost 6 percent. Vice President Mike Pence said the "era of strategic patience" with North Korea was over. Pence made the comments on the border between North and South Korea a day after North Korea's failed missile test. The Trump administration is working with China and its allies on a response to North Korea's missile program. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." Getty Images Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on January 5, 2017, in New York City. James Smigiel, managing director at SEI, said the rise in stocks may be a byproduct of low trading volumes after the Easter holiday. "I think it's somewhat counter-intuitive that we're up this much," he said. "We didn't get anything good today, ... yet the market keeps on finding reasons to trade up. The benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since Nov. 17 before bouncing back to trade around 2.23 percent. Gold futures, which had been a popular trade over the past week, also traded off its session highs. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded about 8 percent lower near 15. The index briefly broke above 16 last week. Investors went home on Thursday on edge after the U.S. dropped "the mother of all bombs" in Afghanistan. The U.S. used GBU-43 bomb on a cave complex believed to have ISIS fighters. Meanwhile, earnings season was set to kick into full gear this week, with Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and eBay, among others, set to report this week. Netflix was also set to report Monday after the close. Investors have high hopes for first-quarter earnings, with Wall Street expecting the best season since 2011. But it's the second-quarter guidance that has Nick Raich of The Earnings Scout worried. In a Monday note, The Earnings Scout's CEO said that just six of the 29 S&P 500 components that had reported also raised their second-quarter estimates, while 18 lowered them. "It remains highly likely that 2Q 2017 EPS estimates will go lower as more companies report and this week, there will be 69 more companies in the S&P 500 reporting," Raich said. In economic news, the Empire State index hit 5.2 in April, well below the 16.4 print reached in March. The NAHB survey showed sentiment among homebuilders slipped. The so-called hard economic data have softened recently. On Friday, the Labor Department said the consumer prices index — a key gauge of inflation — posted its biggest drop in more than two years in March, while the Commerce Department said retail sales dropped more than expected last month. In turn, market expectations for a Federal Reserve rate hike in June have slipped. But writing off tighter monetary policy — even near term — might be premature, said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "It's going to take a lot for the Fed to pull back from its path to normalization," she said. "I think the Fed will tolerate more weakness" before deviating from its path. Investors also focused on the outcome of France's presidential election. Polls suggest a growing number of voters are turning away from mainstream parties, according to Reuters. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average closed 183 points higher, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636, with Boeing leading advancers and Exxon Mobil the top decliner. The S&P 500 gained 20 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349, with financials leading all 11 sectors higher. The Nasdaq advanced 51 points, or 0.89 percent, to trade at 5,856. About two stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 703 million and a composite volume of 2.806 billion in afternoon trade. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Netflix, United Continental, JB Hunt, M&T Bank, Celanese, Barracuda Networks, Pinnacle Financial 4:00 p.m. TIC data Tuesday Earnings: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Johnson and Johnson, UnitedHealth, Charles Schwab, Comerica, Yahoo, Harley-Davidson, Progressive, Omnicom, GNC Holdings, Intuitive Surgical, 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, American Express, eBay, Morgan Stanley, US Bancorp, TD Ameritrade, Textron, CSX, Canadian Pacific Railway, Qualcomm, Abbott Labs, Steel Dynamics, SLM 2:00 p.m. Beige book Thursday Earnings: Travelers, Verizon, Blackstone, Philip Morris, ABB, Bank of NY Mellon, Alliance Data, PPG Industries, Imax, MGIC Investment, KeyCorp, Nucor, Janus, Visa, Sonoco Products, Sherwin-Williams, Mattel, NCR, Danaher 8:30 a.m. Weekly claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed Friday Earnings: General Electric, Honeywell, NextEra Energy, Kansas City Southern, Schlumberger, Rockwell Collins, Stanley Black and Decker, SunTrust, Morningstar, Steve Madden 9:45 a.m. Manufacturing PMI 10:00 a.m. Existing home sales Fred ImbertNews Associate Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Aviation News: Jeppesen and UTair Airlines Sign Charting and Navigation Services Agreement Englewood, Colo. | 17 Apr 2017 | By Jeppesen Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, recently signed a five-year service agreement with Russian air carrier UTair Airlines to provide digital air navigation information for the airline’s electronic flight bag (EFB) platform. Implementation of Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on iPad will provide UTair flight crews with key flight and operation information. “Use of FliteDeck Pro as a part of EFB solution will allow for reduction of pilot pre-flight preparation time and availability of all flight information at pilots’ fingertips,” said Andrey Sitnyansky, senior vice president and flight director of UTair. “By implementing new technological solutions we not only provide flight crews with digital tools in order to increase their efficiency, but also reduce their workload”. Implementation of FliteDeck Pro will eliminate operational paper content from UTair aircraft, which improves fuel consumption based on weight reduction. FliteDeck Pro features real-time, data driven flight information for all phases of flight, and is displayed per the preferences of the pilot. FliteDeck Pro also significantly reduces pilot workload through automated processes. “UTair airlines is one of the leading air carriers on the Russian market and we are proud to provide them with the tools to continue their digital transformation,” said Dmitry Kolb, Jeppesen regional account director, Middle East, Russia, Central Asia and Africa. „Eliminating cumbersome paper based materials through use of Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro improves pilot workflow and optimizes operational efficiency by providing all essential flight information.” Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure air navigation accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide official aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Utair UTair Aviation is the core enterprise of UTair Group, which includes companies performing aircraft operations with fixed and rotary wing aircraft as well as enterprises offering MRO, personnel training, flight services and air transportation sales services. In 2016 the UTair Aviation fleet transported 6,654, 417 passengers, demonstrating 20.1% increase in comparison with 2015. During high season, UTair flies to 170 destinations, including 65 unique destinations. Currently UTair fleet includes more than 60 modern aircraft. Major airline’s hub is Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, which serves over 160 UTair flights every day. With its headquarter located in Surgut, UTair has been an IOSA-compliant airline since 2008. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cradlepoint Announces 2017 Global Partner Summit to Explore the Power of 4G LTE and the Future of 5G Next PostNext Merakify your business: Or what the company can teach you about simplicity Search Recent Posts Ultra-Light Aircraft Market Set to Surge Significantly During 2017 – 2025 Automobile Meters Market to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2025 Global Motorcycle Lighting Market 2017 – LEDGlow Lighting, Lazer Star Lights, Lightning Motors Corp. AltaPacific Bancorp Terminates Merger Agreement Solcon Industriesの中電圧DriveStartが世界で成功を収める Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Japan jet may not make money, but aims to revive dormant industry By Reuters Published: 19:04 EDT, 17 April 2017 | Updated: 19:04 EDT, 17 April 2017 e-mail By Tim Kelly and Maki Shiraki TOKYO, April 18 (Reuters) - The Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ) has been delayed five times and faces rising costs, yet its future as the vanguard of Japanese-built passenger jets seems assured by the corporate muscle behind it and a government set on reviving an aerospace industry dismantled after World War Two. The delays - the new 90-seat plane was due to take off in 2013, but the first delivery is not now seen until 2020 - have dented its chances of commercial success as established regional jet makers, Brazil's Embraer SA and Canada's Bombardier Inc, catch up with its innovations, and China and Russia flex their aerospace ambitions. But the Japanese government's primary goal isn't to make money for Mitsubishi Aircraft, the MRJ's manufacturer, rather it's to have the plane cement an industry revival that failed to take off half a century ago with Japan's last passenger plane, the YS-11. "Rather than a simple question of whether it makes a profit or loss, what is more important is will it over the longer term be the foundation of a strong aerospace industry," a government source who is helping the programme told Reuters. He asked not to be identified as he is not authorized to talk to the media. Presentation documents prepared by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry, seen by Reuters, see the MRJ as the first in a three-generation programme stretching beyond 2060. With the plane still awaiting U.S.-standard certification for commercial flights, signed-up customers are banking on the backing of big-name Japanese companies to see the project through. Mitsubishi Aircraft Corp is 64 percent-owned by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, with Toyota Motor Corp and Mitsubishi Corp each holding a 10 percent stake. Other shareholders include state-owned Development Bank of Japan, Sumitomo Corp and Mitsui &amp; Co. "Not a bad list," says Jep Thornton, a partner at Aerolease Aviation in Florida which has ordered 10 of the planes. "This is coming from the government sector, the financial sector and the investor sector." Launch customer ANA Holdings, Japan's biggest carrier, says it won't walk away from its order for 15 MRJs even as it has to keep older aircraft flying and leases four Boeing 737-800 aircraft to make up for a capacity shortfall. "We want this plane in our fleet and although we have been on stand-by for a while, we await it with anticipation," said Yuji Hirako, who runs All Nippon Airways. RE-WIRING The plane's latest delay, announced in January, can be dated back more than 20 years - six years before Mitsubishi even considered a passenger jet - when a Boeing 747 plunged into the Atlantic, killing 230 people. Investigators blamed a short circuit that ignited a fuel tank fire, prompting the U.S. Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) to tighten wiring certification in 2007. Mitsubishi, which had by then begun work on the MRJ, overlooked the change, said two people with knowledge of the project. "Mitsubishi was clearly aware of it but did not apply it to the design," said one, who didn't want to be named as he is not authorised to talk to the media. Hundreds of engineers wiring the MRJ did so without using a common design framework incorporating the new rule. So, when asked by Japanese regulators certifying the jet to FAA standards how it complied with the stricter standard, Mitsubishi Aircraft faced a time-consuming task to explain each twist and turn in the 23,000 wires snaking through the plane's fuselage. "They decided it would be easier to start from scratch," the second person said. In response to Reuters queries, Mitsubishi Aircraft said: "We were aware of the regulation in our early phase of design, so it is not accurate to say we overlooked the regulation. Our design was made reflecting the regulations, but we made a subsequent decision to relocate certain systems for a better design. System location was the main reason for requiring wiring changes and the re-routing ensures we meet the highest safety standards." Four of the five delays so far have been caused to some degree by similar failures to document work for certification, forcing engineers to redo some of their work, said Yugo Fukuhara, vice president and general manager of sales and marketing at Mitsubishi Aircraft, adding the company is hiring ex-Boeing engineers and other foreign experts to help it better navigate FAA rules. BREAKING EVEN? Mitsubishi Aircraft has orders for 233 MRJs, and aims to sell more than 1,000 of the planes over two decades. The company declined to say how many planes it has to sell to break even. Based on presentations by Mitsubishi Heavy, the first four delays doubled the MRJ's development cost, and the latest delay could add another 30 percent - taking total spending to 350 billion yen ($3.17 billion), equivalent to the value of 67 list-price MRJs. At the average operating margin of 7.84 percent at commercial planemakers including Embraer, Boeing and Airbus over the past three years, the profit per MRJ plane would be $3.7 million, according to Reuters calculations. At that rate of return, Mitsubishi Aircraft would need to sell more than 800 of the planes to cover its costs. "Assume a very conservative 30 percent discount to the list price, then re-do. That probably brings us to 1,200 jets, and they'll never get there," said Richard Aboulafia, an analyst at Teal Group, when asked about Reuters' estimate. A more realistic number, he says, would be 30 aircraft a year over 25 years, adding up to sales of around 750 MRJs. "We understand that the commercial aircraft business is a long-term investment, and we expect to absorb the development costs over the long run," Mitsubishi Aircraft told Reuters. "We see this as the creation of a new industry, establishing supply chains and a regulatory certification process," said Fukuhara, the sales and marketing manager, in his office at Nagoya Airport. "I don't think it will end with the MRJ." ($1 = 110.4700 yen) (Reporting by Tim Kelly and Maki Shiraki, with additional reporting by Allison Lampert in MONTREAL and Brad Haynes in SAO PAULO; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS After eight weeks, a dozen suspects and 100s of theories that had millions gripped, the beast of Broadchurch is finally unmasked. JAN MOIR gives her view  'We want to tie the knot on a beach: Ferne McCann discusses MARRIAGE plans with boyfriend Arthur as they pose for their first shoot together Pregnant Katie Price goes underwear free while dolled-up in shock throwback snap taken minutes before daughter Bunny's caesarean birth Baby memories Family getaway! David Beckham holds hands with Harper as he takes his kids for a flight out of LA for Victoria's birthday Rounding up the troops Birthday girl Victoria Beckham is serenaded by the paparazzi in sweet video as she arrives at LAX on her 43rd Spoiled rotten Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Well damn, I was not expecting that!' Final ever episode of Broadchurch leaves viewers breathless as the identity of the serial rapist is revealed at last  Pensive Mel B is pictured for the first time since it's claimed she is 'seeking help for emotional abuse' amid bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'He is 100 per cent smitten': Magazine makes bizarre claims Kylie Minogue, 48, has been 'quietly dating' Prince Andrew, 57 after splitting from fiance 'Obsessed with these undies!' Lingerie-clad Iskra Lawrence shows off her famed curves in barely-there nude thong with cleavage boosting bra  'She made an absolute show of herself': Yazmin Oukhellou slams Danielle Armstrong for 'dancing like an animal' as she and James Lock discuss THAT row Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend 'Feeling warm and fuzzy' Booty-ful and casual! Kim Kardashian shows off her backside in sweats and a T-shirt... from her kimoji line After family filled Easter weekend Brad Pitt cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out ahead of filming new 'hostile' space movie Ad Astra  His rugged good looks made him a household name Animal attraction! Blac Chyna wears cheetah print tracksuit as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Pushing the limits of fashion Poppy Delevingne shows off her stunning bikini body as she poses with model Jessica Hart in playful Coachella snap Socialite and model 'I love Delta!' Seal gushes about his The Voice co-star Goodrem amid ongoing romance rumours... after Boy George admitted British star 'fancies' her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her flawless figure in a palm-print bathing suit as she yachts it up for husband José Bastón's birthday Not a Wellard decision! Dean Gaffney delightedly announces EastEnders comeback as Robbie Jackson... 14 years after departing beloved role 'God, I'll be in trouble!': Ollie Locke throws shade at Sam Faiers' baby name... as he reveals he knows what Binky Felstead is planning to call her girl The great sporting dynasty's family name was disgraced when Julius Cowdrey cheated on Ella Willis on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  He's a baby boy Harper Beckham sings Happy Birthday to her mother in heart-warming Instagram clip as she, David and Cruz pay tribute to Victoria on her 43rd Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in smart blazer and matching LBD at premiere of Netflix dramedy Girlboss This Oscar winner is indeed her own girl boss Harry Styles goes beatnik as he meets up with pals in SoHo... while first solo single debuts at number four on US Billboard chart (but with low sales) EXCLUSIVE 'I encouraged him': Sam Faiers' beau Paul Knightley "shares" snap ... days after confession that she CONTROLS his social media  'Photo fail!' Kelly Osbourne and sister-in-law Lisa enjoy a dip in the pool in matching bikinis in sizzling snap... but fans are in hysterics over her 'baby arm' Fadi Fawaz emerges from boyfriend George Michael's £5m mansion amid speculation the late singer's family want to evict him from London home Bob Harper arrives at Broadway opening of Groundhog Day after recuperating from recent heart attack The actor is lucky to be alive Emmerdale splits opinion as fans slam Cain Dingle and Harriet Finch's blossoming romance on Twitter... while others claim they make a 'great couple'  'She thinks you're an easy Canadian!' Olivia and Mimi come to blows, Julius has a confession to make and Sam throws a drink at Jamie in Made In Chelsea  Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix parties in the pool on $5M estate following smash Coachella performance Garrix recently defended his pal Justin  CBeebies presenter Andy Day's tight trousers send mums into meltdown as he joins children TV star Mr Tumble as an unlikely sex symbol  Toxic tea, a lethal umbrella... the KGB love a very British murder: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Last Night's TV  Murder mysteries Air Jordyn! Kylie Jenner and favourite sidekick Woods jet out from Coachella on private plane Enjoyed a weekend high on partying Keeping up with North! Kim Kardashian attempts to wrangle camera shy daughter and dotes on Saint at Easter party Feeling a little Peaky Blinder? A sleepy looking Paul Anderson swaps his period costume for hooded top and ripped jeans... as the hit show cast begin shooting fourth series Drew Barrymore looks gorgeous as she poses in black gown at star-studded Turtle Ball A cavalcade of showbiz figures paraded across the green carpet  'Channeling Tinkerbell!' Julianne Hough wears sequined gown with top knot for Disney week at Dancing With The Stars Shimmering dress Did therapist's daughter Meghan help Harry to confront his pain? Speculation Prince spoke out on his mental health battles after finding happiness  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Eugenie wins a promotion - despite all those holidays: Princess is made a director of London art gallery where she works David Bradley will join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord The 75-year-old will help the current Doctor 'He found all the eggs!' Wiz Khalifa shares heartwarming snaps of his Easter Sunday with son Sebastian at 'paradise' Airbnb before slaying at Coachella Back in her lingerie! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in plunging white teddy as she shares behind-the-scenes look from photo shoot Hit Netflix show 13 Reasons Why accused of 'risky' suicide messages and is blamed for a 'growing number of calls' to teenage helplines  TOWIE's Chris Clark parties with Katie Price in wake of Jesy Nelson split... hours after BLASTING 'absurd' reports Little Mix romance was a 'publicity stunt'  No wonder she was a Bond girl! Jane Seymour, 66, looks unrecognisable in blonde wig and VERY sexy babydoll lingerie to play sex-crazed neighbour  'Weekend escapes': Lara Bingle jets off to Mexico on private plane for a relaxing getaway... after FINALLY revealing name of her newborn son Working it! Jennifer Hudson is spring ready in florals before changing into black as she does the talk show circuit She is a talented actress and singer  Orange crush! Ashley Benson stands out in New York in bright citrus-colored satin suit and nude top The Pretty Little Liars actress, 27, left the long jacket open Bright Bella! Thorne cuts a colorful figure as she teams hot pink T-shirt with green hair Her Freeform show Famous In Love is set to debut on Tuesday Spring is here! Jon Hamm suns his legs in shorts as he enjoys a stroll around his new neighbourhood  Mad Men star was enjoying a stroll in Los Feliz Harry Potter star David Bradley set to join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord Latched! Lena Dunham 'enjoyed wearing fake lactation nipples' for breastfeeding-themed Girls finale The final ever episode aired Sunday night  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging leopard print bikini as she shares another sexy selfie from her Seychelles getaway She's body confident! Demi Lovato bares her curves as she shares sultry swimsuit picture  She's on a drive to promote body positivity. Twinning! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear cut casual figures in denim and T-shirts as they return from shopping in Sydney's city centre Shirtless Chris Pratt reveals his impressive six-pack in Guardians of the Galaxy 2 teaser His shirtless ripped physique set temperatures rising Charlie Hunnam flexes his muscle on outing with longtime love Morgana McNelis... after spilling details on his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage  Strike a pose! Madonna's adopted twins Esther and Stella playfully try on the singer's wigs as they dress up in fairy outfits for sweet Instagram snap  'Expectation vs Reality!': Susanna Reid teases her fans with a no make-up selfie as she prepares to go back to work on GMB On her day off A very busty Britney! Kate Upton reveals her cleavage in a plunging top as she performs Spears' hit One More Time 'Happy birthday my Spicy sister': Emma Bunton and Mel C share sweet throwback snaps as they pay tribute to Victoria Beckham on her 43rd birthday 'She is a strong girl and she is resilient': Former Home And Away star Samara Weaving becomes latest target of nude photo leak Lovely in layers! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen enjoy coffee break as they rock their unique oversized style Footballer Jamie O'Hara condemns 'sick' acid attack on a London nightclub after revealing his cousin was among the 12 people injured  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her bump in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to fiance Michael O'Neill during family holiday with her three sons in Marbella BGT star groomed for stardom by her parents: Sarah Ikumu started singing at the age of FIVE in a church choir and has entered a string of competitions since Bikini malfunction! Ireland Baldwin falls out of her tiny swimsuit while sunbathing with friend  Busty Baldwin  'It's Jed Sheeran!': Singer Ed mimics Jedward's Irish accent in hilariously unlikely friendship video... after the twins boasted about a future collaboration  'Brave little guy!': Leonardo DiCaprio's ex-girlfriend Kendal Schuler gives birth to her first child Ryka Lee 'on the bathroom floor at home' Why ARE TV wildlife stars all so DOTTY? As Countryfile star admits scarring her arm for life as a love tribute to her partner we round up some of the other bizarre admissions  'We're not married, but this was my offering': Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison PAID to have her arm scarred ten times to show her devotion to her partner Passion in paradise! Heidi Klum, 43, cuddles boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic vacation in Costa Rica Costa Romance  EXCLUSIVE Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes rollerblading in Central Park as he prepares for 58th surgery... an £8,000 eye colour change in India Lottie Moss shows off enviably slender figure and washboard abs in skimpy black bikini as she tops up her tan in LA Caitlyn Jenner reveals she will never have sex with a woman again - but says she may sleep with a man after her gender reassignment surgery Smitten Serena Williams looks delighted as she is swept off her feet by fiance Alexis Ohanian in romantic beach photo All tennis love  Split! Kim Kardashian's close friend La La Anthony separates from NY Knicks basketball star husband Carmelo after seven years of marriage Jersey Shore star 'The Situation' pleads not guilty in latest tax fraud case as he stands accused of claiming luxury car and clothing purchases as 'business expenses' 'Best you've ever looked!': Fans go wild for TOWIE's James 'Arg' Argent and his new slimline look as his rehab stint in Thailand comes to an end Victory lap! Model Brittny Ward puckers up to racing driver boyfriend Jenson Button... before sharing a sizzling snap of her perky posterior Busty Ashley James puts on a seriously eye-popping display in plunging printed bikini top as she soaks up the sun on last day of Coachella Rihanna dons a rhinestone bodysuit and P Diddy supplies a 'TOW-TRUCK full' of Ciroc vodka at star-studded Coachella party  Liam Payne's bikini-clad ex Danielle Peazer just about protects her modesty with ice cream appliques over sheer cups as she sizzles at Coachella  Prince's secret life revealed: New documents show singer's house was littered with pills, police found drug-laden suitcase in his alias 'Peter Bravestrong'  Back to work! Honest Company co-founder Jessica Alba heads to Success Makers Summit in NYC after cutting short her Easter celebration in LA Take your pup to work day! Gigi Hadid carries Zayn Malik's French bulldog as she wears double denim on her way to meeting in NYC The show must go on! Khloe Kardashian poses in her undies as it's announced Revenge Body has been picked up for a second season All-new episodes Dating again? Carmen Electra, 44, is radiant as she hits another Coachella event with Tommy Lee who she romanced nearly 20 years ago 'Still got it!' Victoria Beckham swoons over hunky husband David as she shares shirtless snap of the star showing off his football skills during family weekend Megan McKenna is unrecognisable with toned-down makeup and extension-free locks in 2011 throwback photos before her TOWIE glam-over FIRST LOOK! Lady Gaga rocks out with Bradley Cooper in sneak peek of hotly anticipated remake of The Star Is Born All the greats! Picture perfect family: Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos wear matching pink for sweet Easter outing with their kids 'Sorry Sam Callahan': Euromillions winner Jane Park taunts ex with intimate Snapshat shot next to Scottish reality star Brian Matthews For the love of fashion! Katy Perry nearly drowns in high-necked dress for Vogue... as she reveals she's been seeing a therapist for five years Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL rounds up the weekend's best Coachella outfits posted to social media from stars like Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner and more Body confident Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio wears netted dress over bikini as she holds hands with beau Oliver Ripley at Coachella Sheerly not? Leona Lewis shows off her black lace bra in a see-through mesh top and tiny denim shorts as she hits Coachella Bleeding Love singer Big bag theory! Casual Kaley Cuoco carries huge tote on outing with boyfriend Karl Cook  The couple were spotted out for Easter dinner on Sunday  'It's a strange feeling': Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall confesses he feels 'emotional' as the third and final series of hit show reaches climax Mom's the word! Drew Barrymore is in her element as she picnics in Central Park with daughters Olive and Frankie 'Mummy's little Easter bunny!' Billie Faiers shares sweet snap of newborn son Arthur as she celebrates Easter with her family Happy families Tickled pink! Hilary Duff wears over-the-top shiny frock while filming scenes for TV series Younger Pretty in pink  'It's embarrassing to say the least': Danielle Armstrong 'barred from Essex hotspot' following shock brawl with TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock 'I can still wear it!' Pregnant Binky Felstead flaunts her blooming baby bump in pretty fringed bikini Made In Chelsea beauty is expecting her first child 'He's ready to move on': Ben Affleck has 'moved out of family home and is dating someone else' in the midst of divorce with Jennifer Garner Reese Witherspoon looks radiant as she jets out of LAX after attending Coachella and helping Jennifer Garner celebrate her 45th birthday Expanding their family! Friday Night Lights star Scott Porter reveals wife expecting second baby... after testing positive for Huntington's disease Kate Hudson the boho babe goes braless in flowing frock with a plunging neckline on Easter Sunday Hopping around  'My sweetie!' Katie Holmes wraps arms around daughter Suri Cruise and enjoys a jet ski ride on Easter retreat Ola Jordan flaunts her tan in tiny bikini as she enjoys romantic Maldives break with James... after sharing jaw-dropping throwback snap of the couple Laughing off the breakup! Olivia Munn is in great spirits as she heads to Canada to resume filming on Predator two weeks after Aaron Rodgers split 'I'm more sustainable with my fashion': Anne Hathaway models dress she bought for $15 at a flea market as she says buying vintage helps the planet = Sean Spicer thinks it will be 'good for Saturday Night Live' if Alec Baldwin drops his 'bad and mean' role as President Trump Lily Collins steps out as she reveals 'absolutely epic' message of encouragement from former First Lady Michelle Obama Newly-single Jesy Nelson flashes her abs as she jets back to UK with Perrie Edwards amid claims TOWIE's Chris Clark romance was a 'publicity stunt' Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display as she squeezes her curves into a skimpy bikini during Easter getaway in Italy Beach babe Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly bear a striking resemblance to Laurel and Hardy as they transform into the comedy duo to film biopic Rebekah Vardy shows off her cleavage in a plunging playsuit as she heads to Joe Hart's 30th birthday bash with footballer husband Jamie 'We enjoy jungle sex!': Rapper Ice-T, 59, says he uses 'oil and figure skates' to 'accommodate' wife Coco Austin, 38, between the sheets 'The happiest experience I've ever had on a film': Hollywood star Sam Neill fondly recalls working with late satirist John Clarke on a movie that led to their lifelong friendship Pregnant Bristol Palin proudly shows off her growing baby bump in a tight dress, as her 16-year-old sister Piper poses for prom photos in Alaska Just the two of us! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo hold hands on romantic lunch date without baby Dusty Rose Cute couple Water great figure! Braless Jennifer Aniston flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she poses up a storm for drinks campaign Bringing in the baby wrangler: Terry Richardson shares snap of girlfriend Skinny and Martha Stewart as the unlikely friends spend Easter together  Unsealed search warrants show Prince was struggling with opioid addiction and had been secretly dating a former Voice contestant for two years Sweet Harper Beckham shows off her long Rapunzel locks as she joins her family at Victoria's birthday dinner in Malibu Family time Justin Bieber in the clear over 'head-butting a guest at a pre-Grammys party'... after police drop the investigation 'due to lack of cooperation' Sofia Richie shows off her toned abs in a white bikini top and red boiler suit as she enjoys Coachella day party In Palm Springs over the weekend She's a real daredevil! Tony Hawk's eight-year-old daughter proves she inherited her father's skills as he gives her a skateboarding lesson on their ramp at home Happy Easter from the Wests! Kim Kardashian shares adorable family photo featuring Kanye and children North and Saint Wests and their children Melissa Tkautz hopes to use Real Housewives of Sydney to relaunch her acting career with a role in a new horror film about a giant killer PIG She's back! Ruby Rose will return for season five of Orange Is The New Black after using the Netflix drama to launch her Hollywood career  Barbara Palvin flaunts her cleavage and enviably long legs in a plunging black swimsuit for sizzling snapshot  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Eleanor Calder looks leggy in denim hotpants alongside boyfriend Louis Tomlinson at Coachella... as they put LAX paparazzi scuffle behind them 'Baking some buns': April Love Geary shows off her tanned derriere in a tiny bikini as she enjoys blissful break with boyfriend Robin Thicke in the Maldives That's how it's Dunn! Leggy Jourdan shows off her supermodel shape in two skimpy outfits as she parties up a storm at Coachella   Catwalk strut Sixties style! Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her legs in retro crochet mini dress and cute pigtails as she dresses to impress for another day at Coachella Thom Evans hits Coachella with his shirtless brother Max... amid claims newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh has 'set her sights on' the hunk Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her trim bikini body at Coachella in a purple two-piece... after admitting to threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Kendall Jenner 'attends Coachella pot party with A$AP Rocky' and even shows her support by sporting his goggles... as things heat up between the pair Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage in a plunging silk negligee and stockings as she transforms into a bunny girl for saucy LOVE Easter video FAMILY AFFAIR: Melania and Barron join President Trump at the White House for annual Easter Egg Roll - while Sean Spicer reads to children Keeping fit! Lara Trump shows off her baby bump in a crop top while out on an Easter morning run, before taking her beloved pet dogs to the White House Tiffany Trump brings Democrat boyfriend to celebrate Easter with the president and her family in Florida - while mother Marla Maples spends day in Rome Charlie Hunnam says getting hitched to actress Katharine Towne at age 18 ended in three 'terrible, painful years' of marriage Head over heels  He's been on daddy duties! Beaming Alec Baldwin sports colourful stickers all over his face as he enjoys laid back dog walk with wife Hilaria Touching moment Princess Eleonore of Belgium surprises her father King Philippe with a violin recital as they celebrate their birthdays one day apart Liam Payne renting out £8m LA mansion with meditation teahouse, resort style pool and vineyard for £32k a month as he settles in Sussex with Cheryl Katy Perry flashes her flat stomach in a white side-split maxidress at Coachella... after ex Orlando Bloom was spotted cosying up to a mystery blonde Looking (Coach)Hella good! Rihanna flaunts her enviably lean legs in thigh high boots and quirky denim gown as she parties at music festival Brooklyn Beckham cuts a stylish figure as he cuddles up to glamorous singer Lexy Panterra at Coachella party  Making friends 'She basically coached me': Zoella reveals how Cameron Diaz help her get back to 'a good place' after she became overwhelmed by fame and wanted to quit Celebrities who have faced their own battles with grief praise 'brave' Prince Harry as charities say he is helping to change attitudes Katie Price flashes her tanned and toned pins as she poses in skimpy underwear for sexy selfie... but fans are more concerned with the mess in her kitchen Her breast move! Tove Lo flashes her chest in a crop top as she takes to the stage at Coachella alongside Wiz Khalifa Didn't disappoint with her stage show 'She's so fierce, smart and cool': Emma Watson reveals why she felt a 'connection' to Belle in Beauty And The Beast Saw herself in the role 'It was the scariest moment': Caprice reveals that she was diagnosed with a BRAIN TUMOUR during The Jump and biggest fear was for her sons Popular comic duo accuse BGT's Adam Keeler of 'blatantly copying' their act... as David Walliams lends his support to veteran double act Have Britain's Got Talent mind-reading duo 'conned' viewers? Star act DNA are revealed to be PROFESSIONAL magic consultants who have performed globally Alessandra Ambrosio and her daughter Anja, eight, match in pretty lace dresses as the proud model mum watches her mini me perform at Coachella Kim Kardashian does Easter! Real lambs, fluffy rabbits and TWO Easter bunnies (with Kanye West and John Legend in costume) Eggs-cellent show Cheers to that! Playful Kris Jenner wears bunny ears and a purple power suit as she downs champagne at Kim and Kanye's Easter party  Poppin' bottles Who is the Broadchurch rapist? As viewers await finale, here are the biggest suspects - including the cabbie, the shopkeeper and mechanic's WIFE Janet Jackson 'to reschedule 75 axed shows and pen album about motherhood' as she moves on after split from husband Wissam Al Mana Beach bliss! Heidi Klum showcases incredible bikini body as she gives boyfriend Vito Schnabel a kiss during Costa Rican getaway Bikini babe Olivia Palermo keeps it casual in a cream blouse and ripped skinny jeans as she gets her Easter caffeine fix   Fashion fan 'I didn't think MIC could get any crazier!' Steph Pratt and Toff dish on co-star Binky Felstead's pregnancy as they lament not being able to 'switch off' 'I would love kids': Prince Harry is now taking his personal life seriously after mental health battle and reveals children with Meghan may not be far away Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson 'sentenced to 270 days in LA County jail and five years probation after stabbing a woman during argument in 2015 ' Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon 'stressed out after shock meeting with cheating ex husband MC Harvey at charity benefit' Countryfile presenter Kate Humble, 48, admits she had a 'panic attack' over the thought of having children when she realised being a mother was not for her Egg-cellent effort! Victoria Beckham puts on eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit and bunny mask as she leads the pack of celebs celebrating Easter Magenta-haired Ariel Winter looks besotted with boyfriend Levi Meaden as they pack on the PDA during romantic evening at Coachella Cosying up in a corner Wedding faux pas! Chloe Khan commits fashion fail by wearing all-white as she shows off her slender waist in a crop top alongside gal pal Katie Salmon 'Where's the diversity?' Victoria's Secret provokes fury with its annual 'sexiest' women list - made up of 'young, white and thin' stars Hot mama spice! Geri Horner flaunts her sensational post-baby body in a retro chic one-piece as she enjoys the sun with family in Bahrain 'Her first Easter!' Rob Kardashian posts sweet Instagram snap of baby Dream dressed up in her floral bonnet Gushed over his five-month-old 'The most offensive place!' Drake blasts his exclusive Coachella digs as he accuses staff of 'racial profiling' One of the most exclusive locations  Desert stunner! Nicole Scherzinger wows in VERY revealing black crochet dress at Coachella Worn over a a black bikini-style bra Starry Eyed: Cooing Ellie Goulding can't keep her cool as she BOWS to legendary rapper Diddy and giggles hysterically after running into him in LA 'They're like bunny rabbits!' Joan Crawford rants about Bette Davis' sex life... before losing role to Olivia de Havilland in biographical drama Feud Did she run out of room in her suitcase? Ashley James shows serious sideboob as she goes brafree in crochet dress then sheer pants at Coachella Is Meghan going to defy Pippa's 'no ring, no bring' wedding ban? Actress books time off from filming Suits at the time of the big day A week's holiday in May Pregnant Binky Felstead drapes growing bump in chic Grecian maxi dress while flashing her endless legs through risque splits Party time! Maria Sharapova steps out in slinky black dress with lace accents as she celebrates birthday in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take their kids to Easter church service together... days after officially filing for divorce DS Steve Arnott cheated death. But it was still a disastrous week for AC-12 as they were out-maneuvered by Thandie Newton in Line Of Duty 'Getting a little too thin...': Lucy Mecklenburgh divides fans with her slender figure as she bares her gym-honed stomach in Coachella selfie Tyga who? Newly single Kylie Jenner flaunts bodacious behind in sheer black LBD as she hangs out with Travis Scott at Coachella bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing's Stock Gives The Dow The Biggest Boost After Plan To Cut 'hundreds' Of More Jobs ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing's Stock Gives The Dow The Biggest Boost After Plan To Cut 'hundreds' Of More Jobs By Tomi Kilgore Published April 17, 2017 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Boeing Co.'s stock surged 1.5% in afternoon trade Monday, to provide the biggest boost to the Dow Jones Industrial Average , after reports that the aerospace and defense giant was cutting more jobs. The stock's price gain of $2.62 was adding 18 points to the Dow, which was up 132 points. The second-biggest boost was from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares, which rose $1.76 to add 12 points to the Dow. Boeing was planning "hundreds" of more involuntary job cuts, focused on engineers at Seattle manufacturing plants, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing a staff memo. The notices will be issued on Friday, the WSJ report said. The company has already accepted about 1,800 voluntary buyouts, but said it needed to cut more jobs to meet its operating plan, the WSJ report said. Boeing's stock has rallied 15% year to date, while the Dow has gained 4.2%. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Home News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Grand Strand News Midlands News Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Get Fit Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Games Arts Photo Galleries Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Your Photos Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Marketplace Subscribe Real Estate e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Niche Magazine Delivery Coupons Advertising Interactive Media Kit Contests Charleston Deals Today Sponsored Content Subscribe Careers 64° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Sunshine and clouds mixed. High around 80F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 63F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 18, 2017 @ 1:56 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Close Buy Now Boeing Co. last month reported its lowest employment total at the company's North Charleston facilities since 2013. The company on Monday said it will lay off hundreds of engineers as commercial plane sales slump. File/Brad Nettles/Staff top story Boeing plans additional layoffs, but not at North Charleston facilities By David Wren dwren@postandcourier.com David Wren Apr 17, 2017 Updated 9 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Boeing Co. last month reported its lowest employment total at the company's North Charleston facilities since 2013. The company on Monday said it will lay off hundreds of engineers as commercial plane sales slump. File/Brad Nettles/Staff Boeing Co. said Monday it will hold another round of layoffs affecting hundreds of its engineers, but the aerospace giant's North Charleston operations — including the 787 Dreamliner campus — will again be spared by the job cuts. "The announcement made today involves a new round of involuntary layoffs in the engineering function, expected to impact hundreds of employees in Washington state and other locations around the enterprise," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said. "But Boeing South Carolina is not impacted by this announcement." This is the second round of involuntary layoffs this year, with a previously announced reduction of 245 workers set to take place on May 19. Boeing's North Charleston workers will not be affected by those cuts, either. Boeing, in a statement, said the newest round of layoffs, scheduled to begin June 23, is part of "an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future ..." John Hamilton, Boeing's vice president of engineering, told employees in a memo Monday that "additional reductions in engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition." Boeing has blamed competition from France-based rival Airbus and slowing commercial plane sales for the cutbacks, but the company's first-quarter numbers were 64 percent better than the same period a year ago. Boeing reported 198 net orders for new planes during the first three months of 2017 compared to 121 orders last year. Airbus reported just six net orders during the first quarter of this year. Already, more than 1,800 Boeing mechanics and engineers have been laid off or taken voluntary buyouts since the company first announced cost reductions in December. Those voluntary buyouts and unfilled positions are starting to show up in the company's North Charleston employment statistics. For the first time since 2013, the planemaker is reporting fewer than 7,500 workers at its North Charleston facilities. Boeing reported 7,455 employees and contractors as of March 30 — the lowest total since a 7,423 headcount in December 2013. Last month's figure represents an 11.6 percent decrease from a year ago. Employment at Boeing's North Charleston sites peaked at 8,432 in March 2014.   Reach David Wren at 843-937-5550 or on Twitter at @David_Wren_ Tags Boeing Co. North Charleston 787 Dreamliner Layoffs David Wren Follow David Wren Close Get email notifications on David Wren daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever David Wren posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow David Wren Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Latest Tweets A Twitter List by postandcourier Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Sorry, there are no recent results for popular articles. Collections Sorry, there are no recent results for popular collections. Poll See All Ads loading... Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds RSS Feed Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC Georgetown Times - Georgetown, SC South Strand News - Pawleys Island & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 News tips/online questions: webteam@postandcourier.com Delivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,636.92 183.67 0.90% S&P 500 2,349.01 20.06 0.86% Nasdaq 5,856.79 51.64 0.89% GlobalDow 2,660.84 -5.47 -0.21% Gold 1,284.50 -7.40 -0.57% Oil 52.64 -0.01 -0.02% S&P 500 Movers(%) NVDA 3.9 MTB 3.9 AMD 3.9 ARNC 3.1 INCY -10.5 DISH -5.8 LLY -4.1 CHK -3.4 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:02a France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01a Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47a What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35a H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34a South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33a PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24a Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52a China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52a China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States GS Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE GS U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Watchlist CreateGSAlert After Hours Last Updated: Apr 17, 2017 7:59 p.m. $ 228.00 1.74 0.77% After Hours Volume: 188.5K Close Chg Chg % $226.26 2.94 1.32% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 104.2% vs Avg. Volume: 4M 65 Day Avg. - 3.8M Open: 223.90 Close: 226.26 223.02 Day Low/High 226.88 Day Range 138.20 52 Week Low/High 255.15 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $223.90 Market Cap $88.83B Shares Outstanding 397.79M Public Float 370.27M Beta 1.35 Rev. per Employee $1.06M P/E Ratio 13.83 EPS $16.36 Yield 1.15% Dividend $0.65 Exercise Dividend Date Feb 28, 2017 Short Interest 4.48M 03/31/17 % of Float Shorted 1.21% Average Volume 3.84M Performance 5 Day -0.65% 1 Month -2.89% 3 Month -4.02% YTD -5.51% 1 Year 39.11% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Cabela’s sells banking assets to Synovus, clearing path for Bass Pro deal Apr. 17, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET by Liz Hoffman Stock market ends 3-session slide as bank shares rally Apr. 17, 2017 at 4:40 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Boeing's stock gives the Dow the biggest boost after plan to cut 'hundreds' of more jobs Boeing Co.'s stock surged 1.5% in afternoon trade Monday, to provide the biggest boost to the Dow Jones Industrial Average , after reports that the aerospace and defense giant was cutting more jobs. The stock's price gain of $2.62 was adding 18 points to the Dow, which was up 132 points. The second-biggest boost was from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares, which rose $1.76 to add 12 points to the Dow. Boeing was planning "hundreds" of more involuntary job cuts, focused on engineers at Seattle manufacturing plants, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing a staff memo. The notices will be issued on Friday, the WSJ report said. The company has already accepted about 1,800 voluntary buyouts, but said it needed to cut more jobs to meet its operating plan, the WSJ report said. Boeing's stock has rallied 15% year to date, while the Dow has gained 4.2%. Apr. 17, 2017 at 1:40 p.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore CEO average pay climbed more than $1 million in 2016 Apr. 13, 2017 at 6:51 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia J.P. Morgan earnings: Expect strong trading results, talk of regulations and tax reform Apr. 13, 2017 at 6:38 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Dow off 0.2%; S&P 500 opens 0.3% lower Dow off 0.2%; S&P 500 opens 0.3% lower Apr. 11, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET by Marek Fuchs How golfer Greg Norman became a one-man conglomerate Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:17 a.m. ET by Jason Notte 4 things to know about the Okta IPO Apr. 8, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET by Caitlin Huston Wal-Mart, Boeing's stocks doing the heavy lifting as Dow struggles to end week higher The Dow Jones Industrial Average's tentative afternoon gain on Friday was being almost entirely supported by a rise in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Boeing Co. Combined, Wal-Mart and Boeing's share gains were adding about 16 points to the blue-chip index , which was aiming for a close in positive territory for the day and week. However, Goldman Sach Group's 0.7% decline was helping to drag the gauge lower, cutting about 10 points from the price-weighted benchmark. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index was up less than a point at 2,357, and the Nasdaq Composite Index was trading flat at 5,881. Cautious trading Friday comes as disappointing March employment data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria weigh heavily on investor sentiment. Trump also is holding diplomatic talks with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Mar-a-lago, Fla., which is being closely followed for signs of geopolitical tensions. The U.S. strike against Syria and jobs report initially knocked stocks around but the market has shown an uncanny degree of resilience, hovering in the green, however slight. Apr. 7, 2017 at 12:57 p.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Tesla will win out in the end because it’s following the Amazon model Apr. 6, 2017 at 12:26 p.m. ET by Tim Mullaney White House’s Cohn backs return to Glass-Steagall law: report Apr. 6, 2017 at 10:51 a.m. ET by Greg Robb Deutsche Bank close to $8.5 billion stock sale Deutsche Bank AG was closing in on a successful $8.5 billion share sale Thursday, the final day for investors to opt in to a capital-raising long seen as necessary to put the German lender on firm financial footing, according to people familiar with the matter. Apr. 6, 2017 at 8:04 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Goldman Sachs's shares, up 1%, contributing about 15 points to Dow's early climb Goldman Sachs's shares, up 1%, contributing about 15 points to Dow's early climb Apr. 5, 2017 at 9:34 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Hedge funds may reap windfall after ruling on BofA mortgage bonds Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:21 p.m. ET by Serena Ng President Trump’s top four advisers collectively worth up to $1.9 billion Apr. 1, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. ET by Rebecca Ballhaus Dow's Q1 rally fueled mostly by Apple and Boeing, which offset Chevron's and Goldman's drag With about an hour left in the session, the stocks of Apple Inc. and Boeing Co. can be thanked the most for the Dow Jones Industrial Average's rally for the first three months of 2017, as they accounted for more than one-third of the Dow's 918-point gain for the quarter. Apple's stock rose $27.93, or 24%, during the quarter, to add about 191 points to the Dow, while and Boeing shares climbed $21.50, or 14%, to boost the Dow by 147 points. Rounding out the top 5, 3M Co. added 89 points to the Dow, Home Depot Inc. tacked on 87 points and Visa Inc. added 76 points. The biggest loser was Chevron Corp.'s stock which fell $10.33, or 8.8%, during the quarter to shave 71 points off the Dow. The next-biggest drag was Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares , which shed $9.67, or 4%, to lower the Dow by 66 points. In all, 23 of the 30 Dow components contributed to the Dow's gain. Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Stock market closes higher on bank-led gains after positive economic data Mar. 30, 2017 at 4:26 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Nike shares slip 0.8% at $56.25 to lead Dow's early decliners Nike shares slip 0.8% at $56.25 to lead Dow's early decliners Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Goldman shares rise 0.7% at $230.07 in early trade to top Dow's early gainers Goldman shares rise 0.7% at $230.07 in early trade to top Dow's early gainers Mar. 30, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Aviva looks to sell Friends Provident U.K.-based insurer Aviva PLC is looking to sell Friends Provident International Ltd., its unit that serves high-net-worth clients in Asia and the Middle East, in a deal that could fetch up to $750 million, according to people familiar with the situation. Mar. 28, 2017 at 2:39 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Synovus Agrees to Buy Cabela’s Banking Assets Synovus Financial said Monday it had agreed to buy the banking assets of Cabela’s, allowing the outdoor retailer’s $4.2 billion sale to rival Bass Pro Shops to proceed after hitting regulatory snags. Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:58 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Chain Inc. Hires Goldman’s Jessop Chain Inc. has hired a senior technology executive from Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Tom Jessop, to boost its efforts deploying the technology behind bitcoin. Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:51 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Constellation Brands Is a ‘Best in Class’ Growth Star Goldman Sachs adds the alcoholic beverage firm to its Conviction Buy list and expects shares to reach $200. Apr. 17, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET on Barron's Online 5 Things to Watch in Goldman Sachs’s Results Goldman Sachs Group is expected to report its first-quarter results before the market opens Tuesday. Here's what you need to know. Apr. 17, 2017 at 1:02 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal White House Intrigue A transcript of the weekend’s program on FOX News Channel. Apr. 17, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal As Good as It Gets at AMD? Chip maker Advanced Micro Devices is well-positioned to regain some valuable market share, but the stock already has had a good run. Apr. 16, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Fed Puts Together Plan to Unwind Securities Portfolio The Federal Reserve is moving quickly to fill in the details of how it will wind down its securities holdings in the years ahead, a process that could start this year and become the next big challenge for investors. Apr. 16, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Barron’s ranks the top consultants to institutional investors and profiles three firms. Apr. 15, 2017 at 1:13 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Commodities in Your Portfolio? It’s All Hogwash, Says Wall Street Dissenter With commodity prices at their highest level in years, Campbell Harvey, a Duke University finance professor, is itching to play the spoilsport again: He’s researching a new paper on the foolhardiness of commodities investing. Apr. 14, 2017 at 9:12 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer? In 2014 the beleaguered White House aide raised important moral questions about today’s capitalism. Apr. 13, 2017 at 7:36 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The Kushner-Cohn Ascendancy The Trump White House has more conservatives than Steve Bannon. Apr. 13, 2017 at 7:24 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal These Are the World’s Biggest Banks (Hint: U.S. Doesn’t Crack the Top Five) The world may be focusing on three of the biggest U.S. banks on Thursday as they report earnings for the first three months of the year, but none of them even crack the top five largest in terms of total assets. Apr. 13, 2017 at 2:18 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Aspen Mountain Property Asks $40 Million Adjacent to the Aspen Snowmass ski resort, the roughly 450-acre swath of land includes a two-bedroom cabin accessible either via ski, snowmobile or car in the summer. Apr. 13, 2017 at 10:31 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Why Goldman Expects Commodities to Keep Rallying Goldman Sachs says it's time to put more money into commodities than other assets and forecasts returns of 5% over the next three months. Apr. 13, 2017 at 8:36 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The Morning Risk Report: New U.K. Rule on Supplier Payment Practices Large U.K.-registered companies have a new compliance obligation: reporting on their practices and policies for making payments to suppliers. Apr. 13, 2017 at 7:31 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal As IPOs Heat Up, This Texas Bank Wants In Houston-based Cadence Bancorporation, a lender created from the rubble of the financial crisis, is testing investors’ appetite for new bank shares. Apr. 12, 2017 at 10:59 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks Weighed Down by Geopolitical Concerns U.S. stocks and government-bond yields edged lower as investors piled into haven assets. Financial and technology stocks were among the biggest losers. Apr. 11, 2017 at 6:36 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Bank Stocks Most Closely Linked to Trump’s Approval Rating Another way think about the "Trump trade" is that moves in certain corners of the stock market are tightly linked with approval ratings of the U.S. President. Apr. 11, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Altice USA IPO Seen Raising More Than $1 Billion Altice USA filed paperwork to go public, in an offering that would raise more than $1 billion and value the company at more than $20 billion, people familiar with the matter said. Apr. 11, 2017 at 10:18 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Dyal Capital to Buy 10% Stake in TPG Special Situations Partners A unit of investment manager Neuberger Berman is buying a 10% stake in credit investor TPG Special Situations Partners, a bet that alternative lenders have carved out a lasting niche on Wall Street. Apr. 11, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Stocks Rebound Despite Global Tension, Poor Data Stocks Rebound Despite Global Tension, Poor Data Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:53 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Synovus Agrees to Buy Cabela’s Banking Assets Synovus Financial said Monday it had agreed to buy the banking assets of Cabela’s, allowing the outdoor retailer’s $4.2 billion sale to rival Bass Pro Shops to proceed after hitting regulatory snags. Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:58 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Chain Inc. Hires Goldman’s Jessop Chain Inc. has hired a senior technology executive from Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Tom Jessop, to boost its efforts deploying the technology behind bitcoin. Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:51 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Dividend Growers To The Rescue As Stocks Retreat And Volatility Ticks Up [ibd-display-video id=449449]Dividend stocks have a reputation for cushioning the blow during market corrections and bear markets, and ETF investors have a reason to put them on the watchlist again. The stock market has traded in a sideways range since March 1, with the Dow and the S&P 500 falling under key chart levels last week. And on Thursday, the VIX, known as the "Fear Index", closed above its 40-week moving average for the first time since Apr. 17, 2017 at 2:32 p.m. ET on Investors Business Daily US Market Indexes Higher on Monday US Market Indexes Higher on Monday Apr. 17, 2017 at 4:37 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Constellation Brands Is a ‘Best in Class’ Growth Star Goldman Sachs adds the alcoholic beverage firm to its Conviction Buy list and expects shares to reach $200. Apr. 17, 2017 at 3:49 p.m. ET on Barron's Earnings: Bank Of America, Goldman Sachs, And Morgan Stanley Report This Week Earnings: Bank Of America, Goldman Sachs, And Morgan Stanley Report This Week Apr. 17, 2017 at 2:57 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha What Really Drove J.P. Morgan&#8217;s Profits in 1Q17? JPMorgan Chase's (JPM) Consumer and Community Banking division posted net income of $2.0 billion in 1Q17, as compared to $2.5 billion in 1Q16. Apr. 17, 2017 at 12:01 p.m. ET on MarketRealist.com Facebook Opens F8; Dow Stocks Goldman, IBM, J&J: Investing Action Plan Here's your Investing Action Plan for Tuesday: what you need to know as an investor for the coming day. Facebook (FB) will begin its annual developers conference, while earnings season kicks into high gear with reports from Dow Jones industrial average components Goldman Sachs (GS), IBM (IBM), Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and UnitedHealth (UNH). Charles Schwab (SCHW) also reports amid a race to cut transaction fees. Zuckerberg Takes The Stage Apr. 17, 2017 at 12:56 p.m. ET on Investors Business Daily White House Intrigue A transcript of the weekend’s program on FOX News Channel. Apr. 17, 2017 at 12:22 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Goldman Sachs Stock History: How the Investment Bank Came to Rule Wall Street Apr. 17, 2017 at 11:41 a.m. ET on Motley Fool The LIBOR Scandal Moves Up The Power Ladder The LIBOR Scandal Moves Up The Power Ladder Apr. 17, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha MORL 20.3% Dividend Yield Still Makes It A Buy MORL 20.3% Dividend Yield Still Makes It A Buy Apr. 17, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Banks Say "Too Big" Is Best Amid Cries for Breakup Top executives at JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo fight calls for break up. Apr. 17, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET on Investopedia.com The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: General Motors, Procter & Gamble, Goldman Sachs, Kimberly-Clark and General Dynamics The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: General Motors, Procter &amp; Gamble, Goldman Sachs, Kimberly-Clark and General Dynamics Apr. 13, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Will Goldman (GS) Q1 Earnings Top Estimates on Cost Control? We expect The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (GS) to beat earnings expectations when it reports first-quarter 2017 results, before the opening bell on Apr 18. Apr. 13, 2017 at 8:02 a.m. ET on Zacks.com As Good as It Gets at AMD? Chip maker Advanced Micro Devices is well-positioned to regain some valuable market share, but the stock already has had a good run. Apr. 16, 2017 at 12:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Fed Puts Together Plan to Unwind Securities Portfolio The Federal Reserve is moving quickly to fill in the details of how it will wind down its securities holdings in the years ahead, a process that could start this year and become the next big challenge for investors. Apr. 16, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Coming Week 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of GE, Verizon, IBM and other Dow Jones Industrial Average companies scheduled to report their quarterly results this week. Apr. 15, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Top Research Reports for April 12, 2017: GM, PG, GS Today&#39;s Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including General Motors (GM), Procter & Gamble (PG), and Goldman Sachs (GS). Apr. 12, 2017 at 11:48 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce Results of Joint Annual Shareholders Meeting Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce Results of Joint Annual Shareholders Meeting Mar. 30, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Blog Coverage KKR and CDPQ Acquire USI; Set to Strengthen Long-Term Growth Portfolio Blog Coverage KKR and CDPQ Acquire USI; Set to Strengthen Long-Term Growth Portfolio Mar. 20, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Research Reports on Investment Brokerage Equities -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Research Reports on Investment Brokerage Equities -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Mar. 13, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Big Banks Look to Benefit as Daniel Tarullo Announces Retirement: Today's Research Reports on Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Big Banks Look to Benefit as Daniel Tarullo Announces Retirement: Today's Research Reports on Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Feb. 14, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Better Mortgage Secures $15 Million In Series B Funding From Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, And Pine Brook Better Mortgage Secures $15 Million In Series B Funding From Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, And Pine Brook Feb. 9, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.16 Per Share Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renaissance Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.16 Per Share Feb. 6, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.21 Per Share Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportunities Fund Announces Quarterly Distribution of $0.21 Per Share Feb. 6, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs Asset Management to Host Quarterly MLP Closed-End Funds Conference Call Goldman Sachs Asset Management to Host Quarterly MLP Closed-End Funds Conference Call Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:25 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Post Earnings Coverage as Goldman Sachs' Q4 and Annual Results Beat Estimates Post Earnings Coverage as Goldman Sachs' Q4 and Annual Results Beat Estimates Jan. 23, 2017 at 8:17 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Financial Sector's Post Election Rally Stalls: Latest Reports on Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Financial Sector's Post Election Rally Stalls: Latest Reports on Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Jan. 19, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Get a covered call report on Axalta Coating Systems, or get option-trade ideas on Ford, The Goldman Sachs Group, Qualcomm and Wells Fargo & Co. Get a covered call report on Axalta Coating Systems, or get option-trade ideas on Ford, The Goldman Sachs Group, Qualcomm and Wells Fargo & Co. Jan. 19, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Post Earnings Coverage as Interactive Brokers' Earnings and Revenues Lag Behind Market Expectations Post Earnings Coverage as Interactive Brokers' Earnings and Revenues Lag Behind Market Expectations Jan. 19, 2017 at 8:20 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Investment Brokerage Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Investment Brokerage Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, Goldman Sachs, and E*TRADE Financial Jan. 18, 2017 at 7:55 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Blog Coverage Stanley Black & Decker on Deal-Making Spree, Sells Mechanical Security Business Dec. 22, 2016 at 8:35 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Goldman Sachs Asset Management Closed-End Funds Announce the Retirement of Three Trustees Dec. 16, 2016 at 4:35 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Goldman Sachs Asset Management and GQG Partners Launch Flagship International Equity Strategy Dec. 16, 2016 at 10:58 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Fitch Affirms Goldman Sachs' Long-Term IDR at 'A'; Outlook Stable Dec. 13, 2016 at 5:28 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX US Geothermal Management Delivers 16 Consecutive Quarters of Profit and is Executing on Tenfold Growth Plan Dec. 13, 2016 at 8:34 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Alcoa, The Goldman Sachs Group, Tailored Brands Inc., El Pollo Loco and Applied Materials Inc. Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF InvestorsObserver releases covered-call reports for Alcoa, Dollar General, The Goldman Sachs Group, Alder Biopharmaceuticals and FireEye Nov. 28, 2016 at 10:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. engages in global investment banking, securities, and investment management, which provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals. It operates through the following business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Investment Banking segment focuses on the provision of financial advisory services public and private sector clients around the world. The Institutional Client Services segment facilitates clients regarding buy and sell financial products, raise funding and manage risk. The Investing & Lending segment includes the company's investing and relationship lending activities across various asset classes. The Investment Management segment deals with the provision of investment and wealth advisory services. The company was founded by Marcus Goldman in 1869 and is headquartered in New York, NY. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 29 Full Ratings Earnings: Another Financial Roundup With BAC, GS, and MS Apr. 17, 2017 at 2:28 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com One Of The Street's Top Bank Analyst Offers His Hottest Pick Apr. 17, 2017 at 1:37 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Earnings Preview: Netflix Streams Q1 Results After Close Apr. 17, 2017 at 11:25 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Barclays PLC ADR 1.81% $45.32B Morgan Stanley 1.97% $75.37B Bank of America Corp. 2.10% $223.67B Deutsche Bank AG 1.64% $31.26B JPMorgan Chase & Co. 1.73% $300.28B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by NFLX 3.03% CLF -3.79% LRCX 1.73% CUDA 1.08% PSA 2.31% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow closes more than 170 points higher as Street's overseas tension concerns ease CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Retail apocalypse is creating a 'rolling crisis' that is rippling through US New forecast sees steady upturn in the economy U.S. equities rose on Monday as a weekend filled with geopolitical worries ended more calmly than investors expected, while bank stocks charged ahead. Quotes in the article M&T Bank Corp MTB ▲ 153.71 +5.78 +3.91% Netflix Inc NFLX ▲ 147.25 +4.33 +3.03% United Continental Holdings Inc UAL ▲ 70.77 +1.70 +2.46% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average rose more than 100 points as Boeing and Goldman Sachs contributed the most gains on the 30-stock index. The S&P 500 gained nearly 0.6 percent, with financials leading advancers. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) rose more than half a percent after the top two Wells Fargo executives bought $5 million worth of Wells stock. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.5 percent. "I think this is a relief rally," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given geopolitical conditions. U.S. stocks also rose higher on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without incorporating the border adjustment tax. The SPDR S&P Retail ETF rose more than 1 percent, led by Rent-A-Center up almost 6 percent. Vice President Mike Pence said the "era of strategic patience" with North Korea was over. Pence made the comments on the border between North and South Korea a day after North Korea's failed missile test. The Trump administration is working with China and its allies on a response to North Korea's missile program. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." James Smigiel, managing director at SEI, said the rise in stocks may be a byproduct of low trading volumes after the Easter holiday. "I think it's somewhat counter-intuitive that we're up this much," he said. "We didn't get anything good today, ... yet the market keeps on finding reasons to trade up. The benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since Nov. 17 before bouncing back to trade around 2.23 percent. Gold futures, which had been a popular trade over the past week, also traded off its session highs. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded more than 7 percent lower near 15. The index briefly broke above 16 last week. Investors went home on Thursday on edge after the U.S. dropped "the mother of all bombs" in Afghanistan. The U.S. used GBU-43 bomb on a cave complex believed to have ISIS fighters. Meanwhile, earnings season was set to kick into full gear this week, with Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and eBay, among others, set to report this week. Netflix was also set to report Monday after the close. Investors have high hopes for first-quarter earnings, with Wall Street expecting the best season since 2011. But it's the second-quarter guidance that has Nick Raich of The Earnings Scout worried. In a Monday note, The Earnings Scout's CEO said that just six of the 29 S&P 500 components that had reported also raised their second-quarter estimates, while 18 lowered them. "It remains highly likely that 2Q 2017 EPS estimates will go lower as more companies report and this week, there will be 69 more companies in the S&P 500 reporting," Raich said. In economic news, the Empire State index hit 5.2 in April, well below the 16.4 print reached in March. The NAHB survey showed sentiment among homebuilders slipped. The so-called hard economic data have softened recently. On Friday, the Labor Department said the consumer prices index — a key gauge of inflation — posted its biggest drop in more than two years in March, while the Commerce Department said retail sales dropped more than expected last month. In turn, market expectations for a Federal Reserve rate hike in June have slipped. But writing off tighter monetary policy — even near term — might be premature, said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "It's going to take a lot for the Fed to pull back from its path to normalization," she said. "I think the Fed will tolerate more weakness" before deviating from its path. Investors also focused on the outcome of France's presidential election. Polls suggest a growing number of voters are turning away from mainstream parties, according to Reuters. On tap this week: Tuesday Earnings: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Johnson and Johnson, UnitedHealth, Charles Schwab, Comerica, Yahoo, Harley-Davidson, Progressive, Omnicom, GNC Holdings, Intuitive Surgical, 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, American Express, eBay, Morgan Stanley, US Bancorp, TD Ameritrade, Textron, CSX, Canadian Pacific Railway, Qualcomm, Abbott Labs, Steel Dynamics, SLM 2:00 p.m. Beige book Thursday Earnings: Travelers, Verizon, Blackstone, Philip Morris, ABB, Bank of NY Mellon, Alliance Data, PPG Industries, Imax, MGIC Investment, KeyCorp, Nucor, Janus, Visa, Sonoco Products, Sherwin-Williams, Mattel, NCR, Danaher 8:30 a.m. Weekly claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed Friday Earnings: General Electric, Honeywell, NextEra Energy, Kansas City Southern, Schlumberger, Rockwell Collins, Stanley Black and Decker, SunTrust, Morningstar, Steve Madden 9:45 a.m. Manufacturing PMI 10:00 a.m. Existing home sales Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← US Deploys Two More Aircraft Carriers Toward Korean Peninsula: Yonhap North Korea ‘will test missiles weekly’, senior official tells BBC → Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers Amid Sales Slowdown Posted on April 17, 2017 by Admin Bloomberg – by Julie Johnsson Boeing Co. plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations — and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesman, said Monday.   Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on “our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees Monday. The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades. Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9 percent to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company’s total headcount has shrunk 7.6 percent to 146,962 since March 2016. Alder wouldn’t say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesman for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing’s engineers, couldn’t immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-17/boeing-to-lay-off-hundreds-of-engineers-in-cost-cutting-push Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 379 ← US Deploys Two More Aircraft Carriers Toward Korean Peninsula: Yonhap North Korea ‘will test missiles weekly’, senior official tells BBC → One Response to Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers Amid Sales Slowdown # 1 NWO Hatr says: April 17, 2017 at 11:56 am “The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump,…” JOBS! JOBS!! JOBS!!! Guess they missed that ‘memo’. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments flee on Fresno State professor under fire for reportedly tweeting ‘Trump must hang’ flee on Hawaii Lawmakers Ask State to Prepare for North Korea Missile Attack flee on Putin moves missiles to North Korea border as Russia gets ready for WAR flee on Suspect in Washington state mall shootings found dead in cell US Marine Fighting Tyranny on China and Russia ‘CHASE DOWN’ US warship US Marine Fighting Tyranny on Suspect in Washington state mall shootings found dead in cell dave on Manhunt expanded for suspect in Facebook video killing Hal Apeeno on The Word From the Trenches – April 17, 2017 Hal Apeeno on The Word From the Trenches – April 17, 2017 Darzak on Suspect in Washington state mall shootings found dead in cell Name on Will Grigg Was a Mighty Voice for Justice and Liberty Randy on Friday’s Word From the Trenches mary in ND on China and Russia ‘CHASE DOWN’ US warship # 1 NWO Hatr on Chicago Rings In Easter With 34 People Shot # 1 NWO Hatr on Michigan Appeals Court Turns Dim Tail Lights Into A Crime # 1 NWO Hatr on University Students Votes to Make American Flag “Optional” # 1 NWO Hatr on Trump Taps Salesman To Run Military Draft # 1 NWO Hatr on Student Says Campus Police Roughed Him Up # 1 NWO Hatr on Is The American Empire On The Verge Of Collapse? # 1 NWO Hatr on State Of Mind : The Psychology Of Control Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions 4/17 Updated Dear Moneyologist: Do you tip the guy who picks up your dead grandfather’s medical equipment? 4/17 Updated The scourge of digital guilt-tipping could soon be on its way to Uber Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Boeing's stock gives the Dow the biggest boost after plan to cut 'hundreds' of more jobs By Tomi Kilgore Published: Apr 17, 2017 1:40 p.m. ET Share By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Boeing Co.'s stock BA, +1.94% surged 1.5% in afternoon trade Monday, to provide the biggest boost to the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.90% after reports that the aerospace and defense giant was cutting more jobs. The stock's price gain of $2.62 was adding 18 points to the Dow, which was up 132 points. The second-biggest boost was from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. shares, which rose $1.76 to add 12 points to the Dow. Boeing was planning "hundreds" of more involuntary job cuts, focused on engineers at Seattle manufacturing plants, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing a staff memo. The notices will be issued on Friday, the WSJ report said. The company has already accepted about 1,800 voluntary buyouts, but said it needed to cut more jobs to meet its operating plan, the WSJ report said. Boeing's stock has rallied 15% year to date, while the Dow has gained 4.2%. Quote References BA +3.40 +1.94% DJIA +183.67 +0.90% Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $179.02 +3.40 (+1.94%) Volume 2.1M Open $175.84 High $179.08 Low $175.65 P/E Ratio 23.4 Div Yield 3.17 Market Cap 106.8B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,636.92 +183.67 (+0.90%) Volume 229.2M Open 20,485 High 20,644 Low 20,485 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 51° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. High 79F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Some clouds early will give way to generally clear conditions overnight. Low 61F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 18, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close associated press Boeing's Chicago headquarters.  Boeing said to be planning more involuntary layoffs affecting hundreds of engineers Reuters 13 hrs ago (…) associated press Boeing's Chicago headquarters.  Updated at 12:23 p.m. Boeing plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations — and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesman, said Monday. Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on "our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition," John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees Monday. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades. Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9 percent to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company's total headcount has shrunk 7.6 percent to 146,962 since March 2016. Alder wouldn't say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesman for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing's engineers, couldn't immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Work Unions Boeing Job Workforce Worker View (…) comments Most popular Chesterfield mobile home residents might have to move as apartment developers eye suburb Buyers struggle to find homes in red-hot St. Louis housing market In unusual vote, St. Louis TIF Commission holds up downtown hotel project Joplin's post-tornado TIF faces whirlwind of criticism Meat bonanza: Beef boom to mean lower steak and burger prices Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Buyers struggle to find homes in red-hot St. Louis housing market MSD may ask voters for more stormwater money Stereotaxis pays ex-CEO $489,000 in severance Bass Pro lowers price for Cabela's under new merger terms Pennsylvania-based teen retailer Rue 21 closing 400 stores Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces $1.00 for Sunday Delivery Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow closes more than 170 points higher as Street's overseas tension concerns ease CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Retail apocalypse is creating a 'rolling crisis' that is rippling through US New forecast sees steady upturn in the economy U.S. equities rose on Monday as a weekend filled with geopolitical worries ended more calmly than investors expected, while bank stocks charged ahead. Quotes in the article M&T Bank Corp MTB ▲ 153.71 +5.78 +3.91% Netflix Inc NFLX ▲ 147.25 +4.33 +3.03% United Continental Holdings Inc UAL ▲ 70.77 +1.70 +2.46% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average rose more than 100 points as Boeing and Goldman Sachs contributed the most gains on the 30-stock index. The S&P 500 gained nearly 0.6 percent, with financials leading advancers. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) rose more than half a percent after the top two Wells Fargo executives bought $5 million worth of Wells stock. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.5 percent. "I think this is a relief rally," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given geopolitical conditions. U.S. stocks also rose higher on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without incorporating the border adjustment tax. The SPDR S&P Retail ETF rose more than 1 percent, led by Rent-A-Center up almost 6 percent. Vice President Mike Pence said the "era of strategic patience" with North Korea was over. Pence made the comments on the border between North and South Korea a day after North Korea's failed missile test. The Trump administration is working with China and its allies on a response to North Korea's missile program. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." James Smigiel, managing director at SEI, said the rise in stocks may be a byproduct of low trading volumes after the Easter holiday. "I think it's somewhat counter-intuitive that we're up this much," he said. "We didn't get anything good today, ... yet the market keeps on finding reasons to trade up. The benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since Nov. 17 before bouncing back to trade around 2.23 percent. Gold futures, which had been a popular trade over the past week, also traded off its session highs. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded more than 7 percent lower near 15. The index briefly broke above 16 last week. Investors went home on Thursday on edge after the U.S. dropped "the mother of all bombs" in Afghanistan. The U.S. used GBU-43 bomb on a cave complex believed to have ISIS fighters. Meanwhile, earnings season was set to kick into full gear this week, with Goldman Sachs, Bank of America and eBay, among others, set to report this week. Netflix was also set to report Monday after the close. Investors have high hopes for first-quarter earnings, with Wall Street expecting the best season since 2011. But it's the second-quarter guidance that has Nick Raich of The Earnings Scout worried. In a Monday note, The Earnings Scout's CEO said that just six of the 29 S&P 500 components that had reported also raised their second-quarter estimates, while 18 lowered them. "It remains highly likely that 2Q 2017 EPS estimates will go lower as more companies report and this week, there will be 69 more companies in the S&P 500 reporting," Raich said. In economic news, the Empire State index hit 5.2 in April, well below the 16.4 print reached in March. The NAHB survey showed sentiment among homebuilders slipped. The so-called hard economic data have softened recently. On Friday, the Labor Department said the consumer prices index — a key gauge of inflation — posted its biggest drop in more than two years in March, while the Commerce Department said retail sales dropped more than expected last month. In turn, market expectations for a Federal Reserve rate hike in June have slipped. But writing off tighter monetary policy — even near term — might be premature, said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "It's going to take a lot for the Fed to pull back from its path to normalization," she said. "I think the Fed will tolerate more weakness" before deviating from its path. Investors also focused on the outcome of France's presidential election. Polls suggest a growing number of voters are turning away from mainstream parties, according to Reuters. On tap this week: Tuesday Earnings: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Johnson and Johnson, UnitedHealth, Charles Schwab, Comerica, Yahoo, Harley-Davidson, Progressive, Omnicom, GNC Holdings, Intuitive Surgical, 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, American Express, eBay, Morgan Stanley, US Bancorp, TD Ameritrade, Textron, CSX, Canadian Pacific Railway, Qualcomm, Abbott Labs, Steel Dynamics, SLM 2:00 p.m. Beige book Thursday Earnings: Travelers, Verizon, Blackstone, Philip Morris, ABB, Bank of NY Mellon, Alliance Data, PPG Industries, Imax, MGIC Investment, KeyCorp, Nucor, Janus, Visa, Sonoco Products, Sherwin-Williams, Mattel, NCR, Danaher 8:30 a.m. Weekly claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed Friday Earnings: General Electric, Honeywell, NextEra Energy, Kansas City Southern, Schlumberger, Rockwell Collins, Stanley Black and Decker, SunTrust, Morningstar, Steve Madden 9:45 a.m. Manufacturing PMI 10:00 a.m. Existing home sales Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit ETF Strategist Trading the World My Success Story Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes No one is happy with Trump's picks to lead the much-vilified Ex-Im Bank Ylan Mui | @ylanmui 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trump nominates Ex-Im Bank critic to board    20 Hours Ago | 01:14 President Donald Trump extended an olive branch to Democrats when he pledged to support the controversial Export-Import Bank last week. But now, his nominees to lead the bank are angering both sides of the aisle. Trump has named two former Republican congressmen to fill the empty seats on the bank's five-member board. One is a more traditional pick: Spencer Bachus is a moderate from Alabama who served as chairman of the influential House Financial Services committee during the Great Recession. But Trump selected former New Jersey Rep. Scott Garrett for the other seat. A founding member of the Freedom Caucus, Garrett has criticized the Ex-Im Bank as a symbol of Washington's "crony capitalism." "It turns the economy into a biased actor that uses your taxpayer dollars to tilt the scales in favor of its friends," he said in a speech on the House floor in October 2015. Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, one of the bank's most vocal supporters, was measured in her praise of Trump's decision. While she called filling the board a "positive step," she said she still has "reservations" about the nominees. Minority Whip Rep. Steny Hoyer (D.-Md.) was more direct. "Once again, President Trump has selected a nominee to lead an agency that individual believes should not exist and has tried to destroy," he said in a statement. "If former Rep. Garrett is confirmed to lead the Bank, it would be the ultimate act of sabotage." show chapters Sen. Heitkamp: Key piece of Trump's trade agenda missing    Tuesday, 11 Apr 2017 | 7:31 AM ET | 01:11 The Ex-Im Bank provides financing for U.S. exporters through insurance and loan guarantees and lends directly to foreign entities seeking to purchase American goods. The bank has been hailed by Democrats as a linchpin of domestic manufacturing and vilified by conservatives as a giveaway to big corporations. Many other large economies, including China, have their own version of Ex-Im or something similar, and they can provide big advantages when multiple countries are competing for business overseas. "Without Ex-Im, you're putting U.S. exporters at a competitive disadvatage, which make no sense when one of the top goals of the Trump administration is to increase exports," said Bill Lane, retired global government affair director for Caterpillar, another big beneficiary of the bank. Though 90 percent of its transactions are with small businesses, the biggest single beneficiary is Boeing. In fiscal year 2014, the company accounted for 40 percent of the $20.5 billion of total bank authorizations, according to an analysis by the Heritage Foundation. That has earned it the ire of the Freedom Caucus, which refused to reauthorize the 83-year-old bank in 2015, temporarily shutting it down. The bank was eventually restored, but with two vacancies on its board — preventing it from authorizing transactions larger than $10 million. Trump: 'It actually makes money' On the campaign trail, Trump vowed to end the bank. But he publicly changed positions last week after meeting with business executives at the White House, including former Boeing CEO James McNerney. "Instinctively you would say it's a ridiculous thing but actually it's a very good thing and it actually makes money," Trump told the Wall Street Journal. At least one conservative signaled he is not backing down on his opposition. Freedom Caucus member Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan tweeted over the weekend that the bank "steals from taxpayers to subsidize big corporations." Amash and Sen. Mike Lee of Utah have previously introduced legislation that would end the bank. Other key Republicans have expressed skepticism about the bank. Speaker Paul Ryan (R.-Wis.) said in 2014 that he wanted to eliminate the institution. And Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby refused to bring up President Barack Obama's nominee to Ex-Im board when he was chairman of the Senate banking committee. But House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R.-Texas) appeared open to compromise on Monday. In a statement, he said he was hopeful that the nominees could help "safeguard taxpayer dollars." "With Ex-Im so captured by special interests, the president was right to choose principled leaders like these to safeguard the agency against further mission creep, fraud, waste and abuse," he said. Trump's picks must also win Senate confirmation. Hearing dates have not yet been set. Ylan MuiCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 I've been flying for 40 years — and it's always been a terrible experience Matthew DeBord Apr. 17, 2017, 8:50 PM 14,343 facebook linkedin twitter email print Probably the best I ever had.JetBlue See Also How To Get A Better Seat The Next Time You Fly My JetBlue Flight Was Going Perfectly... Until We Hit 10,000 Feet How Singapore Airlines Keeps Its Brand Strong In An Age Where Everybody Hates Flying I took my first commercial flight a bit later than a lot of folks nowadays — I think I was about 13 — but since then I've flown on everything from Boeing 747s in South Africa to twin-prop Cessna puddle jumpers between Hyannis and Nantucket. I've crossed the Pacific and the Atlantic. I've soared above flyover country countless times. United Airlines' debacle with David Dao has highlighted the horrors of air travel. Some kind of barrier was crossed: for more than a decade, with greatly increased security and greatly decreased customer service, passengers have felt figuratively roughed up when they fly. Dao's experience took that to a whole new level. There was blood. A cry has gone up to reform the airline business and restore some dignity to this once-romantic and exciting form of travel. But it's not going to happen. The airlines have figured out that they can segregate budget-conscious passengers who just want to get from A to B and will endure any indignity along the way from fliers who will pay extra to avoid leg cramps and get to drink the entire can of Coke. That's a big part of the business now. But really, the business has irreversibly changed from how it functioned when those first silvery birds took the skies and opened up the world. Airlines make about $10 per passenger, and although that sounds dire, with cheap fuel costs and some efficient route management, as well as limited competition, the major US airlines have of late translated it into sturdy bottom lines.  They've also spent decades training the public to expect next to nothing in the way of service, a trend that's been accelerated by online ticket-buying sites that have driven down fares. Spirit Airlines has made this into a core brand value.  When it was awesome.YouTube/Emirates The good old days I actually saw the way it used to be, back in the good old days before deregulation and ritual disrobement in the security lines. My father traveled about two weeks a month, and my brother and I would often accompany my mother when we took him to the small airport that served the town we grew up in. The old man would check in, surrender his single suitcase, and then breeze through the metal detector, offloading his keys and loose change in a single practiced move, before ascending the steps to a 727 and zooming off. The entire process consumed about 15 minutes. When he returned, the wait for the suitcase and the baggage claim was usually ten minutes or less. He could smoke all he wanted on the plane and depending on where he was going, they'd give him dinner. He never flew first class and business didn't really exist yet. However, even the 1970s were a transitional period, with the glamorous 1960s Jet Set a vanishing memory. But compared with how I typically fly, my dad traveled like a king. It is possible to do better. I flew to Paris last year on La Compagnie, a new all-business-class airline that's running just one route and charging prices that are miles below the usual business class fare. It was utterly worth it. I also flew Los Angeles to New York exclusively on JetBlue back in the mid-2000s when the upstart was truly tackling the miserable flying experience. The airline offered comfy leather seats, decent snacks, and individual TVs. Flying JetBlue back then, you could still see a faint glimmer of hope at the end of the tunnel.  Get real Sad.Scott Olson / Getty Iamges But let's be real. Unless you're willing to spend a ton of money, flying is an ordeal. From fighting traffic to getting to the airport right up to the non-reclining seat you're liable to encounter, the whole experience is an ordeal.  The thing is, it's pretty much always been like this. On the infrequent occasions when I've enjoyed a legit business-class or first-class seat, the contrast with my decades-long experience has been mind-warpingly dramatic. And don't even get me started on flying private, which gives you the sense of having joined a separate species. Airports are providing some compensation. They now offer better food than anyone imagined in the 1980s, and many have seen whole terminals converted into shopping malls. Various unaffiliated lounges have sprung up, and even the ones connected with the big airlines will often let you hang out, for a daily fee.  But in watching United's PR mess unfold over the past few weeks, I was struck by how unsurprised I was by the chorus of dismay. Yes, Dr. Dao endured a level of mistreatment that led you to question humanity on several levels. But were we shocked that this happened on an airplane?  The last time I flew the Friendly Skies (actually, on a Continental plane absorbed with that airlines and United merged) I found that my usually advantageous 5'-7" frame was very spatially challenged in coach; it wasn't legroom so much as a slot into which to wedge my regrettable human limbs.  I usually fly because I have to. If I can figure out another way to get there, I'll usually take it. That's where my four decades of life with the airlines has led me. Admittedly, I always contrast this urge with my understanding that although air travel is astoundingly unpleasant, it's also astonishingly safe. We can't take this simple truth away from either the plane makers or the airlines. But that doesn't mean we can't be realistic about what boarding an aircraft circa 2017 is all about. An understandable decline Trains are better.Hollis Johnson My point here is that flying has gotten only worse since my maiden voyage. But even back then, it wasn't that great. I once took a long train trip, covering about half the USA in a two-week period. It wasn't like it was back in the glory days of rail travel, but it was magical by contrast with my plane voyages.  Fundamentally, the airline industry operates according to a pair of rudimentary objectives: get people to where they want to go fast, and get them there cheap. Deviate from this model, as the likes of JetBlue did for about 10 years, and pay the price (JetBlue has revamped it service-centric model to be more like everybody else). So we suffer in safety, for the most part, but we can cross oceans in less than a day and spend a fraction of what it cost when air travel was glorious.  There is some solace. A few flights back, crammed into my coach seat, wondering if I should ask for another Coke, my plane flew alongside a thunderstorm, miles and miles off the shoulder of the jet. The light show was a wonder to behold, impossible not to look at. I was among a tiny sliver of humans who have ever lived who got to witness this marvel of nature. It reminded me of why we put up with all the crap. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Business Insider. SEE ALSO: Checkout Gulfstream's next generation $45 million G500 private jet NOW WATCH: Timeline of a crisis: How United's passenger-bumping debacle unfolded Loading video... More: BITranspo Airlines United Airlines Travel Op-Ed facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru I've been flying for 40 years — and it's always been a terrible experience I've been flying for 40 years — and it's always been a terrible experience I took my first commercial flight a bit later... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News City Hall Blog Around Town Diplomatica Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts All Local Arts Local Reviews The Big Beat Ottawa events listings Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music Jazzblog NP Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey All Hockey Senators Extra NHL World Juniors Football All Football CFL NFL Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Tennis Life All Life Homes All Homes Condos Gardening Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Ottawa Dish Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health All Health Men Seniors Sexual Health Women Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving News Defence Watch |Featured: Senators Extra Canada 150 Style Magazine Homes OC Sessions Developing Lebreton Flats | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News Canada 150: Complete coverage Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Savoury Northern Chinese surprises at Xiang Zi in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Caravela Restaurante offers up fresh, uncomplicated, homey Portuguese ... Local News Opioid overdoses: Here's how to get a naloxone kit in ... Local Food Reviews Dining Out: Citizen meets high expectations, but choose carefully for ... 5 / 5 Another U.S. military aircraft fleet dealing with lack of oxygen in cockpit David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen More from David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen Published on: April 17, 2017 | Last Updated: April 17, 2017 10:08 AM EDT T-45C training aircraft are shown in this file photo. U.S. Navy photo. Share Adjust Comment Print The U.S. Navy says its 200 T-45C training aircraft will begin flying Monday after being grounded for a week. The planes were grounded as the navy tried to figure out what was behind the problem that saw some cockpits not receiving enough oxygen. Those pilots flying the aircraft had become increasingly concerned late last month after seeing a spike in incidents in which some personnel weren’t getting enough oxygen, the Associated Press reported. Instructors and students will now wear modified masks in the two-seat trainers and will fly below 10,000 feet so they do not have to use the on-board oxygen system. The T-45C was built by Boeing based on a British design. The planes have been operational for more than 20 years. The U.S. military has also been dealing with problems involving oxygen on the Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets. A number of U.S. news outlets have been reporting on that issue. The latest was Flight Global which pointed out that the U.S. Navy is still struggling to find the root cause of the hypoxia issue plaguing the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and E/A-18G Growler. That news is based on testimony this week from U.S. Navy leaders to the House Armed Services Committee. The service’s Boeing F/A-18s are experiencing a dangerous crew cabin pressure issue, while the newer variants may have possible oxygen contamination, Flight Global pointed out. The problems have been going on since 2010 and have yet to be solved, it added. But the Canadian military, which plans to purchase 18 Super Hornets as an interim fighter jet, doesn’t appear to be too concerned about the issue. The RCAF believes it can deal with the problem, as reported at Defence Watch on March 31. “The oxygen requirements of the potential interim fleet would meet industry, regulatory, and operational standards,” the Canadian Forces noted in a statement to Defence Watch. “The Canadian legacy CF-18 uses a Liquid Oxygen system to supply the pilot, whereas the Super Hornet comes equipped with OBOGS (On-board oxygen generation systems.) RCAF Technical and Operational Airworthiness processes are in place to ensure that aircraft being considered for service are stringently assessed to ensure that an Acceptable Level of Safety exists to meet our training and operational demands.” No details were provided on how the RCAF will solve the problem that the U.S. military has been dealing with over the years (without success).     Boeing Company F-18 Hornet sponsored Super Hornet U.S. Navy Update on defence industry contracts – Lockheed Martin, Rolls Royce, StandardAero... RCAF’s 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadron now headed to Iraq Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic More Local News Local News Jonathan Pitre has unexpected surgery to control a blood infection Local News If you think the first NHL game was played in Ottawa, think again Local News Second annual ‘Give Gala’ highlights financial needs of organ transplant recipients Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. × Share Another U.S. military aircraft fleet dealing with lack of oxygen in cockpit Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics +PS Defence Watch The Gargoyle National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Your Letters Editorials Editorial Cartoons Electoral Reform Business All Business Local Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Music Books Celebrity Cappies Sports All Sports Local Sports Hockey Football Baseball Basketball Golf Soccer Tennis Life All Life Homes Food Style Our Ottawa Upbeat World of Birds Life Story Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Green Car Reports News Today in Car News April 17, 2017 Electric jet, Cadillac plug-in hybrid, European... Hybrids April 17, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 plug-in hybrid sedan reviewed... Europe April 17, 2017 Europe diesel sales sag slightly, continuing... All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased... Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and... What U.S. cities have the most solar power? New... Leaf vs Bolt EV, Tesla pickup, cheaper Prius... More News » First Drives First Drives More » 2018 Toyota C-HR first drive March 20, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid video drive review March 6, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid: first drive review February 21, 2017 Guides Green Car Guides More » Buying Guides February 10, 2017 Plug-in hybrid price guide: every 2017 model... Buying Guides January 17, 2017 Electric Car Price Guide: every 2017 all-electric... Buying Guides March 29, 2016 How to buy an electric-car charging station... Electric All Cars Electric More » Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and... April 17, 2017 Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in... April 14, 2017 Electric-car charging networks spin out, merge... April 14, 2017 Car Types News by Car Type See all new cars » HYBRID ELECTRIC DIESEL FUEL CELL Popular Green Cars 2017 Chevrolet Volt 2017 Nissan Leaf 2011 Tesla Roadster 2017 Toyota Prius Video Follow Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+ Home News Electric Cars Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue Internet Brands Apr 17, 2017 Seattle-based startup Zunum Aero has received funding from Boeing HorizonX and JetBlue Technology Ventures toward making its dream of electrified air travel a reality. Sometimes billed as the Tesla of the airplane industry, Zunum is developing a relatively small regional aircraft with about 700 miles of range. A 1,000-mile range will be attainable by 2030, it says. The as-yet-unnamed aircraft will hold between 10 and 50 passengers, depending on how it’s configured, the company says. DON’T MISS: Why liquid hydrogen may make sense for airplanes, replacing jet fuel Zunum’s jet will primarily run on batteries, so it promises to make air travel quieter for passengers and those who live under flight paths. Noise-free take-offs will open up the possibility of scheduling more flights overnight. A fuel-burning range-extender will turn on only when additional electricity is needed, according to the company’s official website. Ultimately, Zunum plans on building a regional jet that runs exclusively on electricity. Boeing 787 DreamlinerEnlarge Photo The benefits of flying electric go beyond reducing carbon emissions and noise. Jet fuel is expensive, so companies who operate a hybrid jet would be able to offer short, regional flights at much more affordable prices. Zunum says it expects fares could drop by 40 to 80 percent. The flights will be shorter, too, because planes will be able to travel faster without burning excess fuel. READ THIS: So, how about an all-electric supersonic aircraft, then? Zunum wants to serve more airports across the nation. The company notes that there are 13,500 airports in the United States, more than in any other country. The 140 largest hubs carry 97 percent of all air traffic, which shortchanges flights over shorter distances. With its hybrid aircraft, Zunum hopes to connect 5,000 of the nation’s smallest airports by opening new routes. Reducing door-to-door travel time is one of Zunum’s main priorities. Zunum range-extended electric regional jet - concept designEnlarge Photo “Door-to-door times for most journeys are no better than they were 50 years ago,” company founder and CEO Ashish Kumar pointed out. Airports who want to take advantage of the new routes will need to invest in a support facility to charge the plane when it’s on the tarmac, or swap out its battery packs if it needs to take off again right away. What effect the company might have on Transportation Security Administration officials, procedures, and waiting times remains to be determined—although Kumar predicts streamlining the security screening process will allow for walk-on, walk-off access to the aircraft without long lines. CHECK OUT: Coming up next: emission standards for airplanes The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is currently writing certification standards for electrified aircraft. The final set of standards will be published by next year, and the first certified battery-powered plane is expected to make its maiden flight by 2020, the same year that Zunum says its first plane will roll off the assembly line. Currently, JetBlue operates a fleet of Airbus and Embraer aircrafts. The investment in Zunum suggests it would be an early customers for the hybrid regional jet as soon as it’s on the market, although it hasn’t yet made a firm commitment. — Ronan Glon _______________________________________ Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter. HI-RES GALLERY: Zunum range-extended electric regional jet - concept design Prev Post Next Post Tags: aircraft Batteries emissions Range Extending Posted in: Electric Cars Green Recommended Galleries Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in stability test All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased for Shanghai auto show Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue Genesis GV80 fuel-cell concept SUV at NY auto show   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us Get daily e-mail updates GO I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Take Us With You!   News In Your Inbox GreenCarReports Sign Up I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Related Articles Europe diesel sales sag slightly, continuing trend since 2012 Automakers seek deal to delay EPA's 2022-2025 emission rules Asking prices climb for used VW TDI diesels as buybacks proceed Trump budget slashes EPA emission testing, hits makers with higher fees Follow Us On Facebook Green Car Reports on Get FREE Dealer Quotes From dealers near you Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Zip Code: Go! Most Popular This Week 1 First impressions of Chevy Bolt EV by Nissan Leaf driver   2 Q: Why is Tesla worth more than GM? A: The sins of Detroit   3 Tesla Model S at 36,000 miles: Car and Driver's long-term...   4 Toyota Prius One: stripped-down hybrid added at lower price   5 Tesla trucks: semi to be shown in Sept, pickup in 18-24 months   More » Find Green Cars Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Bentley Ferrari FIAT Genesis Lamborghini Lotus Maserati McLaren Rolls-Royce smart Tesla Select Model Go! Topics GAS MILEAGE HYBRIDS ELECTRIC CARS DIESEL ALT FUELS AUTO SHOWS Photo Galleries Honda Clarity Electric, Plug-In Hybrid sedans revealed at NY auto show Genesis GV80 fuel-cell concept SUV at NY auto show Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in stability test Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased for Shanghai auto show « 1 of 5 » Get the Web's best green cars newsletter! We'll email you the latest in green car news every day. Subscribe More from High Gear Media   Watch a 4,000-hp Corvette dragster try to fly Porsche is finally coming to Playstation's Gran Turismo Ferrari Land opens in Spain 97.5 percent of Volkswagen diesel owners have chosen buyback, not repair 2016 Mitsubishi Outlander, Outlander Sport recalled to fix door latch glitch Diesel deathwatch? UK to offer owners £2,000 to scrap their diesels   News Reviews Buying Guides RSS Feed Electric Gas Mileage Car Types Company About Us Contact Us Press Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Reprints Follow Us   © 2017 Green Car Reports. All Rights Reserved. Green Car Reports is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Tue 18 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era rip ahmed kathrada on the road news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Electric planes could be the future International | 17 April 2017 Amy B Wang Washington  - Imagine taking your next trip of a couple hundred miles. New York City to Boston, for example. Or Houston to Dallas, Tampa to Miami. The obvious choice now might be to drive. But what if you could show up at an airport at one of those cities, bypass security checkpoints, board a small hybrid-electric plane with luggage in hand, and be on the ground at your destination in about an hour - all for $25 each way? Share this story Solar Impulse 2, the solar airplane, piloted by Swiss adventurer Andre Borschberg, flies over Manhattan in the US. Picture: Reuters A company called Zunum Aero hopes to make that a reality, so that future travellers who normally take a car, bus or train for regional trips won't think twice about flying. The Washington state-based start-up says that since 2013, it has been developing a fleet of hybrid-electric planes that would make those kinds of inexpensive, short-haul flights possible. The company has some heavyweight investor partners, including Boeing HorizonX and JetBlue Technology Ventures, subsidiaries of their respective companies. It also faces a number of competitors and obstacles, particularly battery limitations but if successful it could significantly change regional air travel where options have shrivelled and costs have crept up in recent decades. "Think of it as Tesla of the air," said Bonny Simi, president of JetBlue Technology Ventures. "[Or] think of it as an electric bus in the air." Zunum Aero emerged from "stealth mode" on Wednesday to announce its ambitious goals: to be flying routes of up to 700 miles (think Atlanta to Washington, DC) by the mid, 2020s and then routes of up to 1 000 miles (think Los Angeles to Seattle) by 2030. The start-up also laid out an array of promises, Door-to-door travel times cut in half. Lower operating costs. Airfares that would be 40 to 80 percent lower. All on quiet hybrid aircraft that would produce 80 percent less emissions. Indeed, part of the company name was inspired by "tzunuum," the Mayan word for the hummingbird, for the bird's speed and efficiency. "To be perfectly honest, we've wanted to tell the story for four years," Zunum Aero chief executive Ashish Kumar told The Washington Post. "What we've been building towards is really exciting and we believe fundamentally is going to change the shape of regional aviation." Kumar thinks operating costs for the company's hybrid-electric planes could be 40 to 80 percent lower than for conventional aircraft. A small range-extending generator would be integrated into early planes, kicking in on longer flights where battery power isn't enough. The eventual goal would be for battery technology to become advanced enough to have planes relying entirely on electricity, eliminating fuel costs altogether, Kumar said. There are several reasons that people rarely choose to fly for short regional trips. Flying often means allotting extra time for getting to the airport, going through security and then boarding. Also, the airline industry's shift to larger planes and big-city hubs created what Kumar calls a "regional transport gap." Flights from midsize cities are now often routed through hubs, meaning door-to-door times for those trips are no better than they were 50 years ago, Kumar said. And air options for smaller communities have been dwindling or disappearing, he added. Today, 97 percent of US air traffic comes from 2 percent of the more than 5 000 airports in the country, according to the 2014-2034 FAA Aerospace Forecast. About 95 percent of trips under 500 miles are taken by car, according to the US Department of Transportation's National Household Travel Survey. For trips between 500 and 750 miles, about 61 percent of travellers drive and 34 percent fly. For trips between 750 and 1,000 miles, a little more than half of travellers fly and 42 percent drive. Read also: Bezos sells Amazon stock for space dream Kumar and his team think this is where electric-hybrid planes can step in. Whereas a Boeing 737 today seats anywhere from 85 to more than 200 passengers, a Zunum plane would have from 10 to 50 seats. Because the Transportation Security Administration imposes fewer regulations on smaller aircraft, those passengers would likely be able to skip long security lines. Removing luggage check-in options also would save on time on the ground, he said. The resulting trip would feel more like a cross between private corporate air travel and hopping on a bus. Still, the company is not without its competitors and detractors. This year, a Massachusetts-based start-up called Wright Electric announced similar plans to roll out "zero-emissions electric airliners designed to save money and our planet" within a decade. The Y Combinator-backed company, however, told BBC News that it was relying on continued advances in battery technology. Battery technology not there "The battery technology is not there yet," Graham Warwick, technology editor of Aviation Weekly, told the BBC. "It's projected to come but it needs a significant improvement. Nobody thinks that is going to happen anytime soon." It remains too early to tell what the commercial aviation industry will look like by the mid-2020s and whether one-way fares in the $25 range would be feasible then. Even now, it is not unheard of for low-cost carriers such as Frontier or Spirit to offer double-digit airfares on domestic routes. That hasn't stopped others from diving into hybrid-electric aerospace projects. Airbus has also been developing its "E-Fan" hybrid electric aircraft since 2014, and in 2015 it became the first all-electric twin-engine plane to cross the English Channel. Though the "E-Fan" has only two seats, Airbus is hoping the technology will lead to a regional airliner or helicopter. Plans for helicopter-esque electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft have also been emerging from Silicon Valley lately. The Verge's Andrew J. Hawkins reported that Uber, Airbus, the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency and Google co-founder Larry Page are all working on developing their own VTOLs. "Because nothing says 'I'm very rich and I hate traffic' like a flying car project," Hawkins wrote for the technology site. In a statement, Boeing HorizonX said it was confident in investing in Zunum Aero "because we feel its technology development is leading this emerging and exciting hybrid-electric market space." Simi compared the push for hybrid-electric planes to the airline industry's advancement from strictly propeller planes to jet aircraft. "It's that type of transformation," Simi said. "We're very excited about where this is going. It's still very early, of course. We now have a seat at the table at what we believe is going to be an amazing change." WASHINGTON POST Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Joburg's R13.8bn roads shocker 2 Bride and groom removed from United Airlines flight 3 Mom, sisters watch helplessly as girl dies in shark attack 4 Cosatu boss 'consoled' Zuma on his birthday 5 Bloody Easter as road carnage increases Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Big Reasons to Be Bullish on Biotech Stocks Biotech isn't for the faint of heart Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 7 Surprising Reasons People Aren't Saving for Retirement It isn't a priority for many My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Dow Jones Industrial Average Adds 183 as Earnings Season Gets Underway April 17, 2017, 04:28:12 PM EDT By kvenema@sir-in.com, Schaeffer's Research Shutterstock photo Traders returned from the long holiday weekend in a buying mood, with the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  starting the week with a triple-digit gain. Stocks brushed off rising tension between the U.S. and North Korea , as well as a dreary batch of economic data , and instead took an upbeat outlook to the first full week of earnings season. Elsewhere, the S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) bounced after closing last week at its lowest level since mid-February, while the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) settled below 15 for the first time in a week ahead of this Wednesday's VIX options expiration. Continue reading for more on today's market, including: 2 big bank earnings to watch. The drug stock that doubled in value today. Netflix options activity was heavy ahead of earnings. Plus, 2 oil stocks at key levels; options traders blasted bouncing Ford; and Oncomed gets dealt another blow. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA - 20,636.92) spent the entire session trading in positive territory, closing up 183.7 points, or 0.9%. Boeing led 29 Dow stocks higher with its 1.9% pop. Exxon Mobil was the lone decliner, shedding 0.1%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX - 2,349.01)  added 20.1 points, or 0.9%. The Nasdaq Composite (COMP - 5,856.79) tacked on 51.6 points, or 0.9%. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX - 14.66) hit a five-month high of 16.28, before settling down 1.3 points, or 8.1%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today Retail sales in the U.S. fell for a second straight month in March, according to data released last Friday, the worst two-month stretch since 2015. What's more, February retail sales were downwardly revised to show a 0.3% decline, versus the initial reading of a 0.1% rise.    (MarketWatch) For the first time since a foodborne illness outbreak sent its shares tumbling in 2015, Chipotle said it has increased prices at roughly 20% of its locations, or 440 restaurants. According to a spokesperson for CMG, the move was "implemented to help offset labor and food inflation."   (Bloomberg) These 2 oil stocks are trading near key Fibonacci levels during a historically significant week. Ford stock bounced on a bullish Barron's mention, stoking heavy options volume. Oncomed Pharmaceuticals stock fell to a record low, after the biotech reported the latest in a string of disappointing drug data. Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Options Referenced Symbols: SPX , CMG More from Schaeffer's Research Subscribe Dow Jones Industrial Average Adds 183 as Earnings Season Gets Underway Wal-Mart Can't Save Dow Jones Industrial Average From Weekly Loss Dow Jones Industrial Average Cools as Hawkish Syria Talk Rattles Stocks Related Options Articles Subscribe Noteworthy Monday Option Activity: SAGE, THO, ATH 4/17/2017 03:33 PM Noteworthy Monday Option Activity: GWW, LVS, TWLO 4/17/2017 03:33 PM Notable Monday Option Activity: AAPL, AAP, ISRG 4/17/2017 02:30 PM Contributor: Schaeffer's Research Most Popular Highest Rated Trump Administration Refrains From Tagging Any Country 'Currency Quest Management Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire Immunotherapy Discovery Communications (Nasdaq: DISCA) network Discovery Family and BREAKINGVIEWS-Foxconn's offer to Toshiba is too rich to ignore EXCLUSIVE-North Korean ships head home after China orders coal JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs... Windstream To Acquire Broadview Networks In $227.5 Mln Deal B. Riley Diversified Equity Fund Awarded Four-Star Ranking by... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced CMG 54% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Education Middle East & North Africa Report Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district Scott Andes, Jason Hachadorian, Bruce Katz, Anna Siprikova, Jennifer S. Vey, and Meg Walker Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon For media inquries, contact: Grace Palmer gpalmer@brookings.edu 202-765-8561 Download Download PDF File Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district In today’s global economy, cities rise above international competitors—or not—based on their ability to innovate not within single industries—autos, steel, energy—but rather by finding new points of convergence across them.  Authors Scott Andes Senior Policy Associate and Associate Fellow - Centennial Scholar Initiative, Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Twitter scott_andes J Jason Hachadorian Research Assistant Bruce Katz Centennial Scholar - Centennial Scholar Initiative Twitter bruce_katz Anna Siprikova Project Associate - Project for Public Spaces Jennifer S. Vey Fellow and Co-Director - Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Twitter jvey1 Meg Walker Senior Vice President - Project for Public Spaces The implications of this new competitive landscape for Oklahoma City are significant. Two of the region’s largest economic clusters—energy and health care—are undergoing substantial disruption.  The expansion of North American natural gas has opened the energy economy to new players. In health care, life science breakthroughs are coupling with information technology in areas like personalized medicine and health IT to redefine the care continuum, creating wide openings for technology and life science capitals like Austin, Texas; Boston; and San Francisco. Yet as crosscutting technologies—from “big data” to sensing—expand the competitive playing field in industries critical to Oklahoma City, they also create unprecedented opportunity for the region to vault ahead of its peers. This great leap will not happen spontaneously, however.  To leverage advantages in health, energy, and other sectors, Oklahoma City’s public and private leaders need to take action to improve joint industry-relevant research; grow, attract, and retain new technology companies; and ensure that the workforce is prepared for future jobs.  They need to invest in creating dynamic, high-quality places where research institutions, firms, and talent concentrate and connect.  And they need to nurture the talents and potential of low-income residents, who, if history is any lesson, will otherwise remain disconnected from the innovation economy’s growth. Related Content Cities & Regions The Rise of Innovation Districts Bruce Katz and Julie Wagner Monday, June 9, 2014 The Oklahoma City metropolitan area has long-standing industry strengths and assets on which to build a new convergence economy. The region dominates in oil and gas extraction, and it is becoming a global center for advanced energy technology, evidenced by the recent opening of the General Electric (GE) Global Research Oil & Gas Technology Center.  Outside of energy, the region has economic strengths in aerospace engineering, led by Tinker Air Force Base, Boeing, and Northrop Grumman, and in health care, driven by the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center (OUHSC), the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation (OMRF), and several private-sector firms, including COARE Biotechnology, Charlesson, and Selexys. The new GE facility and these health care assets largely concentrate in Oklahoma City’s emerging innovation district.  Bounded roughly by Robinson and Lottie Avenues to the west and east and 4th and 13th Streets to the south and north, this 1.3-square-mile area encompasses both the Oklahoma Health Center and the vibrant commercial corridor of Automobile Alley.  A significant center of job growth, the district reflects the shifting geography of the global economy and the emergence of dense hubs of economic activity where innovation, entrepreneurship, creativity, and placemaking intersect. With the right investments, the Oklahoma City innovation district has the potential to become a major center of gravity for innovation and economic development in Oklahoma City. With the right investments, the Oklahoma City innovation district has the potential to become a major center of gravity for innovation and economic development in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma City’s innovation district is already a vital part of the region’s innovation economy.  Over 18,000 people work in the area, almost 5 percent of the city’s total. Its cluster of medical and research institutions attracts three-quarters of the project dollars the state receives from the National Institutes of Health, and its improved commercialization outcomes, coupled with the presence of business support organizations like i2E, position it to become the region’s hub of entrepreneurial activity.  Furthermore, the district’s proximity to downtown—which is home to several major energy company headquarters—and other areas of growth give it a powerful locational advantage.  Though only about 1,200 people live within the district itself, the neighborhoods to the west and south, such as Bricktown and Deep Deuce, have enjoyed a noticeable uptick in housing values, development, and amenities. For all its strengths, however, the district yet to tap its full potential, and it faces a number of challenges in terms of innovation, place, and inclusion: Innovation challenges: A historically medical-centric area, the district has neither the density nor diversity of institutions, firms, startup companies, and innovations spaces that many of its peers possess. And while many of the area’s health care and energy institutions and firms are physically close to one another, few organizing structures exist to strategically connect these industries—to one another and to other regional assets in Norman and elsewhere—around common technology platforms. Place-related challenges: The district’s car-centric physical layout and lack of gathering spaces hinder companies and workers from taking advantage of their proximity to interact, exchange ideas, and build collaborative networks.  Meanwhile, limited walkability in and around the district makes the more amenity-rich areas nearby feel further away than they actually area. Such place-related drawbacks may impede the ability of district firms and institutions to attract young talent. Inclusion challenges: Though well-paying jobs exist in the district for workers with varying education and skill levels—roughly 55 percent of district jobs do not require a four-year degree—the low-income residents of neighboring communities remain largely disconnected from employment within the district. Oklahoma City’s innovation district concentrates innovation and technology assets that could propel the region into global prominence within a range of converging technologies, particularly those related to health and energy. Oklahoma City’s innovation district concentrates innovation and technology assets that could propel the region into global prominence within a range of converging technologies, particularly those related to health and energy.  But reaching this potential will require that district and Oklahoma City leaders address the area’s challenges and collectively define and support a new vision and set of strategies to create a dynamic, inclusive hub of innovative and entrepreneurial activity. To this end, this report recommends four multifaceted strategies around which innovation district anchor institutions, firms, and civic leaders should rally city and regional stakeholders to engage with their time, expertise, and resources: Establish an Oklahoma Center for Energy and Health Collaboration that serves as the physical and programmatic umbrella for innovation and applied research within these and other sectors. The center would be a staged, multitiered initiative that supports the collaboration between prominent but currently disjoined economic clusters, beginning with energy and health care and eventually expanding to other clusters such as aerospace. The district should become the central hub of collaboration by securing space for the new center and attracting strategic partners, including corporate anchors, faculty from external universities, and entrepreneurs. The center should also house a translational research and commercialization office for crosscutting industry applications of research. The new center would likely be initially funded and operated by the overarching governance structure of the district, but eventually—as regional energy companies and universities outside the district begin to partner with the center on translational research—a coalition of internal and external organizations should emerge to help set the center’s agenda and direction. Implement a technology-based economic development and entrepreneurship effort within the innovation district specifically tasked with overseeing strategic business development, technology business attraction, marketing, and regional cluster development between entrepreneurs, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large firms. This new effort should serve as a conduit between market-oriented entities in the district like i2E, which works with entrepreneurs, researchers, and companies to help them commercialize their technologies and grow new businesses.  Finally, an innovation district seed fund and tailored accelerator would go a long way toward helping research entrepreneurs access early-stage capital for prototyping and market testing. This effort likely does not require a new institution. Instead, existing organizations could coordinate and be tasked and resourced to focus on economic development and entrepreneurship activity within the district. Create a denser, more active, and better-connected mixed-use urban environment in and around the innovation district, an essential complement to the actions recommended above to build a collaborative network among institutions and companies to spark innovation and firm development. To do so leaders should undertake new land use and real estate development efforts that will provide the types of commercial and residential uses, whether in new infill development or in existing buildings, that will lead to a more vibrant, sociable, and around-the-clock district environment; implement new placemaking efforts such as lectures, networking activities, food events and festivals, outdoor performances, recreational activities, health fairs, and opportunities for outdoor play; strengthen connections between the Health Center and Automobile Alley via new landscaping, lighting, and other pedestrian improvements on NE 10th and NE 13th Streets and on the bridges over Interstate 235, and by new development along 10th Street; improve bike and pedestrian routes within the Health Center to allow for easier access between parking lots and workplaces and between workplaces and new destinations (such as programmed public spaces); and make the innovation district more porous and connected to residential neighborhoods. Form a standing committee on diversity and inclusion charged with overseeing the design of strategies aimed at forging better economic, social, and physical connections between the innovation district and the underserved communities surrounding it. The committee would comprise and/or work more broadly with representatives from the district’s institutional and private-sector stakeholders; education providers such as Oklahoma City Public Schools, local community colleges, and technology (CareerTech) centers; area workforce entities; and the nonprofit community, including neighborhood groups.  The committee would focus on issue areas like education, workforce development, entrepreneurship, and placemaking/neighborhood development; guide and oversee goal and strategy development; and serve as a liaison between parties to facilitate alignment and coordination of efforts.  The committee would also evaluate proposals and make funding recommendations. Finally—and as called for in the Oklahoma Regional Innovation District Project Plan—district leaders need to establish a new type of governance entity that gives voice to the district’s narrative, defines what the district should aspire to become, and works with other area stakeholders to determine what innovation, place, and inclusion strategies it needs to employ as a unified place so as to have maximum collective impact on the city and region. Whether Oklahoma stakeholders decide to create a new organization or repurpose an existing one, they have a chance to be trailblazers in establishing an entity that has a singular focus on the district and undertakes all the responsibilities that task entails. Such an entity does not need an army of dedicated staff, but it must have: an executive director who understands the innovation ecosystem and has the ability to coordinate actors both within and outside of the district around defined goals and strategies; a leadership structure (a board or steering committee) with the influence and authority to rally critical stakeholders and guide district efforts; discrete committees (e.g., on diversity and inclusion) and/or standalone initiatives (e.g., the Oklahoma Center for Energy and Health Collaboration) that will develop and drive key strategies; the staff capacity needed to support and coordinate the board, committees, and initiatives; interact with district and non-district stakeholders (including regional industry leaders, local government, the Urban Renewal Authority, neighborhood organizations, etc.); develop, implement, and align district-wide programs, land use planning, and placemaking activities; and raise funds. Most importantly, this entity requires a strong innovation team (or at minimum a high-level leader) that sits between institutions and can catalyze a shared vision that holds a strong value proposition for each individual actor. Fulfilling this role will require a scientific understanding of the research portfolio and the ability to identify external partners, market opportunities, and funding opportunities. Oklahoma City is poised to organize itself to be a fierce competitor in the innovation economy and to build a stronger regional economy as a result—if it has the vision and will to do so.  The city has demonstrated its capacity to coalesce around bold ambitions before, rallying to build the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum, investing in its downtown, and passing multiple rounds of the Metropolitan Area Projects (MAPS) initiative to finance major redevelopment, infrastructure, and school improvements.  It is again time to channel that collective spirit to grow a more inventive, entrepreneurial, and inclusive Oklahoma City economy. Read the full report >>> Report Produced by Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Related Topics Cities & Regions Economic Development Quality of Life Technology & Innovation More The Avenue Automated trucking’s rapid rise overlooks the need for skilled labor Joseph Kane and Adie Tomer Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Cities & Regions Securing global cities General Raymond Odierno (Ret.) and Michael E. O’Hanlon March 2017 The Avenue Amidst federal uncertainty, five steps to drive future water innovation at the regional level Lynn E. Broaddus and Joseph Kane Tuesday, March 14, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Education Middle East & North Africa Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › science home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Space Broadband expansion could trigger dangerous surge in space junk Increase in orbital traffic from thousands of communications satellites could lead to 50% rise in catastrophic crashes, says study Space debris orbiting Earth. A Photograph: University of Southampton/PA Space Broadband expansion could trigger dangerous surge in space junk Increase in orbital traffic from thousands of communications satellites could lead to 50% rise in catastrophic crashes, says study Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Damien Gayle and agency @damiengayle Tuesday 18 April 2017 01.00 EDT Plans to launch “mega constellations” of thousands of communications satellites to allow for global wireless internet could lead to a rise in collisions and build-up of dangerous space junk in Earth’s orbit, a study warns. Google, SpaceX, Boeing and Samsung are among the companies vying to launch global broadband networks by deploying thousands of tiny satellites into low orbit. The first launches are planned for next year. Space junk cleanup mission prepares for launch Read more Dr Hugh Lewis, a senior lecturer in aerospace engineering at the University of Southampton, ran a 200-year simulation to assess the possible consequences of such a rise in orbital traffic. He found it could create a 50% increase in the number of catastrophic collisions between satellites. Such crashes would probably lead to a further increase in the amount of space junk in orbit, he said, leading to the possibility of further collisions and potential damage to the services the satellites were intended to provide. “The constellations that are due to be deployed from next year contain an unprecedented number of satellites, and a constellation launched without much thought will see a significant impact on the space environment because of the increased rate of collisions that might occur,” he said. With about 750,000 objects larger than 1cm orbiting Earth, the junk surrounding the planet is already a major obstacle to attempts to exploit space. At average speeds of 40,000 km/h, impacts on space hardware would deliver roughly the energy equivalent to the explosion of a hand grenade, with potentially dramatic consequences for operational satellites. The European Space Agency, which funded Lewis’s research, is calling for the satellites planned for orbital mega-constellations to be able to move to low altitudes once their missions are over so they burn up in Earth’s atmosphere. They must also be able discharge all batteries, fuel tanks and pressure tanks to prevent explosions that would scatter debris. Dr Holger Krag, the head of the space debris office at the ESA, said many of the companies proposing to launch services provided by such mega constellations lacked experience of the difficulties of working in Earth’s orbit. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The launch of mega-constellations of communication satellites could lead to a rise in collisions, scientists warn. Photograph: University of Southampton/PA He expressed concern at ambitions to manufacture satellites at a fraction of the cost and many times the rate of the current batch of taxpayer-funded spacecraft, while still meeting exacting guidelines for disposing of them at the end of their missions. “They are companies so they have competitors, so they have pressure,” Krag said. “Under these conditions they would have to manufacture satellites that are reliable enough after five years of operations to reliably conduct this disposal manoeuvre. “Right now, under all the taxpayer-funded space flight we are doing today is only able to achieve 60% of success rate for that manoeuvre. How can they be better under commercial pressure and with cheaper satellites? That’s the worry we have.” Lewis is presenting his research this week at the European conference on space debris at the ESA’s centre in Darmsadt, Germany. Krag said he expected some of the companies planning launches to attend. “Even with good intentions it remains an extremely high technological challenge to manage to [meet the ESA’s proposed guidelines],” he said. “Let them achieve a success rate of 90%, which would be extremely good compared with what we do now, and it still means a few hundred satellites will be lost and at that altitude it’s not good. It’s as simple as that.” Topics Space Satellites European Space Agency Broadband Internet University of Southampton news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science selected media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Science › Space back to top world europe US americas asia australia middle east africa Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Nanosensors Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Nanosensors market is expected to grow from $88.87 million in 2016 to reach $2466.09 million by 2022 with a CAGR of 73.9%. Growing demand from healthcare, increased usage in military & defense, and raising R&D activities are the factors favoring the market growth. Furthermore, advanced technological developments in signal processing and microelectronics, cost efficiency of nanosensors are bolstering the market. However, Lack of standardization is restraining the market growth. By end user, defense and military segment commands the global market due to increasing efforts to improve national security. The aerospace segment is anticipated to be the largest segment during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to hold the largest share in global market due to the increasing investments in research and development. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be fastest growing region. Some of the key players in global Nanosensors market include Agilent Technologies Inc., Analog devices Inc, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc., Boeing, Dionex Corporation, Dow Corning, Evident Technologies Inc., Honeywell International, Inc., IBM, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Motorola, Nanodevices Inc., OMRON Corporation, Oxonica, Samsung Electronics Co., and Texas Instruments Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/nanosensors-market Products Covered: • Mechanical nanosensors • Biological nanosensors • Chemical nanosensors Technologies Covered: • Bottom-Up Assembly • Molecular Self-Assembly • Top-Down Lithography End Users Covered: • Defense and military • Aerospace • Environmental Monitoring • Healthcare • Food Management • Automotive • Sports • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/nanosensors-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Autonomous Vehicle Sensor Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Nanosensors Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Autonomous Vehicle Sensor Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Analysis of Global Rubber Belt Track Sales Market Report 2017 Lead Acid Battery Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la date de dépôt anticipé, l’augmentation de la Prime pour dépôt anticipé et de la Contrepartie Totale… Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews DARPA signs agreement with SSL in spite of Orbital ATK law suit The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS DARPA decided to sign agreement with SSL covering continuing program of creating jointly robotic space vehicle able to service satellites remaining on orbit. It is important step for recovering many government satellites remaining on orbit. Joint effort of SSL developing satellite bus and DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) with advanced work on payload entered into another phase. Both organizations will create satellite able to refuel, perform service actions or help in orbit change for satellites remaining on orbit. Cooperation between DARPA and SSL is rather oriented to creating satellite for typically military and strictly governmental purposes and not completely focused on commercial purposes already caused some controversies. First among others was question about economic sense of establishing separate program by DARPA, while already NASA and several private companies started similar projects. One company with particularly most advanced project of service satellite was Orbital ATK, which in fact started such program in 2010. Their Mission Extension Vehicle (MEV) was based on the GEOStar 3 bus and already was contracted to perform first mission in 2018 and perform service action to one from Intelsat satellites. It is advanced program and surely Orbital ATK was not quite satisfied, that DARPA decided to sign agreement with SSL (owned by Canadian  MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates) offering far less advanced solution comparing to MEV. Orbital ATK decided even to form lawsuit against DARPA accusing Agency for lack of economic management and the detriment of American space industry. Lawsuit was formed in February 2017 and first trial is scheduled for 5th May 2017, but probably Orbital ATK has small chance to win. DARPA as research Agency can freely decide about purposes and general directions of development of different projects lead by Agency are not restricted by any law. It could be considered as quite strange, that DARPA doubles commercial programs, not to mention about existing NASA project called Restore-L. But when we take a deeper look on DARPA we will see, that this is rather kind of tradition. To remind, X-37 space plane is utilized by U.S. Air Force since 2010 and was in fact project developed by Boeing and DARPA before it was given to military. DARPA is at the moment developing XS-1 space plane (in the cooperation with Boeing and Northrop) which seems to be similar to Dream Chaser designed by Sierra Nevada Corporation. Dream Chaser was already selected to be used under CRS-2 resupply missions program in future. It seems that it could be easily adopted by DARPA, what would be far less expensive than XS-1 project. in spite of this fact DARPA is continuing development of XS-1. Why ? Probably it is caused by the desire to maintain sustainable development of concepts, which are expensive and has limited number of commercial purposes, or their development is commercially pointless. From the point of view of DARPA not everything should be economically motivated, sometimes long term goals are more important than financial benefits. Boosting projects like XS-1 or service satellite DARPA can test technologies rejected by companies because of their cost or rejected by NASA due the limited possibilities of civilian usage. NASA as civilian agency is simply officially not allowed to test military technologies. DARPA as military focused agency can spent their budget on such concepts and give developed projects to Military, like it was with X-37 in the past.  In case of service satellite, this project is important, because Military is operating number of expensive satellites, which are currently reaching end of their service life due the reaching end of propellant or minor technical issues. They could be easily bring to life with service satellite; using separate military service robotic vehicle will help in servicing secret military satellites without engaging civilian personnel, which would be impossible to avoid with commercial contractors. On picture above: prototype arm of service satellite. Read more at DARPA signs agreement with SSL in spite of Orbital ATK law suit CategoriesUncategorized TagsDARPA, Google News, Orbital ATK, satPRnews, SSL Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Arena Pharmaceuticals Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock Next PostNext NZIOB Charitable Trust to award two $10,000 scholarships Search Recent Posts Edimax Launches10G Switch XGS-5008 to Enhance the Networking Speed Aerovoyce New SIM (International), Broadband, Fibernet Launched By Actor Prashant India Baja Rally flagged off from Jaisalmer Survey Of Pesticide Industry In China Pre-harvest Equipment Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Science WATCH LIVE: NASA shows first 360-degree video of rocket launch EMAIL BY Andrew Wagner  April 17, 2017 at 10:22 PM EDT The S.S. John Glenn is ready for its close-up. In a first for a NASA rocket launch, a 360-degree video camera will live stream the launch of an Atlas V rocket — carrying the Orbital-ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft, dubbed the the S.S. John Glenn — towing supplies and research from Cape Canaveral to the International Space Station. Launch time is 11:11 a.m. EST. Watch live in the player above. The mission is the sixth Orbital-ATK spacecraft to visit the International Space Station as part of the Commercial Resupply Program, a contract Orbital-ATK shares with Boeing and SpaceX. Some of the cargo includes a miniature greenhouse and 38 cubesats, tiny satellites that will study Earth’s thermosphere. This is the last time in the foreseeable future that Cygnus will launch from Cape Canaveral, as the next launches are scheduled to take place at Wallops Island, Virginia. It’s been almost three years since Orbital-ATK’s last launch from Wallops exploded seconds after liftoff, resulting in a fiery conflagration that destroyed the launchpad. Space missions are no strangers to 360 video. In 2016, cosmonaut Andrey Borisenko shot a 360-degree video tour of the ISS and presented a view of Earth from the Cupola module. But this is the first time you’ll be able to see a rocket launch into space in 360 degrees, from the comfort of your computer. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT 360-degree video NASA PREVIOUS POST 5 important stories that can help you (mostly) take a break from politics Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Can Rhode Island’s paid family leave be a national model? SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS How a former diplomat makes sense of ‘A World in Disarray’ Why getting tax reform done is crucial for Republicans PBS NewsHour full episode April 17, 2017 This innovator is trying to make sanitary pads affordable for women in India How should U.S. and allies confront North Korea? News Wrap: Ousted South Korean president indicted A murder video posted online raises debate about Facebook’s responsibility MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 The 8 books librarians can't stop talking about right now 2 How should U.S. and allies confront North Korea? 3 Why getting tax reform done is crucial for Republicans 4 The problem with thinking you know more than the experts 5 This innovator is trying to make sanitary pads affordable for women in India 1 Trump attends Easter service in Palm Beach 2 Supreme Court, with Gorsuch, set to hear church-state case 3 Lawmakers across U.S. move to include young people in voting 4 Tax March protests call for the release of Trump’s returns 5 After failed health care bill, pro-Trump group launches ads supporting fight to repeal and replace Obamacare Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Trump: ‘Runoff will be a win’ in Georgia special election Campaign — 3h 58m ago Pence to South Korea: ‘Our trade relationship is falling short’ International — 4h 32m ago Trump executive order to boost 'Buy American, Hire American' plan coming: report Administration — 4h 46m ago Arkansas AG to appeal stay of execution for man scheduled to die Monday State Watch — 5h 8m ago Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs News — 5h 10m ago Voting machines stolen ahead of Georgia special election: report Campaign — 5h 34m ago Trump to overhaul visa program for high-skilled workers Administration — 5h 56m ago Two new plaintiffs join lawsuit against Trump: report Administration — 6h 3m ago view all   Pence to South Korea: ‘Our trade relationship is falling short’ By Mark Hensch - 04/17/17 10:23 PM EDT 0   © Greg Nash Vice President Pence on Monday said the U.S. is not reaping the full benefits of trading with South Korea. “We have to be honest about where our trade relationship is falling short,” he said in Seoul, according to pool reports. "Our businesses continue to face too many barriers to entry, which tilts the playing field against American workers.” ADVERTISEMENT Pence then urged South Korea to “level that playing field” by reevaluating the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement (KORUS FTA). “We will work with you [to] reform KORUS in the days ahead,” he told about 100 U.S. and South Korean business representatives gathered for his remarks. Pence’s meeting reportedly included representatives from Boeing, Ford, Visa, United Airlines, Oracle, Chevron and more. The vice president said the U.S. will not waver on its decades-long partnership South Korea amid rising tensions with North Korea. “We are with you 100 percent, don’t doubt it for a second,” Pence told listeners during roughly 17-minute remarks. A senior North Korean official said Monday that the U.S. has “created a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any minute.” “[North Korea] is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.,” Kim In Ryong, North Korea’s deputy United Nations ambassador, said in Panmunjom, North Korea. Tensions on the Korean Peninsula have soared amid satellite imagery indicating that North Korea is preparing for its sixth nuclear test. North Korea attempted to launch a ballistic missile off its east coast Sunday but ultimately failed, according to U.S. and South Korean military officials. Trump has pressured China in recent weeks to help curb North Korea’s pursuit of nuclear weapons and deescalate tensions in Asia. Tags South Korea North Korea Mike Pence Business Trade Politics   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Democrats welcome Bernie takeover Democrats previously reticent to welcoming Sen. Bernie Sanders into their... 257 Shares 2 Voting machines stolen ahead of... The equipment was stolen last Saturday evening in Cobb County, Ga. 205 Shares 3 Nuclear anxiety grows with North... The president’s unpredictability has stoked fears about how the situation... 181 Shares 4 North Korea: ‘Thermonuclear war... A senior North Korean official added the U.S. has created "a dangerous... 181 Shares 5 Trump to overhaul visa program for... President Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday that aims to... 171 Shares 6 House Democrat introduces bill to... A House Democrat has introduced legislation to enhance the Constitution’s... 109 Shares 7 Gorsuch has busy first day at... The Supreme Court heard oral arguments with a full court for the first... 107 Shares 8 Spicer: Trump won't release taxes... White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that President Trump's 2016... 106 Shares 9 Oregon man dies 'peacefully' after... An Oregon man died peacefully after his ex-wife told him President Trump... 86 Shares 10 Sweeping change at DOJ under... Sessions has moved quickly to overhaul the policies and priorities set by... 84 Shares 11 Trump robocall attacks Dem in... President Trump recorded a robocall Monday calling on voters to help... 79 Shares 12 Alex Jones ‘playing a character,’... Infowars founder and host Alex Jones is “playing a character,” his lawyer... 66 Shares 13 Rasmussen calls itself most... The pollster is pointing to final results posted by RealClearPolitics. 66 Shares 14 White House: No 'red lines' on... The White House sought to cool public tensions with North Korea on Monday... 59 Shares 15 White House confirms Trump call... President Trump phoned Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Real change in gov't reorg?•NGA inroads w/ Silicon Valley•Closer look at Trump gov't innovation Headlines Get Email Alerts Reporter's Notebook Home » Reporter's Notebook » Reporter's Notebook » Trump’s new innovation office… Trump’s new innovation office strikes a familiar chord By Jason Miller | @jmillerWFED April 17, 2017 4:58 am 5 min read 2 Shares When President Donald Trump announced the new Office of American Innovation a few weeks back, the first thought that came to mind was about how this sounded similar to an Obama administration initiative called the President’s Management Advisory Board. The goal of both organizations is the same: Bring in private-sector experts to help the government improve its back-office and mission-critical processes. So was this just a case of the Trump folks putting a new name on an existing idea, as is the custom when a new administration comes in? Or was there something more here that would set this apart? It’s hard to tell based on the short memo. The only inkling of what OAI will do comes from Section 2 of the memo: White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Advertisement “The OAI will make recommendations to the president on policies and plans that improve government operations and services, improve the quality of life for Americans now and in the future, and spur job creation.” The president offered a few more details on April 11, when he and some Cabinet members met with more than two dozen business leaders, including Jim McNerney, former chairman, president and CEO of Boeing; Mary Barra, chairman and CEO of General Motors; Ginni Rometty, chairman, president and CEO of IBM; and Rich Lesser, CEO of Boston Consulting Group. Trump told the CEOs: “With your help and insights we’ll use the private-sector innovation to drive job creation and reform government. We have computer systems in this country that are 40-years old. So when you hear we’re hacked … we’re like easy targets. One of the things we’re doing, we’re working with a very, very wonderful woman from IBM.” He added that his administration will have a “massive program” to modernize computer equipment. Trump said the cost of maintaining computers is “so high it’s not even a believable number.” The CEOs divided into five groups and met with different secretaries to talk about trade, education, workforce development, energy and environment, regulatory reform and infrastructure. That detail sure makes it sound like what the Obama administration started in 2010 with the PMAB. The PMAB included a rotating set of industry executives from companies such as Symantec, the American Red Cross and Aetna. “We worked to identify best practices in the private sector that could be applied to government. This work was informed by lots of outreach to the private sector, including bringing in Fortune 500 CEOs and technology leaders for a White House Forum on Modernizing Government in January 2010,” said a former Obama administration official, who requested anonymity to talk about the new White House office. “The President’s Management Advisory Board provided advice and recommendations on effective strategies for the implementation of the best business practices on government management and operations, with a focus on productivity, the implementation of innovative methods, customer service, and technology.” The official, who was close to the inner workings of the board, said the PMAB helped the Office of Management and Budget and agencies better manage federal IT, leading to $4.7 billion in savings, as well as streamline purchasing by implementing strategic sourcing and category management principles, which led to a decrease of $20 billion in annual contract spending, and reduce the government’s real estate footprint by 25 million square feet. But the PMAB had its challenges too. Just like OAI likely will find out, not every concept that works in the private sector will work in government. Tony Scott, the former federal CIO, who spent most of his career in the private sector, said over his two-year tenure he found the PMAB’s advice thoughtful and useful. But he said sometimes the lack of a real understanding of how government works by the private-sector folks led to some suggestions that just weren’t achievable. “What you want is a group of diverse opinions in there to generate a set of things for your organization to grind on,” he said. “I think that’s why the new office could be interesting.” He said there still isn’t enough information about the OAI to get a sense of their focus areas, but he would recommend the group serve as a central body for specific initiatives. Latest Technology News Space, Spock & satellites Federal Tech Talk NASA's chief cyber executive to leave Exclusive Taking cybersecurity a step further with attribute-based access control Commentary The former official also cautioned about the challenges of bringing in private sector practices without understanding the government’s culture. But that doesn’t mean opportunities don’t exist either. “There are clearly areas where the private sector has made more progress, or identified faster or more efficient ways of doing business, than government agencies,” the official said. “I believe the PMAB, and efforts like the U.S. Digital Service, were important, impactful steps forward in improving government operations. The official added the USDS and the General Services Administration’s 18F organization “took the best private and public-sector practices and helped scale them across agencies — saving millions of dollars and always with a focus on helping citizens.” The hope is the Office of American Innovation doesn’t try to reinvent the wheel and takes a serious look at what the PMAB, USDS, 18F and others already have done to improve federal systems and services. The private sector brings a lot to the table, but the profit motive and smaller organizations just don’t compare to the federal government. Jared Kushner, the assistant to the president and his son-in-law, is leading OAI and would be smart to bring in some former federal executives as well as some career employees to help bring some realism to the discussion. Too often, as we saw with the PMAB, an idea like strategic sourcing may work for Symantec or Aetna, but the government is a totally different environment with political, social and culture concerns that most companies do not have. Return to the Reporter’s Notebook Related Stories New White House innovation office to take on federal acquisition OMB Jared Kushner’s 2 big challenges for ‘OAI’ Tom Temin Commentary OMB turns to the people-solution to fix troubled IT programs Technology OMB launches PortfolioStat to reduce commodity IT spending Defense Topics: Acquisition All News Barack Obama Donald Trump First 100 Days Industry/Associations Jared Kushner Jason Miller Management Office of American Innovation OMB President's Management Advisory Board Reporter's Notebook Reporter's Notebook Technology Tony Scott White House Workforce Leave A Comment Home » Reporter's Notebook » Reporter's Notebook » Trump’s new innovation office… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS Today in History 1961: Bay of Pigs invasion begins Fed Photo of the Day Trump White House embraces Easter tradition Top Stories They might not like OMB’s approach, but a third of feds support gov’t restructuring Top Story NASA’s chief cyber executive to leave Exclusive Little-noticed section of OMB’s reorg memo brings the real potential for change Reporter's Notebook Poor performers a heavy focus of OMB restructuring memo Workforce Navy bans vaping on ships, subs, aircraft Federal Headlines THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 17, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7354 0.0312 1.73% L 2020 25.1698 0.0779 2.91% L 2030 27.8831 0.1332 4.13% L 2040 29.9414 0.1674 4.73% L 2050 17.1259 0.1088 5.28% G Fund 15.2931 0.0040 0.59% F Fund 17.7638 -0.0132 0.93% C Fund 32.5844 0.2782 6.07% S Fund 42.4029 0.4520 4.57% I Fund 26.3666 0.1134 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Business Markets US stocks bounce following weekend tensions to close near session highs Financials helped push markets ahead, with the three major markets rising 0.9%. By Nicole Rojas April 17, 2017 23:23 BST A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York on 30 March 2017REUTERS/Brendan McDermid US stocks rebounded on Monday (17 April) to close near session highs, as concerns over geopolitical tensions eased and banks rallied. The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 183.67 points, or 0.9%, to settle at 20,636.92. Boeing Co, JP Morgan Chase & Co and Nike Inc were the leading advancers, according to MarketWatch. The S&P 500 rose 20.06 points, or 0.9%, to close at 2,349.01, with all 11 sectors trading higher. The financials, real estate and industrial sectors led gains. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF, which track's the index's financials, gained 1.8% to post its best daily rise since 1 March, FactSet data revealed. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite jumped 51.64 points, or 0.9%, to end at 5,856.79. Significant gains were made by Nvidia Corp and Amazon.com Inc, which rose 4% and 2%, respectively. "I think this is a relief rally," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, told CNBC. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given the geopolitical situation, he said. Monday's rally comes after a particularly tense weekend between the US and North Korea, with concerns about aggressions escalating coming to a head. North Korea held its annual display of force, parading its military, missiles and rocket launchers ahead of a failed missile launch. The weekend also included an unannounced visit to the Korean Peninsula's demilitarized zone by US Vice President Mike Pence, who warned Pyongyang "not to test" the resolve of Trump. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments, said to CNBC. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." Investors have remained cautious amid the geopolitical tensions, as well as concerns about Trump's ability to move ahead with his tax plans. According to CNBC, US stocks rallied on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without including the border adjustment tax. Mnuchin added that a tax reform plan on President Donald Trump's desk before August was "highly aggressive to not realistic at this point". Gold prices rose 0.3% at $1,291.90 an ounce, while crude oil prices declined 1% to $52.65 a barrel. MarketWatch reported oil prices declined following data released Thursday (13 April) showed the 13th weekly rise in a row in the number of active US oil rigs. Treasury's benchmark 10-year yield dropped to its lowest level since 17 November before rallying to trade around 2.23%, CNBC reported. The dollar dropped 0.2% against a basket of currencies. More from IBTimes UK Customers forced off overbooked Easyjet flight at Luton airport Tesco to save over £100m in the next five years after cut in business rates Steve Wozniak: Apple, Google and Facebook will still be around and 'bigger' in 2075 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Mark Carney urges businesses to embrace Fintech Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “Employing cheaper overseas labour makes us complicit in creating underclass of unemployed Brits READ MORE Tesco to save over £100m in the next five years after cut in business rates The supermarket chain will get a £105m cut despite recording profits... Uber reports financials for the first time amid scandals, says growth outpaces losses 'We're fortunate to have a healthy and growing business,' Uber's... Britain's creative industries sector seeks greater inclusion in government's industrial strategy The sector may have a lot of economic potential for the government to... Asia: Nikkei and Sensex surge while most of Asia express dismal outlook The Hang Seng and S&P/ASX hover close to a 1% decline. Weetabix set to be bought by US cereal giant Post Holdings for £1.4bn A formal announcement of the agreement is expected when US markets... US stocks bounce following weekend tensions to close near session highs Financials helped push markets ahead, with the three major markets... Customers forced off overbooked Easyjet flight at Luton airport The low-cost airline failed to offer compensation, it emerged. Asia: Nikkei, Hang Seng, Sensex emerge robust while Shanghai, Straits Times, ASX/S&P falter The Nikkei rose by nearly 0.65% during early trading hours. China's economy 'off to a good start' after growing by 6.9% during Q1 2017 Services sector registered the largest increase of 7.7%. Property values in Britain fell by £29bn during first quarter of 2017, Zoopla says Bridport in Dorset County reported the greatest drop with a 2.06%... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick April 17, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 17, 2017: Markets opened higher Monday following a long weekend that saw tensions with North Korea relax and better economic data out of China. Earnings season ramps up this afternoon with both Netflix and United Continental reporting first quarter results after Monday’s close. Equities have been moving on an upward line all day, with every sector except energy showing a gain for the day. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $52.65 a barrel, down 1% on the day. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,291.90. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.89% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.82%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.81%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.88% at $178.74. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about half the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company has announced another round of layoffs. Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) traded up 1.71% at $56.28 The stock’s 52-week range is $49.01 to $60.53. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 9.3 million shares. The company had no specific news. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded up 1.66% at $85.80 The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The big bank had no specific news Monday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded up 1.35% at $167.19. The stock’s 52-week range is $126.60 to $172.14. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3.7 million. The company is scheduled to announce earnings before the market opens Tuesday. Of the Dow stocks, 28 are on track to close higher Monday and just 2 (Chevron and Exxon Mobil) are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Nike (NYSE:NKE), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Poorest Town in Every State The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Could United Airlines Earnings Ever Have Been Good Enough? Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock United Continental shares 1% higher after company reports earnings United Continental Q1 sales $8.4 billion, in line with expectations United Continental Q1 adj. EPS 41 cents vs. expectations 38 cents Google To Move In Near Tesla's Reno Gigafactory Wal-Mart (WMT) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos 5 Top-Ranked China Stocks to Buy as Growth Surges in Q1 U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Asia stocks mixed, dollar subdued amid North Korea concerns Netflix shares head for new high after strong subscriber outlook Most major Western leaders to skip China's New Silk Road summit INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round Supreme Court Mulls Time Bars For SEC Recovery of Ill-Gotten Profits Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter Report: Paul Manafort Now Advising Chinese Billionaire On Trump Infrastructure Contracts Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Arcan Cetin in court in Mount Vernon last year. (Brandy Shreve / Skagit Valley Herald via AP, File) Man accused of killing 5 at Burlington mall dies in jail Rikki King Scott North Mon Apr 17th, 2017 4:53pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The man accused of shooting and killing five people at Cascade Mall in Burlington last year died Sunday in the Snohomish County Jail. Arcan Cetin, 20, was being held in Everett while awaiting trial in Skagit County on multiple aggravated-murder charges. Aid crews were called to the jail about 6:50 p.m. Sunday. Cetin is believed to have hanged himself, said Rosemary Kaholokula, Skagit County’s chief criminal deputy prosecutor. The Snohomish County Medical Examiner’s Office is expected to conduct a death investigation along with the sheriff’s Major Crimes Unit. That is standard procedure after a death in the jail, sheriff’s Lt. John Flood said. Details about Cetin’s custody placement were not provided Monday. Local jail records show Cetin was moved here March 10. The move was requested by his attorneys, officials said. Cetin had undergone a mental health evaluation at Western State Hospital. His attorneys requested a separate evaluation, Kaholokula said. It was not clear Monday whether that had occurred. Cetin was due in court next week for a hearing to determine whether he was competent. On Sept. 23, the Oak Harbor man allegedly carried a rifle into the mall and shot five people, including four with ties in Snohomish County. The shootings were captured on security cameras. No one else is facing charges in connection with the deaths. The dead included Belinda Galde, 64, of Arlington. The longtime probation counselor was fatally shot along with her mom, Beatrice Dotson, 95. Boeing worker Wilton Charles “Chuck” Eagan, 61, of Lake Stevens, was at the mall with his wife when the bullets found him. Shayla Martin, 52, was at her job in the cosmetics department in Macy’s when the gunman opened fire. The Mount Vernon woman was the sister of Karen Van Horn, a longtime employee of The Daily Herald. Van Horn on Monday declined comment. Eagan’s family released a statement through Skagit County prosecutors. “We’re understandably in shock over this development. Our heart goes out to Mr. Cetin’s family. We pray that the man repented to God before his death,” they wrote. “While this event puts to rest our fear of his release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief. The family wishes to extend our continued thanks to those who responded to this tragedy, especially law enforcement and the Skagit County Prosecutor’s office for their steadfast professionalism and compassion. We are also grateful to all of those in the community whose love has helped see us through the past six months as we grieve and remember Chuck.” Sunday’s death was the first at the jail since 2014, according to the sheriff’s office. The Everett lockup has begun to attract regional attention for successful efforts to make it a safer, more humane place. Gov. Jay Inslee visited in January and said the work could be a model for other communities in Washington. When Sheriff Ty Trenary took over the jail in July 2013, one of his first priorities was addressing a string of inmate deaths. The sheriff consulted with outside experts, who encouraged him to dial back on bookings and to focus on improving the jail’s ability to monitor inmate health and safety. Despite some pushback, the sheriff began refusing to house people for nonviolent misdemeanors or whose medical conditions made it difficult to detain them safely. The sheriff also has been a leader in efforts to redirect people living with mental illness from winding up behind bars. At the same time, jail staff have stepped up monitoring for those who are booked with addictions to opioids or alcohol. The jail is the county’s largest de facto detox center. There were 13 jail deaths from 2010 through September 2014. While there were some suicides, most involved inmates with serious health problems, often linked to longtime abuse of drugs and alcohol, records show. The rate of jail deaths was consistent with those seen at similar-sized lockups around the country, according to a federal Department of Justice statistician. Rikki King: 425-339-3449; rking@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @rikkiking. Most Read Longtime Herald features editor Melanie Munk dies at 64 She cared about our readers. Whether it was an easy-to-read recipe, a… Apr 16th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Snohomish to discuss salary for new strong mayor SNOHOMISH — The Snohomish City Council plans to resume its discussion about… Apr 16th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Stanwood wrestling state champion relocates to Ohio to train Anyone who spends any length of time around Mason Phillips can readily… Apr 16th, 2017 by Brian Adamowsky Arlington, Darrington headed to finals in competition ARLINGTON — They have 15 minutes. It’s not much time to sum… Apr 16th, 2017 by Kari Bray Power tussle divides state school agencies, lawmakers OLYMPIA — As two of the state’s venerable forces in public education… Apr 16th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Education Middle East & North Africa Report Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district Scott Andes, Jason Hachadorian, Bruce Katz, Anna Siprikova, Jennifer S. Vey, and Meg Walker Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon For media inquries, contact: Grace Palmer gpalmer@brookings.edu 202-765-8561 Download Download PDF File Positioning for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district In today’s global economy, cities rise above international competitors—or not—based on their ability to innovate not within single industries—autos, steel, energy—but rather by finding new points of convergence across them.  Authors Scott Andes Senior Policy Associate and Associate Fellow - Centennial Scholar Initiative, Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Twitter scott_andes J Jason Hachadorian Research Assistant Bruce Katz Centennial Scholar - Centennial Scholar Initiative Twitter bruce_katz Anna Siprikova Project Associate - Project for Public Spaces Jennifer S. Vey Fellow and Co-Director - Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Twitter jvey1 Meg Walker Senior Vice President - Project for Public Spaces The implications of this new competitive landscape for Oklahoma City are significant. Two of the region’s largest economic clusters—energy and health care—are undergoing substantial disruption.  The expansion of North American natural gas has opened the energy economy to new players. In health care, life science breakthroughs are coupling with information technology in areas like personalized medicine and health IT to redefine the care continuum, creating wide openings for technology and life science capitals like Austin, Texas; Boston; and San Francisco. Yet as crosscutting technologies—from “big data” to sensing—expand the competitive playing field in industries critical to Oklahoma City, they also create unprecedented opportunity for the region to vault ahead of its peers. This great leap will not happen spontaneously, however.  To leverage advantages in health, energy, and other sectors, Oklahoma City’s public and private leaders need to take action to improve joint industry-relevant research; grow, attract, and retain new technology companies; and ensure that the workforce is prepared for future jobs.  They need to invest in creating dynamic, high-quality places where research institutions, firms, and talent concentrate and connect.  And they need to nurture the talents and potential of low-income residents, who, if history is any lesson, will otherwise remain disconnected from the innovation economy’s growth. Related Content Cities & Regions The Rise of Innovation Districts Bruce Katz and Julie Wagner Monday, June 9, 2014 The Oklahoma City metropolitan area has long-standing industry strengths and assets on which to build a new convergence economy. The region dominates in oil and gas extraction, and it is becoming a global center for advanced energy technology, evidenced by the recent opening of the General Electric (GE) Global Research Oil & Gas Technology Center.  Outside of energy, the region has economic strengths in aerospace engineering, led by Tinker Air Force Base, Boeing, and Northrop Grumman, and in health care, driven by the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center (OUHSC), the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation (OMRF), and several private-sector firms, including COARE Biotechnology, Charlesson, and Selexys. The new GE facility and these health care assets largely concentrate in Oklahoma City’s emerging innovation district.  Bounded roughly by Robinson and Lottie Avenues to the west and east and 4th and 13th Streets to the south and north, this 1.3-square-mile area encompasses both the Oklahoma Health Center and the vibrant commercial corridor of Automobile Alley.  A significant center of job growth, the district reflects the shifting geography of the global economy and the emergence of dense hubs of economic activity where innovation, entrepreneurship, creativity, and placemaking intersect. With the right investments, the Oklahoma City innovation district has the potential to become a major center of gravity for innovation and economic development in Oklahoma City. With the right investments, the Oklahoma City innovation district has the potential to become a major center of gravity for innovation and economic development in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma City’s innovation district is already a vital part of the region’s innovation economy.  Over 18,000 people work in the area, almost 5 percent of the city’s total. Its cluster of medical and research institutions attracts three-quarters of the project dollars the state receives from the National Institutes of Health, and its improved commercialization outcomes, coupled with the presence of business support organizations like i2E, position it to become the region’s hub of entrepreneurial activity.  Furthermore, the district’s proximity to downtown—which is home to several major energy company headquarters—and other areas of growth give it a powerful locational advantage.  Though only about 1,200 people live within the district itself, the neighborhoods to the west and south, such as Bricktown and Deep Deuce, have enjoyed a noticeable uptick in housing values, development, and amenities. For all its strengths, however, the district yet to tap its full potential, and it faces a number of challenges in terms of innovation, place, and inclusion: Innovation challenges: A historically medical-centric area, the district has neither the density nor diversity of institutions, firms, startup companies, and innovations spaces that many of its peers possess. And while many of the area’s health care and energy institutions and firms are physically close to one another, few organizing structures exist to strategically connect these industries—to one another and to other regional assets in Norman and elsewhere—around common technology platforms. Place-related challenges: The district’s car-centric physical layout and lack of gathering spaces hinder companies and workers from taking advantage of their proximity to interact, exchange ideas, and build collaborative networks.  Meanwhile, limited walkability in and around the district makes the more amenity-rich areas nearby feel further away than they actually area. Such place-related drawbacks may impede the ability of district firms and institutions to attract young talent. Inclusion challenges: Though well-paying jobs exist in the district for workers with varying education and skill levels—roughly 55 percent of district jobs do not require a four-year degree—the low-income residents of neighboring communities remain largely disconnected from employment within the district. Oklahoma City’s innovation district concentrates innovation and technology assets that could propel the region into global prominence within a range of converging technologies, particularly those related to health and energy. Oklahoma City’s innovation district concentrates innovation and technology assets that could propel the region into global prominence within a range of converging technologies, particularly those related to health and energy.  But reaching this potential will require that district and Oklahoma City leaders address the area’s challenges and collectively define and support a new vision and set of strategies to create a dynamic, inclusive hub of innovative and entrepreneurial activity. To this end, this report recommends four multifaceted strategies around which innovation district anchor institutions, firms, and civic leaders should rally city and regional stakeholders to engage with their time, expertise, and resources: Establish an Oklahoma Center for Energy and Health Collaboration that serves as the physical and programmatic umbrella for innovation and applied research within these and other sectors. The center would be a staged, multitiered initiative that supports the collaboration between prominent but currently disjoined economic clusters, beginning with energy and health care and eventually expanding to other clusters such as aerospace. The district should become the central hub of collaboration by securing space for the new center and attracting strategic partners, including corporate anchors, faculty from external universities, and entrepreneurs. The center should also house a translational research and commercialization office for crosscutting industry applications of research. The new center would likely be initially funded and operated by the overarching governance structure of the district, but eventually—as regional energy companies and universities outside the district begin to partner with the center on translational research—a coalition of internal and external organizations should emerge to help set the center’s agenda and direction. Implement a technology-based economic development and entrepreneurship effort within the innovation district specifically tasked with overseeing strategic business development, technology business attraction, marketing, and regional cluster development between entrepreneurs, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large firms. This new effort should serve as a conduit between market-oriented entities in the district like i2E, which works with entrepreneurs, researchers, and companies to help them commercialize their technologies and grow new businesses.  Finally, an innovation district seed fund and tailored accelerator would go a long way toward helping research entrepreneurs access early-stage capital for prototyping and market testing. This effort likely does not require a new institution. Instead, existing organizations could coordinate and be tasked and resourced to focus on economic development and entrepreneurship activity within the district. Create a denser, more active, and better-connected mixed-use urban environment in and around the innovation district, an essential complement to the actions recommended above to build a collaborative network among institutions and companies to spark innovation and firm development. To do so leaders should undertake new land use and real estate development efforts that will provide the types of commercial and residential uses, whether in new infill development or in existing buildings, that will lead to a more vibrant, sociable, and around-the-clock district environment; implement new placemaking efforts such as lectures, networking activities, food events and festivals, outdoor performances, recreational activities, health fairs, and opportunities for outdoor play; strengthen connections between the Health Center and Automobile Alley via new landscaping, lighting, and other pedestrian improvements on NE 10th and NE 13th Streets and on the bridges over Interstate 235, and by new development along 10th Street; improve bike and pedestrian routes within the Health Center to allow for easier access between parking lots and workplaces and between workplaces and new destinations (such as programmed public spaces); and make the innovation district more porous and connected to residential neighborhoods. Form a standing committee on diversity and inclusion charged with overseeing the design of strategies aimed at forging better economic, social, and physical connections between the innovation district and the underserved communities surrounding it. The committee would comprise and/or work more broadly with representatives from the district’s institutional and private-sector stakeholders; education providers such as Oklahoma City Public Schools, local community colleges, and technology (CareerTech) centers; area workforce entities; and the nonprofit community, including neighborhood groups.  The committee would focus on issue areas like education, workforce development, entrepreneurship, and placemaking/neighborhood development; guide and oversee goal and strategy development; and serve as a liaison between parties to facilitate alignment and coordination of efforts.  The committee would also evaluate proposals and make funding recommendations. Finally—and as called for in the Oklahoma Regional Innovation District Project Plan—district leaders need to establish a new type of governance entity that gives voice to the district’s narrative, defines what the district should aspire to become, and works with other area stakeholders to determine what innovation, place, and inclusion strategies it needs to employ as a unified place so as to have maximum collective impact on the city and region. Whether Oklahoma stakeholders decide to create a new organization or repurpose an existing one, they have a chance to be trailblazers in establishing an entity that has a singular focus on the district and undertakes all the responsibilities that task entails. Such an entity does not need an army of dedicated staff, but it must have: an executive director who understands the innovation ecosystem and has the ability to coordinate actors both within and outside of the district around defined goals and strategies; a leadership structure (a board or steering committee) with the influence and authority to rally critical stakeholders and guide district efforts; discrete committees (e.g., on diversity and inclusion) and/or standalone initiatives (e.g., the Oklahoma Center for Energy and Health Collaboration) that will develop and drive key strategies; the staff capacity needed to support and coordinate the board, committees, and initiatives; interact with district and non-district stakeholders (including regional industry leaders, local government, the Urban Renewal Authority, neighborhood organizations, etc.); develop, implement, and align district-wide programs, land use planning, and placemaking activities; and raise funds. Most importantly, this entity requires a strong innovation team (or at minimum a high-level leader) that sits between institutions and can catalyze a shared vision that holds a strong value proposition for each individual actor. Fulfilling this role will require a scientific understanding of the research portfolio and the ability to identify external partners, market opportunities, and funding opportunities. Oklahoma City is poised to organize itself to be a fierce competitor in the innovation economy and to build a stronger regional economy as a result—if it has the vision and will to do so.  The city has demonstrated its capacity to coalesce around bold ambitions before, rallying to build the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum, investing in its downtown, and passing multiple rounds of the Metropolitan Area Projects (MAPS) initiative to finance major redevelopment, infrastructure, and school improvements.  It is again time to channel that collective spirit to grow a more inventive, entrepreneurial, and inclusive Oklahoma City economy. Read the full report >>> Report Produced by Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Initiative on Innovation and Placemaking Related Topics Cities & Regions Economic Development Quality of Life Technology & Innovation More The Avenue Automated trucking’s rapid rise overlooks the need for skilled labor Joseph Kane and Adie Tomer Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Cities & Regions Securing global cities General Raymond Odierno (Ret.) and Michael E. O’Hanlon March 2017 The Avenue Amidst federal uncertainty, five steps to drive future water innovation at the regional level Lynn E. Broaddus and Joseph Kane Tuesday, March 14, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Education Middle East & North Africa Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity Weed (4/20) Record Store Day National Poetry Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance New To Town Green Guide Person of Interest Home Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity Weed (4/20) Record Store Day National Poetry Month Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG News • War Is North Korea Going to Bomb Seattle? by Katie Herzog • Apr 17, 2017 at 12:50 pm Tweet liulolo Yipping conservative hounddog Ann Coulter took to Twitter recently with a message: Gen. Michael Hayden: N Korea will make nuke capable of hitting Seattle! Situation will be dire as soon as they can hit a city worth saving. — Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 6, 2017 Coulter was referring, of course, to escalating tensions between the US and North Korea. Fresh off his first “successful” attack on another country, Trump, our bronzer-dusted president, has now turned his sights from Syria to North Korea, a place led by a man whose instability rivals that of our own dear leader, and who has recently launched a series of missile tests that have only made tensions between the two nations worse. Is it time to start shopping for underground bunkers? The news is, after all, filled with dire predictions of the oncoming nuclear holocaust—and for good reason: During his 10-day tour of Asia, VP Mike Pence visited the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, and he told reporters that preemptive military action against North Korea has not been ruled out. In response, North Korea said that its military is on “high alert” and warned the US not to fuck with it. Right now, we’ve got two unstable leaders with weird hair and daddy issues threatening each other from opposite ends of the globe, and Seattle is located right in the middle. Not only is Seattle the US city closest to North Korea, we’re also near Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Boeing, and a Trident submarine base. And the collapse of our local tech industry would devastate the US economy. Richard Ellings, president of the National Bureau of Asian Research, called Seattle the “ultimate target.” Ann Coulter might not give a fuck about losing her life—or her Amazon Prime membership—in a nuclear holocaust, but just how concerned should Seattleites be? “I wouldn't be too worried,” says Jenny Town, assistant director of the US-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. “I think there is a possibility for some kind of military action but I don't think it's going to escalate to the point of nuclear annihilation.” Whew! The good news for us is that North Korea doesn’t yet have the capabilities to hit us with a nuke. They are, however, working on it, and some experts think North Korea could have the technology to hit Seattle by the end of the Trump administration, assuming he manages stay in office for the whole four years. But what's more likely than an attack on Seattle, Town says, is an attack on US military bases or on our allies in Asia in response to a preemptive strike from the Trump administration. “It's hard to say what the Trump administration is really thinking because there's been a lot of mixed messaging,” Town says. “Trump is not a seasoned diplomat. He isn't necessarily familiar with how government is supposed to run or how military is suppose to run. He's already shown to a be a little reckless in terms of using military actions without a larger strategy or without anticipating the kind of backlash that could happen, as we saw with Syria and Afghanistan.” While this means that those of us in Seattle won’t likely be the victims in this conflict, American troops as well as civilians in North Korea, South Korea, Japan, and elsewhere won’t be so lucky. So you can sleep peacefully tonight, Seattle, but remember there are plenty of people just like you who can’t. 18 You might also be interested in these: This Week in The Stranger, Plus Most Read on Slog by Leilani Polk There Was A Break-In at the CoCA Archives This Weekend by Amber Cortes Pick Up Green Guide in the Current Print Issue of The Stranger to Read the Stories Before They Appear Online by Christopher Frizzelle Most Popular in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: Caught Between Her Man and His Hot Friend by Dan Savage Is North Korea Going to Bomb Seattle? by Katie Herzog Mike McGinn Gives a First Glimpse at His Mayoral Campaign Platform by Heidi Groover Cascade Mall Shooter Found Dead in Jail by Steven Hsieh Andrew Sullivan to Black and Brown People: You're Poor Because You're Not Hardworking Like Asians by Charles Mudede Molly Moon's Ice Cream Launches Mooncrew Record Label with Cataldo's Keepers by Dave Segal This Week in The Stranger, Plus Most Read on Slog by Leilani Polk Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
Just In 2mins Appealing for calm, China says US wants talks on North Korea 6mins US National Security Adviser meets Modi 30mins US Supreme Court spares Arkansas inmate from execution 49mins Pence visits Japan, turning focus to trade with key ally 1hr Trump to sign executive order on reform of H-1B visa system 1hr Manipur Congress MLA joins BJP 2hrs Rupee reclaims 3 paise against US dollar 2hrs Nifty regains 9,200-level, Sensex zooms 267 points in early trade 2hrs ‘Star Wars’ may get more sequels after its ninth episode 5hrs Top Maoist leader Narayan Sanyal passes away Man held for harassing Chennai woman on train Warrant against actor Sanjay Dutt cancelled ‘Less lethal’ plastic pellets to be used in Kashmir CBI files FIR on senior TMC leaders in Narada news sting Former Afghan President: Massive US bomb was an ‘atrocity’ Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Begumpet IAF station gets new chief Share On JUST IN 2mins Appealing for calm, China says US wants talks on North Korea 6mins US National Security Adviser meets Modi 30mins US Supreme Court spares Arkansas inmate from execution 49mins Pence visits Japan, turning focus to trade with key ally 1hr Trump to sign executive order on reform of H-1B visa system 1hr Manipur Congress MLA joins BJP 2hrs Rupee reclaims 3 paise against US dollar 2hrs Nifty regains 9,200-level, Sensex zooms 267 points in early trade 2hrs ‘Star Wars’ may get more sequels after its ninth episode 5hrs Top Maoist leader Narayan Sanyal passes away Man held for harassing Chennai woman on train Warrant against actor Sanjay Dutt cancelled ‘Less lethal’ plastic pellets to be used in Kashmir CBI files FIR on senior TMC leaders in Narada news sting Former Afghan President: Massive US bomb was an ‘atrocity’ CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Data point: On thin ice News Cities Hyderabad Hyderabad Begumpet IAF station gets new chief Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 18, 2017 01:15 IST Updated: April 18, 2017 01:15 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Special Correspondent HYDERABAD April 18, 2017 01:15 IST Updated: April 18, 2017 01:15 IST more-in Air Commodore C.K. Kumar took over as Air Officer Commanding of Air Force Station, Begumpet on Monday. The Air Officer was commissioned into the Indian Air Force in 1987 and had earlier served in an Operational Transport Squadron in the East. A qualified flying instructor and also a post-graduate from Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, he held several posts like the Flight Commander of the Boeing and Boeing business jet flights of Air Headquarters Communication Squadron, etc., Director Personnel Officers (Transport) at Air Headquarters and also as Command Flying Training Officer at Headquarters Training Command, Indian Air Force. He was awarded Vayu Sena Medal by the President on 26 January 2012 for his distinguished service. Prior to this appointment, the Air Officer was Commanding Air Force Station Palam, a press release said. Post a Comment More In Hyderabad Hyderabad defence defence equipment Related Articles << Previous Story SCR passenger earnings up by ₹ 252 cr Next Story >> Heatwave alert for 3 more days Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 18, 2017 12:33:42 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Hyderabad/begumpet-iaf-station-gets-new-chief/article18086598.ece © The Hindu Reminiscing the protest that shaped Telangana State Osmania University students taking the lead to achieve Telangana created a new chapter in the State’s history R. Ravikanth Reddy It’s an endless wait on the roads Why do city buses come in bunches, asks Mamatha (19), a first-year degree student? Very rarely do I get the choice of my bus within a few minutes, she Special Correspondent Top Picks in The Hindu today ‘Star Wars’ may get more sequels after its ninth episode Historic Channakeshava temple turns 900 Phishers target SBI customers Special doors at Metro Rail stations to check suicide bids ‘Video game inspired multiple murder in Kerala’ ‘Indian firm’s Zika virus vaccine 100% efficient in animal trials’ RSS wing to share 'sages’ wisdom on childbearing' Cleveland Thyagaraja fest on hold as police hunt killer MT's epic novel to turn ₹1,000-crore film Is Snapchat really not meant for “the poor”? Close X Next Story >> Heatwave alert for 3 more days CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers amid Sales Slowdown Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers amid Sales Slowdown Apr 17, 2017 EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Advertisement Boeing Co. (IW 1000/29) plans to lay off hundreds of engineers in Washington state and other locations -- and may eliminate more jobs later this year as the planemaker contends with slowing aircraft sales. The latest workforce reduction, which should take effect June 23, follows a separate exodus of 1,500 mechanics and 305 engineers and technical workers who agreed to leave voluntarily earlier this year. Both union and non-union workers will be affected, Doug Alder, a Boeing spokesman, said on April 17. Additional engineering job cuts may follow later this year depending on “our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition,” John Hamilton, vice president of engineering for the commercial airplanes unit, said in a letter to employees on April 17. The Chicago-based company, which emerged as the face of U.S. manufacturing under President Donald Trump, has been winnowing employment for more than a year as a record jetliner sales spree fades. Boeing trimmed the workforce in the Seattle area, its traditional manufacturing base, by 9% to 70,640 employees over the past year. The company’s total headcount has shrunk 7.6% to 146,962 since March 2016. Alder wouldn’t say which locations would be affected by the job cuts. A spokesman for SPEEA, the union representing Boeing’s engineers, couldn’t immediately be reached for comment. Some unionized workers may be eligible to be recalled at a future date. Popular Now Virtual Reality: The Supply Chain's Next Stage of Evolution 8 Steps to Proper Operational Process Change The Automotive Industry: Economic Impact And Location Issues By Julie Johnsson Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing Freezes Jetliner Prices Amid Sluggish Sales 1 Boeing Cuts 4,000 Jobs Amid Commercial Unit Makeover 1 Brazilian Autoworkers Fearful of Future Amid Sales Slump Boeing Engineers Approve 6-Year Pact, Avert Labor Showdown 1 Boeing to Cut 1,800 Engineering, Production Jobs in Seattle 3 THE LATEST Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers amid Sales Slowdown Talking-Car Safety Mandate Hits Unexpected Pothole of Opposition Arconic CEO Exits After 'Poor Judgment' in Fight With Elliott Driverless Cars are Learning from Grand Theft Auto Construction Industry's Labor Shortage May Be Manufacturing's -- and Robots' -- Gain Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership 1 The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Arconic CEO Exits After 'Poor Judgment' in Fight With Elliott Construction Industry's Labor Shortage May Be Manufacturing's -- and Robots' -- Gain Want to Keep Your Millennial Workers? Boeing's Largest 737 Max Jet Takes Flight Amid Market Downdraft Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series How to Develop a Corporate Culture that Drives Operational Excellence Leverage Workforce Management to Drive Hourly Employee Engagement & Productivity Plant Optimization -- Taking Control of Manufacturing Operations Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? More   Advertisement More from EHS Today Work Safety Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Allegheny Robotics meet in Pittsburgh brings together startups and heavy-hitters Aaron Aupperlee | Wednesday, April 12, 2017, 6:39 p.m. Nate Smallwood | Tribune-Review Gary Fedder, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University's Robotics Institute and the interim CEO of the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute speaks to reporters at the institute's kick-off meeting at the National Robotics Engineering Center in Lawrenceville on Wednesday, April 12, 2017. Nate Smallwood | Tribune-Review Attendants of the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute kick-off meeting wait for speakers to begin at the National Robotics Engineering Center in Lawrenceville on Wednesday, April 12, 2017. Nate Smallwood | Tribune-Review Greg Hudas, a Department of Defense employee and the program manager for Manufacturing USA, speaks at the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute's kick-off meeting National Robotics Engineering Center in Lawrenceville on Wednesday, April 12, 2017. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Partnerships that government officials and roboticists said they hope will move the United States to the forefront of robotic manufacturing started to form Wednesday in Pittsburgh. More than 200 representatives of U.S. companies and universities met at the National Robotics Engineering Center in Lawrenceville for the first major meetings of the Advanced Robotics for Manufacturing Institute, known as ARM. Representatives from mammoth companies such as Airbus, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Amazon and Wal-Mart sat next to the founders and CEOs of Pittsburgh robotic startups such as IAM Robotics and RE2 Robotics and staff from top universities and community colleges. “You're all prospective members of ARM,” Gary Fedder, the institute's interim CEO, said Wednesday at the start of two days of recruitment and planning activities. The institute is the latest of 14 such centers across the United States meant to advance domestic manufacturing. It will run on $80 million in federal money for the next five years plus an expected $173 million in funding and in-kind contributions from companies and universities. The Department of Defense announced in January that it would base its advanced robotics institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Fedder said the institute is hiring staff and will start bringing on members in the next two weeks. “This is a wonderful opportunity that we have in front of us,” said Howie Choset, the institute's chief technology officer and a professor in Carnegie Mellon's Robotics Institute who worked on the university's petition for the institute. “We're all just happy and excited to get started.” Greg Hudas, a Department of Defense employee who is the project manager of the 14 manufacturing institutes, said work at the robotics institute will help the United States catch up to China, Germany, Japan and other countries that have outpaced America in manufacturing. Catching up through robotics will bring manufacturing jobs back to America, Hudas said, and could create more jobs than are replaced by automation. Hudas said the institute will focus on innovations in the automotive industry, textiles, electronics and the medical field. Programs from the institute could start at the end of the summer, Hudas said. Those early efforts will include education programs at the K-12 and college levels and training and retraining opportunities at community colleges, universities and tech schools. Hudas said to expect to see robots in small businesses. “We feel the time is right for this technology to actually increase jobs,” Hudas said. “We're No. 1 in the world when it comes to innovation and technology. We need to be No. 1 again in manufacturing.” Aaron Aupperlee is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach Aupperlee at aaupperlee@tribweb.com or 412-336-8448. More Allegheny Owner of Pittsburgh home health care company denies defrauding Medicaid Man, 18, shot Monday evening on North Braddock street Obama to attend Dan Rooney's funeral service in Pittsburgh Police: Pepsi-Cola employee shoots another at Stowe Twp. plant Parents step in to save Pittsburgh baseball league rocked by theft scandal TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Obama to attend Dan Rooney's funeral service in Pittsburgh Friend, family remember Lincoln Place man killed in West Mifflin crash Man, 18, shot Monday evening on North Braddock street Twitter Feed A Twitter List by Pittsburgh Tribune-Review staff Featured Photography Pope Francis celebrates Easter Sunday A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Small Satellite Market major Key Players Are AEROSPACE CORPORATION, HARRIS CORPORTION, OHB, ONEWEB LTD.,BOEING and More “Small Satellite” Small Satellite -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021 Small Satellite Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Small Satellite -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and analysis of Top Key Player Forecast to 2021” To Its Research Database This report studies sales (consumption) of Small Satellite in Global market, especially in USA, China, Europe, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering SIERRA NEVADA CORPORATION ST ENGINEERING LIMITED SURREY SATELLITE TECHNOLOGY LTD. PLANET LABS INC. AIRBUS DEFENSE AND SPACE NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION SPACE EXPLORATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (SPACE X) BOEING THALES ALENIA SPACE MILLENNIUM SPACE SYSTEMS INC. LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION GEOOPTICS INC ONEWEB LTD. OHB HARRIS CORPORTION SPIRE GLOBAL INC. AEROSPACE CORPORATION Report Detail’s@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/659475-global-small-satellite-sales-market-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Small Satellite in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Small Satellite in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/659475-global-small-satellite-sales-market-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Small Satellite Sales Market Report 2016 1 Small Satellite Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Small Satellite 1.2 Classification of Small Satellite 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of Small Satellite 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Small Satellite Market by Regions 1.4.1 USA Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Small Satellite (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global Small Satellite Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global Small Satellite Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Global Small Satellite Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Small Satellite Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Small Satellite Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.1.2 Global Small Satellite Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.2 Global Small Satellite (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Small Satellite Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.2.2 Global Small Satellite Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.3 Global Small Satellite (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Small Satellite Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.3.2 Global Small Satellite Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.4 Global Small Satellite (Volume) by Application … 9 Global Small Satellite Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 SIERRA NEVADA CORPORATION 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Small Satellite Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Type I 9.1.2.2 Type II 9.1.3 SIERRA NEVADA CORPORATION Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 ST ENGINEERING LIMITED 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 125 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Type I 9.2.2.2 Type II 9.2.3 ST ENGINEERING LIMITED Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 SURREY SATELLITE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 142 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Type I 9.3.2.2 Type II 9.3.3 SURREY SATELLITE TECHNOLOGY LTD. Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 PLANET LABS INC. 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Sept Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Type I 9.4.2.2 Type II 9.4.3 PLANET LABS INC. Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 AIRBUS DEFENSE AND SPACE 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Type I 9.5.2.2 Type II 9.5.3 AIRBUS DEFENSE AND SPACE Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Million USD Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Type I 9.6.2.2 Type II 9.6.3 NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 SPACE EXPLORATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (SPACE X) 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Aerospace & Defense Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Type I 9.7.2.2 Type II 9.7.3 SPACE EXPLORATION TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (SPACE X) Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 BOEING 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Type I 9.8.2.2 Type II 9.8.3 BOEING Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 THALES ALENIA SPACE 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Type I 9.9.2.2 Type II 9.9.3 THALES ALENIA SPACE Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 MILLENNIUM SPACE SYSTEMS INC. 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Type I 9.10.2.2 Type II 9.10.3 MILLENNIUM SPACE SYSTEMS INC. Small Satellite Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 9.12 GEOOPTICS INC 9.13 ONEWEB LTD. 9.14 OHB 9.15 HARRIS CORPORTION 9.16 SPIRE GLOBAL INC. 9.17 AEROSPACE CORPORATION Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=659475 Continued…                                                                         Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)  Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/659475-global-small-satellite-sales-market-report-2016 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computers & Software, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Connected Aircraft Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext OVERNIGHT LANE CLOSURES APRIL 18-22 FOR PAVING ON ROUTE 37 IN FREDERICK COUNTY Search Recent Posts North America Website Builders Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 MS Resin (SMMA) Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 Lutein Market 2022: Analyzed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Busbar Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Bulk Acoustic Wave Sensors Market 2022: Analyzed by Business Growth, Development Factors, Applications, and Future Prospects Proudly powered by WordPress
Green Car Reports News Today in Car News April 17, 2017 Electric jet, Cadillac plug-in hybrid, European... Hybrids April 17, 2017 2017 Cadillac CT6 plug-in hybrid sedan reviewed... Europe April 17, 2017 Europe diesel sales sag slightly, continuing... All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased... Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and... What U.S. cities have the most solar power? New... Leaf vs Bolt EV, Tesla pickup, cheaper Prius... More News » First Drives First Drives More » 2018 Toyota C-HR first drive March 20, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid video drive review March 6, 2017 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid: first drive review February 21, 2017 Guides Green Car Guides More » Buying Guides February 10, 2017 Plug-in hybrid price guide: every 2017 model... Buying Guides January 17, 2017 Electric Car Price Guide: every 2017 all-electric... Buying Guides March 29, 2016 How to buy an electric-car charging station... Electric All Cars Electric More » Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and... April 17, 2017 Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in... April 14, 2017 Electric-car charging networks spin out, merge... April 14, 2017 Car Types News by Car Type See all new cars » HYBRID ELECTRIC DIESEL FUEL CELL Popular Green Cars 2017 Chevrolet Volt 2017 Nissan Leaf 2011 Tesla Roadster 2017 Toyota Prius Video Follow Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+ Home News Today in Car News Electric jet, Cadillac plug-in hybrid, European diesel sales, another Audi e-tron: Today's Car News Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close Electric jet, Cadillac plug-in hybrid, European diesel sales, another Audi e-tron: Today's Car News John Voelcker Apr 17, 2017 Follow John Add to circle Teaser for Audi e-tron Sportback concept debuting at 2017 Shanghai auto showEnlarge Photo Today, we've got another preview from the important Shanghai auto show, some Eurodiesel news, a first drive of a plug-in hybrid Cadillac, and the audacious idea of an electric airplane All this and more on Green Car Reports. A new electric-jet startup has some important backers: Boeing and JetBlue, though neither has committed yet to production or sales. Audi has teased an e-tron "four-door coupe" utility vehicle that it'll show in concept form at this week's Shanghai auto show. The Chinese show, by the way, is turning out to be a whole lot greener for new cars and concepts than last week's New York auto show. Diesel sales in Europe are continuing to sag, but they haven't fallen off a cliff, despite the Volkswagen diesel emission scandal. We weren't there, but we have the first drive reports of the 2017 Cadillac CT6 Plug-In Hybrid luxury sedan. More on diesels: on the other hand, diesel owners in the U.K. are being offered more than $2,000 to scrap older diesel vehicles (which have remarkably little emission-control gear and would never pass U.S. standards, we should point out). Finally, we have word that Volkswagen will build a second SUV in the U.S. to take advantage of underutilized capacity in its assembly plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee—and it may well offer a plug-in hybrid powertrain. _______________________________________________ Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook and Twitter Prev Post Next Post Tags: Today in Car News Posted in: Green News Recommended Galleries Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in stability test Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased for Shanghai auto show Genesis GV80 fuel-cell concept SUV at NY auto show   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us Get daily e-mail updates GO I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Take Us With You!   News In Your Inbox GreenCarReports Sign Up I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Related Articles Tesla trucks, 217-mph Lucid electric, cheaper Prius hybrid, and puppies: Today's Car News Tesla vs GM, plug-in Jeep concept, fuel-cell Genesis SUV, Mercedes diesels DOA? Today's Car News Leaf driver on Bolt EV, Demon vs Tesla, Honda Clarity gets plugs, hydrogen vs electric (again): Today's Car News Bolt EV lease deal, 2018 VW Golf, longterm Tesla test, Trump's carbon plans: Today's Car News Follow Us On Facebook Green Car Reports on Get FREE Dealer Quotes From dealers near you Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Zip Code: Go! Most Popular This Week 1 First impressions of Chevy Bolt EV by Nissan Leaf driver   2 Q: Why is Tesla worth more than GM? A: The sins of Detroit   3 Tesla Model S at 36,000 miles: Car and Driver's long-term...   4 Toyota Prius One: stripped-down hybrid added at lower price   5 Tesla trucks: semi to be shown in Sept, pickup in 18-24 months   More » Find Green Cars Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Bentley Ferrari FIAT Genesis Lamborghini Lotus Maserati McLaren Rolls-Royce smart Tesla Select Model Go! Topics GAS MILEAGE HYBRIDS ELECTRIC CARS DIESEL ALT FUELS AUTO SHOWS Photo Galleries Genesis GV80 fuel-cell concept SUV at NY auto show Luxury electric Lucid Air sedan hits 217 mph in stability test Honda Clarity Electric, Plug-In Hybrid sedans revealed at NY auto show Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue All-electric Audi e-tron Sportback concept teased for Shanghai auto show « 1 of 5 » Get the Web's best green cars newsletter! We'll email you the latest in green car news every day. Subscribe More from High Gear Media   Watch a 4,000-hp Corvette dragster try to fly Porsche is finally coming to Playstation's Gran Turismo Ferrari Land opens in Spain 97.5 percent of Volkswagen diesel owners have chosen buyback, not repair 2016 Mitsubishi Outlander, Outlander Sport recalled to fix door latch glitch Diesel deathwatch? UK to offer owners £2,000 to scrap their diesels   News Reviews Buying Guides RSS Feed Electric Gas Mileage Car Types Company About Us Contact Us Press Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Reprints Follow Us   © 2017 Green Car Reports. All Rights Reserved. Green Car Reports is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Nano Drone Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Global Nano Drone Market Market Analysis Research Report on “Global Nano Drone Market 2017 Industry Growth, Size, Trends, Share and Forecast to 2021” to their research database. PUNE, INDIA , April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Nano Drone Market Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/792382-global-nano-drone-market-research-report-2016 This report studies Nano Drone in Global Market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Parrot SA 3D Robotics Inc. Microdrones GmbH Lockheed Martin Corporation Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. Aerovironment Inc. Elbit Systems, Ltd. DA-Jiang Innovations Science and Technology BAE Systems The Boeing Company Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Nano Drone in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Nano Drone in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/792382-global-nano-drone-market-research-report-2016 Table of Contents Global Nano Drone Market Research Report 2016 1 Nano Drone Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Nano Drone 1.2 Nano Drone Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Nano Drone by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Type I 1.2.3 Type II 1.2.4 Type III 1.3 Nano Drone Segment by Application 1.3.1 Nano Drone Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 Nano Drone Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Nano Drone (2011-2021) 7 Global Nano Drone Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Parrot SA 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Parrot SA Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 3D Robotics Inc. 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 3D Robotics Inc. Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Microdrones GmbH 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 Microdrones GmbH Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Type I 7.4.2.2 Type II 7.4.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Type I 7.5.2.2 Type II 7.5.3 Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Aerovironment Inc. 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Type I 7.6.2.2 Type II 7.6.3 Aerovironment Inc. Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Elbit Systems, Ltd. 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Type I 7.7.2.2 Type II 7.7.3 Elbit Systems, Ltd. Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 DA-Jiang Innovations Science and Technology 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Type I 7.8.2.2 Type II 7.8.3 DA-Jiang Innovations Science and Technology Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 BAE Systems 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Type I 7.9.2.2 Type II 7.9.3 BAE Systems Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 The Boeing Company 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Nano Drone Product Type, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Type I 7.10.2.2 Type II 7.10.3 The Boeing Company Nano Drone Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued… Buy Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=792382 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Innovative Drug Delivery Firm Integral BioSystems LLC Featured in Article in ARVO News Spring 2017 Edition Next PostNext New Market Research Report: Global UV Sensors Market 2021 with Business Offerings Trends Analysis Quantitative Forecasting Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 18 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Gary Jet Center gets Supplier of the Year Award from Boeing By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 17, 2017 The Gary Jet Center has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Global Diversity category by The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA), the company said. Gary Jet Center was one of 13 companies honored April 12, 2017 at a gala in Dallas, TX for distinguished performance in working with Boeing. Gary Jet Center previously was honored with this award in 2013. In January, Gary Jet Center was notified that it was one of 480 companies to receive the Boeing Performance Excellence Award which rewards performance excellence. Achieving the Supplier of the Year designation further acknowledges superior performance and labels this class of winners as best of the best. This year´s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in nearly 48 countries around the world. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. The Gary Jet Center provides aircraft maintenance and repair, as well as global flight technical support and line services to their Executive Flight Operations, based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport (KGYY) in Gary, Indiana. Gary Jet Center is an aviation services company With over 110,000 sq. ft. of hangar space based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport that provides fixed base operations to a variety of corporate and general aircraft, aircraft management services to over a dozen aircraft owners, Part 135 Charter operations, and two Part 145 Maintenance certificates. Related posts Granite Construction wins USD 59m sub-contract for international terminal project at LAX April 17, 2017 Granite Construction Incorporated (NYSE:GVA) has been awarded a USD 59m sub-contract by the Turner/PCL Joint... JetBlue to begin nonstop flights between Port-au-Prince, Orlando Flights April 17, 2017 JetBlue (NASDAQ:JBLU) will operate service between Port-au-Prince´s Toussaint Louverture International Airport (PAP) and Orlando International... Rockwell Collins acquires B/E Aerospace for USD 8.6bn April 17, 2017 Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE: COL) has successfully completed the acquisition of B/E Aerospace, a manufacturer... AIAA elects next President April 17, 2017 John S Langford, Chairman has been elected the next President for the American Institute of... WestJet reports March 2017 traffic increases April 17, 2017 WestJet has reported March 2017 revenue passenger miles (RPMs), or traffic, an increase of 8.7%... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Delta completes 13th Global Build with Habitat for Humanity in Mexico Azul elected third best airline by TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories Editorial Cartoons April 16-22 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Ex-Im Bank Lands Trump President flip-flops on financial institution that delivers benefits to state Published: April 17, 2017, 6:03 AM A   A Among his numerous policy reversals last week, one of President Trump’s most notable flip-flops for Washington residents involves the Export-Import Bank. With Washington relying upon international trade more than any other state, we are hopeful that Trump’s evolving position can convince naysayers in Congress of the bank’s importance. “I was very much opposed to Ex-Im Bank because I said what do we need that for IBM and General Electric?” Trump told The Wall Street Journal. “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies will really be helped, the vendor companies. But also maybe more importantly, other countries give … we lose a tremendous amount of business.” During last year’s campaign, Trump was quick to echo the mantra of congressional conservatives, who claim that the bank amounts to crony capitalism. We could say that it is unsurprising that Trump would stake out a position without understanding the issue, but we will attempt to withhold our snark. Instead, the important thing is that the president has landed on the right side of the issue. Fred P. Hochberg, who recently stepped down as chairman of the bank, said, “We ought to applaud people when they learn and they change their minds.” The Export-Import Bank has been in existence since 1934, being reauthorized without controversy until recently. Tea Party Republicans have made it a cause celebre, claiming the bank chooses winners and losers among industries and risks losing money. The fact that the bank has always returned a profit for the federal Treasury — including more than $1 billion in 2013 — did not carry much weight. Trump embraced these taking points during the campaign before seeing the light. According to the Wall Street Journal, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg deserves credit for instructing him on how the bank works. “It’s a very good thing, and it actually makes money,” Trump told the Journal. “You know, it actually could make a lot of money.” The Export-Import Bank provides loans and guarantees them so foreign buyers can purchase goods from American companies. Commercial banks frequently are reluctant to take the risk of dealing with foreign buyers, which means the existence of the bank is essential to large American manufacturers such as Boeing. Equally important, it is essential to small manufacturers, the kind who don’t have an automatic footprint on the global economy. As Trump hinted, when Boeing lands a large overseas contract with help from the Ex-Im Bank, that benefits the thousands of small vendors who provide supplies or labor for the company — including hundreds in this state. And the fact that more than 50 other countries have their own version of a government-run bank to assist manufacturers should provide a clear signal that such banks are beneficial to the economy. Far too many Republicans in Congress fail to recognize this, however. Congress allowed the bank’s charter to expire in July 2015; after pressure from business groups, it was reauthorized later that year. But the Senate Finance Committee has blocked confirmation votes to fill vacant seats on the board of directors, meaning the bank has been unable to authorize loans for more than $10 million. The Ex-Im Bank returned $284 million to the Treasury in 2016, a far cry from its previously robust windfall. With Trump now supporting the Export-Import Bank, Congress should follow suit. Hundreds of Washington companies and thousands of Washington workers are depending upon it. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Latest Military Drone Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 Military Drone Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trend & Forecast Research Report 2015-2022 The new research report on Military Drone Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global military drone market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). Get FREE Sample Report Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16360 Highlighted below are some prominent market drivers and restraints: A. Market Drivers > Increasing demand of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in military > Adoption of drones to combat threats B. Market Restraints > Battery related issues Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015-2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report covers following company profiles (can be customized as per requirement): > AAI Corporation – Textron Systems > AeroVironment > Aeryon Labs Inc. > American Dynamics > BAE Systems > BOEING > General Atomics Aeronautical Systems  > Israel Aerospace Industries > Lockheed Martin > Northrop Grumman See the complete TOC and segmentations @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/16360-military-drone-market-report The report classifies the market into different segments based on payload and drone type. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Military Drone Market Analysis By Payload 5. Military Drone Market Analysis By Drone Type 6. Military Drone Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of The Military Drone Companies 8. Company Profiles Of The Military Drone Industry Purchase Complete Global Military Drone Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16360 OTHER RELATED REPORTS: Global Aircraft Leasing Market Research Report – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015-2022. Europe leads the global aircraft leasing market followed by Asia and North America. The key players in the global aircraft leasing market include AerCap Holdings NV, ALAFCO, KSCC, Ansett Worldwide Aviation Services, BBAM LLC, Boeing Capital Corporation, GE Capital Aviation Service, SAAB Aircraft Leasing and SMBC Aviation Capital.– See more at: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/195-aircraft-leasing-market-research-report Global Commercial UAV Market Research Report – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2021. The industry is highly competitive and is majorly driven by product and technology innovations. Major companies manufacturing UAV’s include BAE Systems, DJI, Elbit Systems, General Atomics, AeroVironment Inc., Parrot SA, Israel Aerospace Industries, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin Corporation, The Boeing Company and Textron Inc. – See more at: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/703-commercial-uav-market-report About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. Follow us on LinkedIn for our latest upcoming reports – https://www.linkedin.com/company/decisiondatabases-com For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com Blog: blog.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Connected Healthcare Market | Forecast Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Smart Coating Market – Growth, Trends and Forecasts 2015-2022 Search Recent Posts CCA Industries, Inc. Reports Net Income for the first Quarter Ended February 28, 2017 58.com Announces Agreement to Raise US$200 million from Tencent for the Development of Used Goods Trading Platform Zhuan Zhuan Kleangas Energy Technologies, Inc. (KGET: OTC Pink Current) | CaliPharms Enters Acquisition Discussions with United Cannabis Retailers, Inc. Logistics Robots Market 2017 – Fanuc, ABB, Vecna, Pro Mach, Schaffer, Dematic, Hitachi, Bastian, KUKA (Swisslog), Amazon Robotics, CIM Corp Overhead Cranes Market 2017 – ZPMC, Jinrui, Weihua, Henan Mine, Konecranes, Terex, KITO GROUP, ABUS, GH Crane & Components, Gorbel, Eilbeck Cranes Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Remember me Lost your password? Contact Got a Story Media Enquiries Contact the news desk Our Team Home About FAQ Sitemap Subscribe via RSS Feed Socialise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Youtube Recent News Jet2 boots unruly stag parties off Manchester to Prague flight Construction of eco hotel at Eden Project gets thumbs up Conor McGregor in hot water over stunt with Lord Aleem VIP hire car Weather forecasters predict cold snap to hit the UK at Easter Vodka swilling Coventry mum banged up for drunk driving India extends validity of online evisas Strike keeps Alitalia flights on the ground Enterprise buys independent Ireland car hire firm Dan Dooley Netherlands port town welcomes new dockside crane hotel Expedia says US is cutting holiday prices to counter Trump effect Top Stories Cheryl Cole to Reunite with Ashley on Holiday?13 UK petrol prices hit record high5 Does Heathrow Airport really need another runway and teminal? 3 Will the Kinect Be Able to Help the Xbox 360 Overtake the Wii in Sales?3 Anonymous Wikileaks backers explain web attacks3 Secret hackers Anonymous neither leaderless nor anarchic3 Henry proposes staying at Anfield for Reds3 Yellowstone volcano may soon erupt3 Student wins right to wear anti-gay T-shirt at school 3 People May Get Their Hands on Sony's NGP This Year3 Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 Airline|April 17, 2017 9:45 am Jet2 boots unruly stag parties off Manchester to Prague flight Members of two stag parties were escorted off a Good Friday Jet2 flight bound for Prague due to their unruly behaviour. Flight LS887 had already left its parking bay at Manchester Airport for a 15:15 takeoff, but the pilots were forced to turn around so the misbehaving passengers could be offloaded. At the parking bay, police officers boarded the Boeing aircraft and escorted a total of 23 passengers off. The pilot announced that Jet2 would not tolerate anti-social or abusive behaviour towards cabin staff and other passengers on its flights. Not all of the stag party revellers were kicked off the flight, but police officers did warn them that the same thing could happen if they didn’t tone down their antics. Apologising for the incident, a Jet2 spokesperson explained that one passenger had been arrested and two more given cautions for public order offences. The spokesperson continued by saying the airline was sorry the disruptive behaviour of a few had ruined the start of the Easter holidays for other passengers on the Prague flight. The flight was delayed by more than two hours and did not take off until 18:00. Passengers on the flight took to Twitter and other social networking websites to vent their annoyance at being marooned on Manchester’s tarmac. One described the groups as idiots and said they were being generally obnoxious, using offensive language and breaking property. Another praised cabin crew for their professional and hospitable attitudes during the incident. She added people doing their jobs should not have to deal with any abuse and some of the stag revellers had crossed the line into what was unacceptable behaviour. Comments comments Share this post: Author: Andy Mayer In the Press Martin Lewis of moneysavingexpert.com: Early booking using comparison sites including Carrentals.co.uk can slash up to 70% For the best deals, use price comparison websites such as Carrentals.co.uk. Check out car hire comparison sites such as Carrentals.co.uk to see the prices on offer at dozens of car hire companies. Social Tweet The Team Meet the team... Affiliates Discover our affiliate programme History Carrentals: Established 2003... Know before you go Be prepared for your destination Subscribe Get the best deals delivered straight to your inbox: Privacy Policy Cookies on Carrentals.co.uk Copyright 2003 ASAP Ventures Ltd All rights reserved Registered in England and Wales Company number 4278063 Registered office address 1 The Square, Lightwater, Surrey, GU18 5SS Top
Close Latest Minutes Politics Culture Magazine Climate Books Photography Podcasts Subscribe About Advertise Contact FAQ Jobs RSS Masthead Privacy Subscriber Services Menu MagazineSubscribe Stephen Maturen/Getty Professor Carnage Dave Grossman teaches police officers to think like "warriors." But is the rise of a militarized mindset turning black citizens into targets? By Steve Featherstone April 17, 2017 Early one Friday morning, more than 250 police officers file into a high school auditorium in Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania. Dressed in the uniform of the off-duty cop—polo shirts and khakis accessorized with pistols and handcuffs—the officers are here to attend a seminar called “The Bulletproof Mind: Prevailing in Violent Encounters … and After.” As the cops settle into their seats, a burly National Guard sergeant in camouflage fatigues takes the floor to introduce the man who will lead the seminar: Lt. Col. Dave Grossman, a retired Army ranger and former West Point instructor. A lean and energetic man, Grossman paces back and forth between two oversize pads of paper propped on easels. Equal parts motivational speaker, drill sergeant, and prophet of doom, he jabs the air with a fat permanent marker of the sort favored by graffiti artists. “We. Are. At. War,” he tells the officers, many of them from small towns in Pennsylvania. “And you are the frontline troops in this war. There is no elite unit showing up to save your bacon when the terrorists attack. You are the Delta Force. You are the Green Beret. You are British SAS. Can you accept that? Every single one of you is in the frontline of a live ammo combat patrol every day of your life.” BLACK LIVES Why Black Lives Matter Still Matters Three years after BLM launched a nationwide uprising against police violence, what's next for the movement? By Peniel E. Joseph The Fire Last Time An elite police squad was supposed to clean up the streets of 1970s Detroit. Instead, it terrorized African Americans, and turned the city into a battleground. By Mark Binelli Sitting next to me, my father listens intently as he sips coffee. A retired cop who experienced his share of violent encounters during his 35 years on the Syracuse police force, he knows firsthand about being on the frontlines. He’s been thrown on the ground, pelted with rocks, threatened with power tools and knives, and shot at with a rifle. I’ve brought him to the seminar this morning to get his take on Grossman, the godfather of a controversial philosophy known as “warrior policing.” The author of On Killing, a treatise on the psychological nature of military and police violence that has sold nearly 500,000 copies, Grossman is the world’s sole authority on “killology,” a scholarly field of his own invention that examines the factors that “enable and restrain killing” by soldiers and cops. For nearly two decades, he has taught tens of thousands of police officers, sheriff’s deputies, and federal agents in every state to cultivate what he calls a “warrior mindset”—being mentally prepared to kill at any moment. Grossman’s goal, in essence, is to get cops to think more like soldiers, training them to regard the communities they serve as territory occupied by potential insurgents. Warrior training, and the martial mindset it advocates, has contributed to a string of high-profile police shootings of black citizens, intensifying national protests over police violence and the widespread use of military tactics and equipment by America’s police departments. Jeronimo Yanez, the police officer who shot and killed Philando Castile in front of his girlfriend and her four-year-old daughter during a routine traffic stop in a Minneapolis suburb last July, had attended a seminar on warrior policing co-taught by Grossman. Yanez shot Castile seven times, at point-blank range, because he mistakenly believed that Castile was reaching for the gun in his pocket instead of his wallet. Jeronimo Yanez, the officer in Minnesota who had taken Grossman’s seminar, caught in the act of killing Philando Castile.YouTube Calibre Press, an Illinois-based publisher of tactical training manuals for cops, organized the “Bulletproof Warrior” seminar that Yanez attended. In an online description that has since been taken down, Calibre promised students they would learn “how to utilize the ‘Warrior Spirit’ in a practical way so they can WIN hostile confrontations on the street.” When I emailed Grossman to ask him what this meant, he invited me to attend one of his own seminars to see what the warrior concept is all about. Addressing the cops, Grossman makes the case for warrior policing. His voice rises as he paints a portrait of the United States as a crime-ridden dystopia. It’s a sturdy right-wing trope, not unlike the “American carnage” that President Trump evoked in his inaugural address. “Crazy bad times are upon us and it’s going to get a helluva lot worse,” Grossman warns. “Good news.” He chuckles. “You have job security. The world very desperately needs what you have to give.” My father smiles wryly. Cops didn’t think of themselves as warriors in his day. But by the time he retired, in 1998, he had witnessed firsthand the seismic shift in policing that gave rise to the warrior cop. “The younger cops are a little different, you know,” he told me. “Christ, they pump fucking iron, got shaved heads, got fucking tattoos.” He likened them to Special Forces soldiers. “I think they’re being trained that way,” he added. “You guys didn’t get trained like that?” I asked. “No,” he said. “You were just an ordinary person that happened to be a cop. You weren’t out to conquer the fucking world. Just the assholes, that’s all.” This is Grossman’s fifth presentation in as many days. He is on the road 300 days a year spreading the warrior gospel, because he believes that nothing less than the survival of our civilization depends upon it. “I get home one, maybe two nights a week,” he tells his audience, hitching his belt. “Conjugal visit, clean underwear, back on the road.” The assembled cops laugh. Then Grossman clasps the microphone close to his chest. “I have an intense sense of urgency,” he intones. “And I implore you to share this sense of urgency.” The morning sessions contain a lot of Sturm und Drang delivered in a well-rehearsed, rapid-fire patter. “The murder rate exploded across America,” Grossman shouts, scribbling city names and percentages from 2015 on an easel. “An explosion of homicides like nothing we have seen since the American Civil War!” Assertions like these, the kind that Trump deployed during his march to the White House, are misleading. Most of the increase in violent crime in 2015 was concentrated in just seven cities. Criminologists can’t explain precisely what fueled the spike in murders, but the uncertainty provides fertile ground for Grossman’s grim prescience. The future, he says, is mass murder. There will be massacres on school buses and in day-care centers, ultraviolence by Mexican drug cartels spilling over the border, the “systematic ambush, murder, and execution of cops,” ISIS-inspired butchery, September 11–scale terror attacks—and perhaps worst of all, in his estimation, the emergence of a “vicious generation of kids” raised on “the sickest movies and the sickest video games,” who will soon “give us crimes as adults we never dreamed of.” During a break, we get up to stretch our legs. “He’s a little intense,” says my father, “but he’s 100 percent right.” He especially likes Grossman’s appraisal of Grand Theft Auto V, a video game my dad couldn’t distinguish from Super Mario Kart, as a “cop-killing murder simulator.” Grossman stands at a table signing books and bantering with attendees. A woman with wavy blond hair tells him that she loves being a cop. “Ain’t that a neat thing to say?” says Grossman, nodding in affirmation. “How many people go to work every day, take a bite of a dirt sandwich to make a living, and how many say they love what they do?” “Yeah, couldn’t imagine doing anything else,” the woman says. “It’s a tough … a tough atmosphere.” “Hoo-ah! It is a hard time!” Grossman finishes writing an inscription in her book, then reads it back to her. “Ecclesiastes 3:3: a time to kill, a time to heal.” Grossman has taught his warrior-cop philosophy, which mentally prepares police to kill, to tens of thousands of officers and federal agents.Photograph by Antonio Bolfo Grossman’s father was a police officer in Cheyenne, Wyoming for a short time in the 1960s before taking a job with Boeing as part of the government’s nuclear security program. The family moved every 18 months, following the trail of Minuteman missiles that were being installed throughout the Midwest in the 1960s. Grossman graduated high school at 17 and went to work in the Nebraska oil fields. It was grueling, dangerous work, and he quit after six months. Soon after he turned 18, he enlisted in the 82nd Airborne. Grossman’s career as a “killologist” began with a simple yet profound question: What’s it like to kill another human being? After basic training, he expected to be shipped off to Vietnam. The Army had trained him how to kill, but he didn’t know what it would feel like. It was a taboo topic among combat veterans, and the war ended before he got a chance to find out for himself. The Army sent Grossman to the University of Texas, where he earned his masters in education psychology. His thesis, On Killing, was published in 1995. In the book, Grossman makes the bold assertion that humans aren’t natural-born killers, but must be psychologically conditioned to overcome their innate inhibition against taking life. “If we understand how we can empower people to kill,” he says, “then we can understand how to turn it off, what signals to look for.” In 1998, after he retired from the military, he founded the Killology Research Group to focus full-time on writing and speaking. His timing was perfect. The war on drugs—and later the war on terror—transformed police departments into paramilitary forces, spreading the warrior ethos to every corner of American law enforcement. Between 2002 and 2011, the Department of Homeland Security handed out $35 billion in grants to state and local police. At the same time, the Pentagon supplied surplus military gear—everything from assault rifles to armored personnel carriers with rotating turrets—to practically every police department in the country. Even small-town departments could now afford their own SWAT teams, whether or not they needed them. According to Peter Kraska, an expert in police militarization at Eastern Kentucky University, more than 80 percent of towns with fewer than 50,000 residents now have a SWAT team—and nationwide, such units are called out some 50,000 times a year, most often for raids on the homes of low-level drug offenders. The military gear has been accompanied by a military mindset. Warrior training, like the kind offered by Grossman, seeks to instill cops with the same instincts as soldiers. “You gotta be on high alert, and you gotta look for any indices of threat, and you need to eliminate that threat, just like the military does, in a second,” says Kraska. Advocates insist that warrior training helps prepare cops for a job where even a routine traffic stop can turn deadly in a matter of seconds. Nick Selby, a Dallas-area police detective and co-author of In Context: Understanding Police Killings of Unarmed Civilians, says warrior training likely prevents killings by giving officers the ability to control their fear and respond to deadly threats with lethal precision. “Warriors survive,” Selby says, “because they have the tactics, and the understanding of the dynamics, and they’ve trained enough that they can keep their wits about them when they have to think.” The problem is, training police officers to think like warriors effectively alienates them from the communities they are sworn to protect. It can also lead them to perceive threats where none exist, escalating what should be minor conflicts into deadly force encounters. Along with a host of other policies that the criminal justice system has inflicted disproportionately on communities of color—stop and frisk, broken windows, three strikes—police shootings have fostered an atmosphere of deep distrust. Once cops started thinking like occupying troops, a clash like the one that followed the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, became all but inevitable. “The angst against this sort of militaristic, overhyped policing has been growing for a long time,” Kraska says. Grossman peppers his talk with examples of warriors worthy of emulation—laconic Spartans, noble knights, Batman. But his ideal warrior is the sheepdog, a symbol made famous by the blockbuster American Sniper. The dinner scene in the film where the father lectures his sons about the three types of people in the world—sheep, wolves, and sheepdogs—was based on a metaphor Grossman describes in his second treatise, On Combat: The Psychology and Physiology of Deadly Conflict in War and in Peace. Most people in society are harmless sheep, the theory goes; a small number are wolves that prey on the sheep; and an equally small number are sheepdogs that confront the wolves. The three types coexist in a circle of violence. “Violence without empathy is a pretty good thumbnail definition of what? A psychopath, a sociopath—a wolf,” Grossman tells the cops in the auditorium. “But what if you have a propensity for violence, and a love for the lambs? What if you spent a lifetime nurturing the capacity for violence and the desire to use it in a righteous battle? Now what do you have? A sheepdog—a cop.” The sheepdog also functions as Grossman’s brand. He co-teaches a series of sheepdog classes tailored for civilians, and sells a line of sheepdog custom weaponry through a side business run by his son, a master gunsmith. (The company’s mission: “to provide quality tools for our Sheepdogs to survive and thrive in these violent times.”) The concept works on an almost subliminal level. When Grossman asks the cops in Elizabethtown what the sheepdog said when he first heard about the September 11 hijackings, a murmur ripples through the audience: I wish I was on that plane. “I wish I was on that plane,” says Grossman, repeating the phrase. “Be ready in the mall, be ready in the theater, be ready in your house of worship.” In On Combat, the sheepdog ideal of heroic sacrifice is democratic. Anyone can make the conscious decision to become a sheepdog. The doomed passengers on Flight 93, for instance, were ordinary sheep until they summoned the courage to rush the cockpit. In the clubby atmosphere of the seminar, though, where everyone identifies as a sheepdog, sheep are viewed as contemptible “grass eaters” that the sheepdogs grudgingly tolerate in between their Olympian battles with the wolves. “You see, the sheep are always trying to pull you down,” says Grossman, exhorting the audience to train as hard as Batman. “The average citizen of Gotham City watches the news—crime, death, violence! What do they do? Hunker down, cry, lock the door.” In this worldview, it is the wolf—not the sheep—that gives the sheepdog meaning and purpose. Grossman emphasizes this point when he tells the cops what they must do if confronted by a school siege like the 2004 massacre in Beslan, Russia, which left 186 children dead. “It is your job to put a chunk of steel in your fist and go in that door,” he growls, “and kill the sons of bitches who come to kill our kids and destroy our way of life!” Grossman’s metaphor about sheepdogs and wolves valorizes the warrior ethos: The sheepdog does not serve the flock, he protects it. The sheepdog metaphor valorizes the warrior ethos: The sheepdog does not serve the flock, he protects it. But without the legitimacy conferred by the trust and consent of those being protected, protection is not policing—it’s occupation. “Frequently, the modern conception of policing is that cops are outside, or above, or separate from the community,” says Seth Stoughton, a law professor at the University of South Carolina and a former police officer. “That’s the whole idea of the ‘thin blue line.’ It’s the thing that separates society from chaos, but also separates cops from society.” Stoughton argues that law enforcement’s “warrior problem” begins in the police academy. From day one, cadets have it drilled into them that everyone they encounter on the street could kill them at any second, and their training reinforces this fearful outlook. According to the Police Executive Research Forum, a law enforcement think tank, police recruits receive an average of 107 hours of training in firearms and defensive techniques, but only 16 hours in crisis intervention and de-escalating conflicts. Police departments also pay for officers to attend classes like Grossman’s as part of their “in-service” training. Given the emphasis on firearms over conflict resolution, which skill is an officer likely to fall back on when things get dicey? What’s more, cops are now expected to handle potential threats that go far beyond walking a beat. Ever since the Columbine school massacre in 1999, police officers have had to prepare for the possibility of storming their local high school, and the attacks of September 11 put them on the frontline of combating terrorism. But while cops may sometimes need to rely on warrior skills, Stoughton says, orienting law enforcement around such low-probability, high-risk events is “counterproductive to good policing.” The current debate over police reform is often presented as a false choice between two straw men: the aggressive, trigger-happy warrior versus the gentle guardian who thinks he can magically de-escalate every situation. It’s not useful to frame the debate exclusively in terms of use of force, because all police officers use force. A guardian’s response to an armed robbery will be no different from a warrior’s. What truly matters is the set of principles that guides an officer’s actions, whether it’s a traffic stop or a school shooting. The guardian model is premised on cooperation and “protecting civilians from unnecessary indignity and harm,” says Stoughton. The warrior model is based on principles of compliance and control, which puts police in an adversarial relationship with the public. It’s the cop who threatens to use force on anyone who doesn’t follow his orders. Not only is such behavior alienating and provocative, it’s just bad policing. My father says he was always prepared to administer a “hickory shampoo” with his nightstick if the situation called for it, but he preferred to reason with people, even when they were noncompliant or aggressive. To many police officers of his generation, treating criminals like human beings instead of enemy combatants just seemed like common sense. “It’s all in how you fucking talk to people,” he explains. “You’ve got to show them respect. You can’t be a fucking wise guy: ‘Well, I’m the police!’ It ain’t gonna work, because you’re making them hostile.” Most situations officers face on a daily basis don’t call for warrior skills. Their default mode should therefore be guardian-like, and warrior-like only when necessary. But right now the polarities are reversed, and changing that will require an overhaul of police culture no less profound than the one that gave rise to the warrior cop. “It’s not going to happen soon,” Stoughton says. “We’re talking about changing a profession’s self-identity.” At lunchtime, I follow a line of cops to the cafeteria. Someone nudges my shoulder, and I turn around to see a young cop with a shaved head and a pistol on his hip scowling at me. “Hey buddy, who you work for?” he asks. I explain that I’m a journalist. “I hate the media,” he says. “CNN, no go. Fox, yes.” I introduce him to another citizen of Fox Nation, my father, and quicken my pace. Moments later, the cop sidles up to me again, a bottle of Mountain Dew sloshing in each hand. “I can say this much,” he says. “When I grew up, I was that liberal kid. And when I got into this job—forget it.” His name is John. He serves on the police force in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, “a little capital with big-city problems,” he tells me. He likes pulling night shifts because “evil seeks darkness,” and vanquishing evil is a lot more fun than writing traffic tickets. Then he launches into a disjointed diatribe about the liberalizing agenda within law enforcement, media bias against cops, and the public’s ignorance of case law that “protects the police officer” from unfair scrutiny in use-of-force situations. “Things are changing,” he says tersely. “Even police officers make mistakes, you know? Because we’re human.” John’s defensiveness is common among police officers I’ve spoken to. Besieged by criticism over police shootings, they lash out at their perceived enemies, especially Black Lives Matter activists and the liberal media. It seems to them as if everyone is an armchair quarterback, questioning an officer’s split-second decisions based on snippets of viral video. Their frustration is understandable, but their defensiveness masks a darker assumption: that the public has no say in how they are policed. Grossman’s advice to his audience is to suck it up. “There’s umpires and cameras everywhere,” he tells them. “We gotta win this game, gotta win by the rules, no other way. People say, ‘But the bad guys don’t play by the rules.’ That’s why he’s the bad guy! That’s why we all get together, we hunt him down like a dog, we fill him full of holes, we shove him in a cage like an animal—because he won’t play by the rules. If we don’t want to play by the rules, they’ve got a cage for us, too.” But cops are playing by the rules—rules that favor them. Between 2004 and 2011, according to an analysis by The Wall Street Journal, officers were cleared of wrongdoing in more than 99 percent of fatal shootings. The problem isn’t that the shootings might have been legally justified—the problem is that they were often unnecessary. In a report released last year that caused an uproar in the law enforcement community, the Police Executive Research Forum refers to such shootings as “lawful but awful.” PERF recommends making de-escalation formal policy in the nation’s 18,000 police agencies and giving cops more training in how to defuse conflict without resorting to deadly force. Grossman, for one, dismisses the report, arguing that cops are already being “force fed” this kind of guardian-oriented training. Many police officers denounce it as politically correct hokum that will get cops killed. They point to Graham v. Connor, the 1989 U.S. Supreme Court decision that ruled an officer’s use of force must be considered from the perspective of an objectively reasonable officer in the same circumstances, without the clarity of hindsight. That’s why cops hate being second-guessed by community activists and journalists, who in their eyes are ignoring this established legal standard. PERF wants to hold police officers to a higher standard than Graham. In situations that don’t involve suspects armed with guns—roughly half of the 963 people killed by police last year—PERF says officers should be better trained to defuse conflicts, and to use force proportional to the threat they face, not simply force that’s justifiable. When I ask my father how he resolved such issues during his years on the force, he gives me a perfect example of the kind of situation that PERF’s guidelines are designed to address. One day, responding to a call about a disturbance at a housing project, he and his partner confronted a man in a hallway brandishing a knife and a hammer. The man appeared to be mentally ill and ignored commands to drop the weapons. “He was crazier than shit,” my father recalls. “We gotta take him out of there, but he didn’t want to have anything to do with us. So now we know we gotta take him forcibly.” This happened about 40 years ago, before street cops were issued body armor, Tasers, pepper spray, metal batons, or beanbag guns. So he and his partner decided to bum-rush the guy. They each chose a hand. My father volunteered to go for the knife. But the standoff between my father and the crazy guy didn’t end with a dramatic struggle. Just as he and his partner were about to converge on the man, my dad tried reasoning with him one last time. He took what PERF calls a “tactical pause.” “Look, sir,” he said to the man. “A lot of people are looking out of their doors here, and they think there’s something wrong. Can’t you just put your hand in your pocket with that knife? Put it in your pocket so they don’t see it. Then people won’t think there’s something wrong.” The man lowered the knife and slid it into his pocket. In that instant my father and his partner grabbed the man and pinned his arms to his sides. No one was injured. No one died. Police departments have increasingly turned to militarized units, equipped with heavy armor and advanced weaponry, provided by the Pentagon.Scott Olson/Getty These days, cops rarely grapple with knife-wielding suspects. It’s too dangerous, and it’s contrary to the warrior mindset. In recent years, videos have emerged showing police officers in San Francisco, Albuquerque, and Chicago killing suspects holding knives. In 2010, a police officer in Seattle killed John Williams, a 50-year-old Native American wood-carver. Police dash-cam video of the incident shows Williams crossing the street in front of the officer’s car, carrying a piece of wood and a small knife. The officer gets out and pursues Williams around a corner, gun drawn. He shouts at Williams, who was deaf in one ear, to drop the knife. Then five shots ring out. The whole encounter lasts less than ten seconds. Despite opposition from many police officials, PERF’s guidelines to curtail the use of excessive force have been endorsed by police departments in New York, Chicago, Baltimore, and elsewhere. And there are other signs that police culture is starting to shift away from the warrior model. Calibre Press, the company that pioneered warrior-policing tactics back in the 1980s, has eradicated the word warrior from its course listings and added new classes to align its curriculum more closely with reform trends. New offerings such as “The Guardians of Democracy” and “Balancing our Bias” read like chapter titles from a PERF report. Grossman acknowledges the debate between guardians and warriors only when it allows him an opportunity to remind his audience of the warrior’s rightful claim on the soul of the American cop in these “dark and desperate times.” The symbol for his brand may be a sheepdog, but it’s a dog that favors the wolf’s instincts to fight over the sheep’s aversion to violence. “The definition of a warrior is one who is a master of what? War,” he tells the auditorium full of cops. “Is our nation at war? Are you the frontline troops in this war? The people screaming the loudest about never using that evil word warrior are going to look very, very foolish in the near future, do you understand?” In Grossman’s view, warriors and guardians agree on one crucial point: Unlike soldiers, their mission is to avoid killing. “Our strength comes from that, our purity comes from that,” he says. “We must never fail to communicate that message. That’s what the guardian model is about. And they’re right—they’re very right. Treating people with dignity, without a doubt, is at the foundation of what we have to do. That’s what they lost track of in Ferguson.” Three stories came out of Ferguson. The official story was that officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown in self-defense after Brown assaulted him. A counter-narrative quickly emerged from witnesses who claimed that Brown was surrendering with his hands in the air when he was executed by Wilson. Less well-known is the third story, which was laid out seven months later in the Justice Department’s investigation of the shooting. The investigation confirmed the official story, but it also provided important context that explains why the counter-narrative took hold. Witnesses didn’t come forward to refute the bogus execution story, for a simple reason: The community’s relationship with local police was totally broken. The Ferguson Police Department, the investigation found, had engaged in a “pattern of excessive force” against the city’s black residents, and “with extremely limited exceptions” all of the arrest warrants issued by the city’s municipal court were for unpaid parking tickets, housing code violations, missed court dates, fines, and other minor infractions. Police, judges, and city officials weren’t protecting or serving the citizens of Ferguson—they were systematically preying on them. Grossman views Ferguson as a cautionary tale about what can happen when police officers violate the warrior’s code. “The social contract says you have the right to use deadly force,” he says. “But the moment that person is not a deadly force threat, their life is as precious as any other life on the planet.” After Wilson shot Brown, he tells his audience, the police made no effort to save Brown’s life. “Not one single person jumped on that body and gave chest compressions,” he says. “If somebody had even tried to take action—slap on a tourniquet, a couple of Band-Aids, doing chest compressions—it would’ve been a different story.” Ferguson provoked national outrage over racism and police violence, launched a mass protest movement, and forced police departments to rethink the warrior model. But in Grossman’s view, all of that might have been avoided if one cop had performed CPR on Michael Brown’s dead body. After the seminar, I followed up with Grossman multiple times to clarify this point, but he stuck to his guns. As he sees it, the rising homicide rate, a recent spike in murders of police officers, and the election of Donald Trump have combined to discredit Black Lives Matter and others seeking to curb police violence. “There’s going to be a backlash of enormous magnitude in the other direction,” Grossman predicts. “Back to broken windows, back to stop and frisk, back to cops in the street aggressively pursuing crime.” To Grossman, serving as a police officer is ultimately about being willing to sacrifice oneself for others. It is a distinctly Christian ethos that he backs up with frequent Bible quotes and references to medieval times. His ideal cop is a modern Crusader in the eternal battle between good and evil, a paladin whose violence is sanctified by his higher purpose. Even if he kills the wrong person, a true warrior cop kills only for the purest of motives. At the end of the seminar, Grossman uncaps two markers, bends toward the easel, and writes the word LOVE in large block letters on a fresh sheet of paper, underscoring it with a squiggly flourish. Then he turns to face his audience. Projected on the screen behind him is an image of Christopher Amoroso, a Port Authority police officer who died rescuing people on September 11. “Only the sheepdog loves enough to die for other people’s loved ones,” Grossman says, his face lit by the ghostly glow of the projector. “You believe in who you are, you believe in what you do. For greater love hath no one than this.” Steve Featherstone is a writer and photographer from Syracuse, New York.  His work has appeared in Harper’s, Granta, and the New York Times Magazine, among others.  His photography book about Joseph Mitchell, co-authored with Paul Maliszewski, is forthcoming from Princeton Architectural Press. @featherocker Read More Magazine, May 2017, Black Lives Matter, Police Shootings, feature, Politics, Crime, Race, War, Police, law enforcement, Criminal Justice Sign up for your daily dose of politics, culture, and big ideas. Sign Up Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Copyright 2017 © New Republic. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Process Spectroscopy Market to grow at 6.5% CAGR from 2016 to 2024 According industry research report “Process Spectroscopy Market Size By Technology (NIR, FT-IR, Raman), By Application (Polymer, Oil and Gas, Pharmaceuticals, Food & Agriculture, Chemical), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Canada, UK, Germany, China, Mexico, Brazil), Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2024”, Process Spectroscopy Market share to exceed USD 1.47 billion by 2024. Rising focus on improvisation in order to eleminate ineffective process such as visual defects, inventory and production time is expected to propel industry growth. Effective control offers numerous benefits such as low production & inspection cost, consumer satisfaction, increased sales as well as optimized resource utilization, which in turn will catalyze process spectroscopy market size from 2016 to 2024. Request for a sample of this research report @ www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/716 Process analytical technology (PAT) is a mechanism to design, analyze and control manufacturing through measuring process parameters that affects critical quality attributes. NIR sector is estimated to grow at 6.1% CAGR from 2016 to 2024, accounting for more than 55% of the overall industry share by 2024. Surging application in various industry sectors such as food, quality monitoring & process control and chemical may surge demand over the forecast timeline. Advent of PAT framework by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with an aim to ensure high quality product performance is forecast to boost growth. This has led to adoption pharmaceutical companies across the U.S. This equipment enables effective & efficient process monitoring and also performs quality check, which in turn aids in reducing variable expenditure involved by minimizing errors as well as re-work. Furthermore, growing industry competition is anticipated to increase price as well as quality pressure in order to gain competitive advantage over the next eight years. Rising consciousness regarding high quality standards and products among customers may encourage process spectroscopy market players to adhere guidelines for international quality standards. Companies across the world have started implementing quality measures in order to gain certifications. For instance, Boeing, 3M, Hewlett Packard (HP), Lockheed Martin and General Electric (GE), have successful implemented Six Sigma. Lack of skilled workforce accompanied by high capital investment is anticipated to hamper production rate. Emergence of cost effective technologies is expected to offer massive growth opportunities for process spectroscopy market share through 2024. Browse key industry insights spread across 89 Pages with 48 market data tables & 42 figures from the report, “Process Spectroscopy Market” in detail along with the table of contents: www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/process-spectroscopy… Key insights from the report include: • FT-IR (fourier transform infrared) technology segment was valued at more than USD 170 million in 2015. Rising prominence of this technology in numerous industries for assessment and identification of various chemicals & compounds and materials such as residues, particulates and pesticides is expected to propel industry demand through 2024. • Polymer sector accounted for over 16% of the process spectroscopy market share in 2015 and estimated to grow at 6.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. High product volumes, customization as well as strict quality requirement will positively imapct polymer application revenue through 2024. • Strict quality norms in healthcare, food & agriculture, and pharmaceuticals sector may positively impact revenue in the North American industry. • Asia Pacific process spectroscopy market size is expected to grow at 8% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Industry participants are increasingly relocating R&D and manufacturing facilities owing to presence of cheap labor and resource cost may catapult regional growth. • Key competitors include Bruker, ABB, Buchi Labortechnik, Danaher, Foss A/S, Horiba and Agilent Technologies. Other prominent industry participants are Eureka Forbes, Panasonic, Haier, iRobot, LG, Bissell, Royal Philips Electronics and Samsung. Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/716 Global Market Insights has segmented the process spectroscopy industry on the basis of technology, application and region • Process Spectroscopy Technology Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) o NIR o FT-IR o Raman • Process Spectroscopy Application Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) o Polymer o Oil and Gas o Pharmaceuticals o Food and Agriculture o Chemical o Others • Process Spectroscopy Regional Analysis (Revenue, USD Million, 2013 – 2024) o North America  U.S.  anada  Mexico o Europe  Germany  UK o Asia Pacific  China o Latin America  Brazil o MEA Browse Related Reports: • Machine Condition Monitoring Market Size, Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook, Application Development, Price Trend, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023 www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/machine-condition-mo… About Global Market Insights Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com Blog: gminsights.wordpress.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Micro-needling Unit Sales Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Next PostNext Global All Vaccine Market 2022: Leading Manufacturers (CNBG, ChengDa Bio, Changsheng Life, Zhifei, SINOVAC BIOTECH, NuoCheng Bio) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Search Recent Posts Label-free Array Systems Market sales by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 Nothing But Nets Champions Head to Washington to Advocate in the Fight Against Malaria Drift to Sleep launched a set of 20 Pairs of Ear plugs for sale on Amazon.com National Volunteer Week Twitter Chat: Activating Civic Engagement through Skills-Based Volunteering Global Punch Sets Market 2016-2021 Research Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Military Virtual Training Market Report by Top Countries, Type and Application DecisionDatabases.com announces a new report “2017-2022 Global Top Countries Military Virtual Training Market Report” added to its database. The report provides key statistics on the current state of the industry and other analytical data to understand the market. This report studies Military Virtual Training in Global market, especially in United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Browse Full Report with TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14195-military-virtual-training-market-analysis-report The report focuses on the top Manufacturers in each country, covering • L-3 Link Simulation and Training • Boeing • CAE Inc • FlightSafety International • Thales • Lockheed Martin • Cubic Corporation • Rheinmetall Defence • Raytheon • Rockwell Collins • Elbit Systems • Virtual Reality Media Download Free Sample Report of Military Virtual Training Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-14195 Table of Contents – Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Purchase the Complete Military Virtual Training Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-14195 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: 2017-2022 Global Top Countries Pinch Valve Market Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/14138-pinch-valve-market-analysis-report About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaerospace & defense, global military virtual training market, Google News, Military Virtual Training, Military Virtual Training Industry, Military Virtual Training Market, Military Virtual Training Market Forecast, Military Virtual Training Market Report, Military Virtual Training Market Research Report, Military Virtual Training Market Share, Military Virtual Training Market size, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Laboratory Reactor Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Next PostNext Global Lightning Conductor Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Search Recent Posts Bangladesh and World Bank Partner together to Strengthen E-governance and Improve Dhaka’s Air Quality Global Gas Spring Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Network Camera Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2017 – 2025 Carotenoids Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine Digital Edition of New York Magazine Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Subscribe to New York Magazine NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on NYMag.com April 14, 2017 04/14/2017 9:35 a.m. Donald Trump Is Just George W. Bush But Racist By Jonathan Chait Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print Donald Trump meets with police officers. Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images Donald Trump ran an ethnonationalist cult-of-personality presidential campaign, in which his status as a (real) nonpolitician and (imaginary) business genius would allow him to transcend and solve every policy problem. He has retained the ethnonationalist themes, while abandoning, one by one, almost every other populist element differentiating him from the generic Republican brand. The neutering of the nonracial elements of Trump’s populism has been a continuous process. “After listening for ten minutes, I realized it’s not so easy,” Trump told The Wall Street Journal this week. He was specifically referring to North Korea, which he had believed China could handle quickly and easily — but, after a short historical education, realized is a knotty issue replete with trade-offs. Yet that line could easily be applied to every issue Trump has been educated about. As he has come into contact with a concrete agenda, every heterodox promise has given way to conventional GOP positions. Trump’s pledge not to cut Medicaid while replacing Obamacare with a terrific plan that would include “insurance for everybody,” with better coverage than they have now, turned into endorsement of a conventional Republican plan that would cut hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicaid and throw tens of millions of people off their insurance. He has oriented his domestic policy around traditional Republican priorities: deregulation, especially of the financial sector and fossil fuels, and regressive tax cuts. Report after report finds chief executive officers streaming into the White House and essentially dictating policy. The economic-nationalist elements of Trump’s agenda have all either quietly disappeared or been reversed outright. He has ignored his loud promise to renegotiate NAFTA. He has admitted that China, another longtime bête noir, is not, in fact, a currency manipulator. He came out in favor of the Export-Import Bank, after Boeing’s CEO educated him on it (“Instinctively, you would say, ‘Isn’t that a ridiculous thing?’” he told The Wall Street Journal. “It turns out that … lots of small companies are really helped!”) and turned his ballyhooed lobbyist ban into Swiss cheese. On economic policy, Trump has become a conventional party man whose ideas reflect the agenda of the lobbyists and wealthy individuals who have his ear. His reversal on foreign policy is more dramatic. Having once denounced NATO, he now praises it. (“It was once obsolete; it is no longer obsolete.”) He has brought Russia hawks into his administration and ceased lavishing Vladimir Putin with praise (in part because doing so lends even more credence to the ongoing investigation of his campaign’s cooperation with Russia’s election interference). After repeatedly lambasting the Obama administration for intervening in Syria, which he called a “quagmire” — noting, “Assad is killing ISIS” — he attacked Assad for using chemical weapons against civilians. Eli Lake reports that H. R. McMaster, Trump’s chief national security adviser, is formulating plans to send tens of thousands of ground troops to Syria for an extended campaign to destroy ISIS and allow for reconstruction afterward — i.e., an occupation. That is an astonishing turn for a president who has not only presented himself as an original opponent of the Iraq War, but endlessly lamented the sums spent on the war and the occupation, which he said could have been used for rebuilding the United States. Indeed, Trump used his imagined status as farsighted Iraq War–opponent to beat back every attack on his manifest ignorance of foreign policy, during both the primary and the general election. There is no telling whether Trump will follow McMaster’s plan; but the mere fact that he has ceded so much authority to a conventionally hawkish interventionist, after having ridiculed his party’s neoconservative wing, shows how far he has lurched already. The ideological distance between Trump’s economic and foreign policy and George W. Bush’s has collapsed. From the perspective of 2017, more than eight years after Bush departed office, the comparison between the two presidents may sound comforting. That is largely because Bush has disappeared into his painting studio, his reputation benefitting from both his general absence from the political scene and the particular contrast with his frightening, orange quasi-nemesis. It is easy to look back on Bush’s tenure as comparatively benign — but Bush’s presidency was a period of gross misgovernance. His legacy includes not only Iraq and Katrina, but his obsession with cutting taxes for the rich, a comprehensive fealty to the business lobby, rampant corruption, refusal to take any steps to limit climate change, and a deregulatory agenda that set the conditions for the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. The Bush presidency was the most comprehensive governing failure of any administration since at least Herbert Hoover, and it ought to have poisoned the party’s national brand as deeply as it did Hoover’s GOP (which did not win another presidential election for twenty years). But the Republican Party managed to largely skirt the reputational fallout from the Bush catastrophe. It did so, in part, through the tea party: Conservatives hailed right-wing protests against Barack Obama as a call for ideological purity, cleansing the supposed big-government, cronyist tendencies of the Bush administration. The Republican Party of the Obama era insisted it had learned the lessons of the Bush years, when its agenda had devolved into little more than shoveling cash to K Street. The post-Bush GOP was allegedly sadder and wiser and filled with righteous abhorrence for the temptations of lobbyists and deficit spending. Those lessons have all been forgotten. The Republican government, under Trump, has retraced the steps it took under Bush — from the obsession with tax cuts for the rich, to the vanishing line between the party’s paid lobbyists and its public servants. The reality is that, contrary to the willful misreading of conservatives elites, the tea-party revolution was not fundamentally a reaction against deficits or crony capitalism: It was a heavily racialized backlash against social change. And that spirit — the true animating spirit of the grassroots right — has lived on in Trump’s presidency. My magazine story from a few weeks ago identified Trump’s ethnonationalism as the one clearly successful strand of his presidency. Trump has drawn from a relatively continuous line of thought, running from his early history as a landlord who excluded African-Americans, to a demagogue who publicly demanded the execution of five innocent minority teenagers, to a politician who ultimately brought the alt-right into the Republican coalition. His agenda for law enforcement, immigration, and national identity has reinforced the unifying ethnonationalist theme that allowed him to prevail over his more orthodox Republican competitors. In the weeks since my piece was published, that agenda has continued to race forward. The Department of Homeland Security is ramping up its capacity to assemble Trump’s promised deportation force. And the Department of Justice is eliminating a commission on forensic science, which had refuted some questionable methods used by law enforcement. As my essay argued, Trump’s ethnonationalism reverses a trend in the Republican Party: Beginning with Bush, it had repudiated its Southern strategy and attempted to craft a racially inclusive message that would broaden the constituency for its oligarchic economic agenda. Bush and his ideological heirs sought to compromise on immigration while taking seriously minority concerns about discriminatory law enforcement. Trump has reversed Bush’s aspiration for a racially inclusive party completely, while rediscovering his economic blueprint. The Trumpian mix of K Street economics and Breitbartian racial messaging is not a perfectly natural one. Trump’s vicious ethnonationalism makes his wealthy advisers and donors (many of them the same people) uncomfortable, especially the portions that disrupt their transborder workforce. And Trump’s elitist economic policy is the opposite of what his downscale white base thought he would deliver. But it fits together closely enough to function. The political reality Trump has discovered through trial and error is that he is delivering each constituency the thing it most craves. Trump’s white-identity politics satisfy his voting base enough to make his plutocratic economics tolerable. And the financial and political elite are willing to swallow their qualms about his ugly ethnonationalism because they are going to get paid. If you thought George W. Bush was generally swell, but too racially inclusive, you are going to like Trump’s presidency. Tags: top story the national interest politics donald trump george w. bush ethnonationalism Donald Trump Is Just George W. Bush But Racist Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Reagan Manipulated Television. Trump Is Controlled by It. The Duke Lacrosse Scandal and the Birth of the Alt-Right Donald Trump Is Just George W. Bush But Racist Most Viewed Stories Girls Series-Finale Recap: I Got It Nice of Melania to Remind Donald What to Do During the National Anthem Melissa McCarthy Wasn’t ‘Live From New York’ on Saturday Night Live This Weekend Trump Is Making the GOP Heinously Unpopular Again The Woman Texting Someone Else While Her Fiancé Is Away Alex Jones Is Just ‘Playing a Character,’ According to His Lawyer Reagan Manipulated Television. Trump Is Controlled by It. Every Episode of Girls, Ranked After Her Sugar Sphinx, Kara Walker Is a Whole Different Kind of Public Figure President John Tyler’s Grandson, Harrison Tyler, on Still Being Alive Most Popular Video On Daily Intelligencer How Much Does Donald Trump Hate His Job? Latest News from Daily Intelligencer Yesterday at 8:40 p.m. White House Says Tax Reform Will Be Delayed Because of Trumpcare Failure Trump’s Treasury secretary says the president will not meet his August deadline for tax reform, “because of the healthcare.” Yesterday at 5:37 p.m. Confederate Flag Issue Making a Comeback in South Carolina Special Election A GOP candidate is attacking rivals for voting to remove the Dixie flag from the Statehouse grounds. Yesterday at 5:34 p.m. North Korea Accuses U.S. of Provoking ‘Dangerous Situation’ “A dangerous situation in which thermonuclear war could break out at any moment.” Yesterday at 4:53 p.m. Trump Is Making the GOP Heinously Unpopular Again A new poll finds that Americans like the Republican Party a lot less when it’s in power. Yesterday at 4:52 p.m. Uber May Be Forced to Allow Tipping in Its App in NYC You may be able to give a five-star review, and tip a dollar or two, at the end of an Uber ride in the near future. Yesterday at 12:35 p.m. Russian State TV Declares Trump ‘More Impulsive’ Than Kim Jong-un “Ivanka already convinced Trump to bomb Assad, what if she convinces him to bomb Kim?” a Russian newscaster laments. Yesterday at 12:28 p.m. ICE Arrests Are Up in Trump’s First Weeks in Office Attempted border crossings are also down by as much as 70 percent. Yesterday at 12:11 p.m. It’s White-Knuckle Time in Georgia for Tomorrow’s Red-Hot Special Election Can Democrat Jon Ossoff steal a seat from the Republicans? It’s looking like a coin toss. Yesterday at 11:28 a.m. Melania Trump Had to Remind Donald What to Do During the National Anthem The president needed a little nudge during the Easter Egg Roll festivities. Yesterday at 10:13 a.m. Pro-Trump Group Launches Ads to Bolster Trumpcare Supporters America First Policies will spend $3 million on boosting supporters of the president’s health-care law, as Trump tries to revive it on Capitol Hill. Yesterday at 4:03 a.m. Manhunt Under Way for Suspect Who Posted Video of Fatal Shooting on Facebook The search for Steve Stephens, who is accused of randomly targeting an elderly man, has expanded to five states. Yesterday at 2:21 a.m. Pence Declares End to ‘Strategic Patience’ After N. Korea’s Failed Missile Test A U.S. military response isn’t expected, though experts were alarmed by the regime’s apparent missile advancements. Yesterday at 12:03 a.m. Alex Jones Is Just ‘Playing a Character,’ According to His Lawyer The conspiracy goes deeper than we thought. 4/16/2017 at 9:00 p.m. Reagan Manipulated Television. Trump Is Controlled by It. Cable news will shape what he does today, which will shape what airs tonight, which … 4/16/2017 at 6:51 p.m. United Employees Can No Longer Displace Boarded Passengers It’s one of the most obviously needed corporate policy changes in history, but the damage to the company may already be done. 4/16/2017 at 4:54 p.m. Erdoğan Declares Victory in Referendum Granting Him Vast New Powers Over Turkey Voters in Turkey narrowly approved enormous changes to the country’s government, though opposition parties are contesting the results. 4/16/2017 at 1:41 p.m. Steve Bannon’s Biblical Fall The White House chief strategist is being described as “doomed.” Is there a resurrection in his future? 4/15/2017 at 3:12 p.m. Federal Judge Blocks Arkansas’s Execution Spree The state will appeal the ruling, but may not be able to get its controversial execution schedule back on track. 4/15/2017 at 12:30 p.m. The Problem With Trump’s Attempt to Scare North Korea “The history books will say: ‘How could they not have known? How could they not have known these were North Korea’s thoughts?’” 4/15/2017 at 11:22 a.m. False Gunfire Report Triggers Penn Station Stampede, Injuring 16 The sound of a police Taser sparked a mass panic during Friday night’s commute. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Police: Iowa City woman sexually assaulted in home invasion Body of missing Iowa City woman found in Iowa River 10 candidates share their visions for North Liberty Iowa Senate advances medical cannabis expansion Former law student accuses University of Iowa of mishandling his sex assault report Aussie Aaron Whitefield goes deep twice in Kernels' 8-2 win at Peoria 10 candidates share their visions for North Liberty Iowans air concerns over budget cuts Mount Vernon riding high again in Wamac girls’ tennis Marquis Dew takes advantage of chance to start for Dubuque Rockwell Collins completes B/E Aerospace deal The $8.6 billion deal adds cabin interiors to the company's portfolio Video Photo Liz Martin/The Gazette With the completion of the B/E Areospace acquisition, Rockwell Collins is now expected to have more than $8 billion in annual revenue. Kelly Ortberg Rockwell Collins Matthew Patane More stories from Matthew Apr 13, 2017 at 4:27 pm | Print View Rockwell Collins officially added 10,000 employees under its name Thursday having finished the acquisition of B/E Aerospace, a Florida-based maker of airplane interiors. Rockwell CEO Kelly Ortberg said the inclusion of B/E’s interior products will give the company diversity to weather ups and downs in the aviation industry. Cedar Rapids-based Rockwell mainly manufactures avionics technology used in cockpits and flight decks for commercial and defense aircraft. Wellington, Fla.-headquartred B/E Aerospace manufactures seating, lighting, galleys and other interior products for commercial and business aircraft. “Just the scale and the opportunity is going to allow us to grow faster,” he said in a phone interview with The Gazette while in Winston-Salem, N.C., B/E’s largest base of employees. The combination of the two companies is not expected to affect employees in Cedar Rapids, Ortberg said. “We are not closing facilities in other locations and bringing work into Cedar Rapids, but likewise we are not moving work from Cedar Rapids into any of the B/E locations,” Ortberg said. Some positions involved with the administration of the two public companies may be cut, he said. “Those will go through workforce reductions as we eliminate those positions. People understand that and they’ll be taken care of as part of that integration plan,” Ortberg said. Rockwell is now expected to have more than $8 billion in annual revenue. With the purchase, Rockwell will try to sell more aircraft seats and interiors directly to plane makers, rather than airlines, Ortberg told Reuters Thursday. “This is an area where I think we can do more standard equipment with the OEMs,” he said, referring to plane makers such as Boeing and Airbus. “I think we can do more with Boeing as they look at what part of the interiors they want to standardize,” he added. The company first announced the acquisition last October. A month later, activist fund Starboard Value pressured Rockwell to drop the bid and consider selling itself instead. Shareholders approved the deal in March, however, and regulators with the European Union signing off earlier this month. B/E Aerospace rebranded immediately Thursday as Rockwell Collins. Its president and CEO, Werner Lieberherr, became executive vice president and chief operating officer for a new interior systems division within Rockwell. The deal, valued at $8.6 billion with debt, is the largest in Rockwell’s history. It brings together Rockwell’s 20,000 global employees with 10,000 from B/E Aerospace. Cedar Rapids, with about 8,000 people, remains the largest concentration of employees for Rockwell, a spokesman said in an email. The second biggest is now Batangas, a province in the Philippines, with about 1,900 employees. In addition to Cedar Rapids, Rockwell Collins has another 1,350 employees in Eastern Iowa. l Comments: (319) 398-8366; matthew.patane@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Business articles Accelerators, incubators, co-working spa ... Entrepreneurs: The solution to rural eco ... Is this 'tipping year' in tightening far ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Breaking News Pence reassures Japan of U.S. resolve against North Korea Trump to seek changes in visa program to encourage hiring Americans U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Arkansas court halts two executions, U.S. court OKs others U.S. top court mulls time bars for SEC recovery of ill-gotten profits Pence kicks off Japan talks, seeking to boost trade Cleveland police widen manhunt for Facebook murder suspect Democrats aim to 'Make Trump Furious' in Georgia election Triumphant Erdogan swats away Western criticism of referendum Banned at sea: Venezuela's crude-stained oil tankers Tue 18 Apr 2017 - 20 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → In about-face, Trump nominates new head of export bank In about-face, Trump nominates new head of export bank Sunday 16th, April 2017 / 18:05 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump nominated former Republican lawmaker Scott Garrett (pictured) as president of the Export-Import Bank of the United States, completing an about-face over an institution he had denounced as “featherbedding” for big business. A White House statement also named Spencer Bachus, another Republican former congressman, to be a member of the board of directors of the bank. Both were named for four-year terms. Trump told the Wall Street Journal on last Wednesday he would fill the two vacancies on the bank’s five-member board that have prevented it from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. His picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enable them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing Co and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who worked in Congress to kill the institution, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump’s backing of the bank represents a victory for manufacturers like Boeing and General Electric Co, which have overseas customers that use the agency’s government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump told the Journal the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank as being “featherbedding” for wealthy corporations. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Left, right or centre — French economy may decide Z-Corp organises chess training programme → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Zimbabwe leader Isra’a Wal Miraj holiday on April 25 25% rise in Omanis visiting Thailand for healthcare needs Private firm to manage Nizwa Fort Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoConquering the highest sand dune at Ramlat Jadilah /t.co/NP9f8vc04T @OmanTourism @ExperienceOman about 1 hour agoCampaign against food waste begins in #Salalah /t.co/6wMS0bdLjm @MOSD_Page /t.co/UKuex0jrjF 2 hours ago#OEPPA organizes seminar on work environment held /t.co/IQsZqsZTPz @altawfiq @omandaily1 /t.co/u5lMVUq0nJ Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)

International Search Search JapanTokyo Is About to Make Room for 45 New Skyscrapers WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: April 18 Electric VehiclesLower Gas Prices Haven’t Stopped People From Wanting to Buy Electric Cars TheranosTheranos Agrees to Pause Blood Testing in Exchange for Reduced Penalties From U.S. Regulator China Paul Manafort Meets with a Chinese Billionaire to Talk U.S. Infrastructure Scott Cendrowski Apr 17, 2017 President Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort met Chinese construction billionaire Yan Jiehe last week in Shanghai to discuss how the builder could join in Trump's $1 trillion infrastructure spending plan in the U.S., the Pacific Construction Group founder said. The meeting was first reported by the Financial Times. Last Tuesday was the third time Yan, the founder of Pacific Construction Group, met with Manafort, he separately told Fortune. They had previously met twice in Beijing. Also attending the same meeting were executives from Spain-based ACS Group, one of the world's largest construction companies. Manafort's spokesperson Jason Maloni told the FT that infrastructure deals weren't discussed. “The Pacific Construction Group was an impromptu meeting added to Mr. Manafort’s schedule at their request because the Chinese are interested in U.S. infrastructure,” the paper quoted Maloni as saying. He added that no current or future infrastructure projects in the U.S. were discussed. But according to Pacific Construction, Manafort was there to help Yan on potentially brokering deals in the U.S. market, one that could involve a joint venture shepherded by Manafort. International builders like Pacific Construction and ACS Group are trying to get in on a potential U.S. building boom through trusted connectors like Manafort, who met Yan in Shanghai last week on the same day that reports in the U.S. said Manafort was taking steps to register with the Justice Department as a foreign agent for his past lobbying work in Ukraine. Yan founded Pacific Construction in 1995, which soon became the country's largest private builder by moving faster to complete local government projects than bureaucratic state-owned builders. Pacific took on projects that others shunned, such as a recent plan to level hundreds of loess hills in the country's far west city of Lanzhou to prepare for a new city center. Yan told Fortune three years ago: “Boeing builds planes. We are in the business of building cities.” Last year, Pacific Construction ranked 99 on Fortune's Global 500 list, with $73 billion in revenues. Read more: China’s baddest billionaire builder As China's own building boom slows, Yan is looking for business opportunities outside China. Two years ago, he pitched construction services in Greece. Now, it appears he is ready to move into the U.S., where President Trump announced a $1 trillion infrastructure spending plan when he addressed Congress in February, which was short on details but big on promises. Yan sees Manafort as someone close to the Trump administration who can help him move into the U.S. to take advantage of the coming construction spending. Last week, he excitedly talked of a great meeting with "Paul," who was close to President Trump. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Site Tools Newsletters Daily Edition Travel Dining Theater Real Estate Books Podcasts Illustration by Michael Hirshon First Class Face-Off: The Hollywood Reporter Flies the L.A.-NYC Corridor Four Times for 36 Hours Straight by Peter Flax April 17, 2017, 6:20am PDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pass the organic ice cream and Baileys! An intrepid THR editor tests the ultra-luxe services of American, Delta, JetBlue and United, breezing through security, munching on parsnip mousse and cocooning in a pod at 30,000 feet. It was 9 a.m., and I was barely functioning on three hours of sleep, having just flown coast-to-coast-to-coast. Fidgeting in my lie-flat leather-trimmed lounger, I just couldn't fathom yet another glass of champagne. So I asked my preternaturally cheery Delta flight attendant if she could make me a mimosa. "Of course I can do that," she said, smiling as she handed me a hot hand towel with tongs. "That's what I'm here for." In that moment, feeling like I'd woken up on the floor somewhere in Vegas, I knew I had underestimated this seemingly cushy assignment: to compare the top premium flights between Los Angeles and New York City. Between noon on a Tuesday and midnight the following day, I jetted back and forth between the two cities on the carriers that offer lay-flat seating — American, JetBlue, Delta and United. (This trip took place in late March — a simpler time before the term "re-accommodate" had become a viral addition to the air-travel lexicon.) It was a 36-hour vision quest that spanned 10,000 miles and forced me to confront hard choices (lobster roll or lamb shank?). My only job during this mission was to assume a reclined position and weather a perfect storm of luxury and privilege befitting a bicoastal mogul. But up there, sipping a mimosa, I felt unexpected pressure. Fortunately, it subsided as soon as I unfastened the top snap of my jeans. ••• American First Class: Luxurious Solitude On Tuesday morning, I was greeted curbside at LAX by a rep with American's Five Star Service who led me into the Flagship First Class entrance. This check-in area is unassuming but a world away from the normal airport chaos just a few yards away. The room was hushed and spare and everyone greeted me by name. The efficiency actually was staggering — within five minutes of stepping out of my Lyft ride, I had checked in, taken an elevator and a series of secret passageways, been escorted to the front of a long security line, put my laptop in a bin and was on my way to the lounge. The appeal for high-profile Hollywood actors and other power players is obvious — no paparazzi or phone-wielding fans snapping photos, no plebeian security lines, no earthly hassles. For true A-list talent — the morning I was traveling Julie Andrews also was flying to New York, and Julia Roberts and her kids had been there the day before — American and TSA collaborate to empty the queue so no other travelers are in the room when they pass through security. And there's a back entrance to the Admiral's Club so heavy hitters can be escorted into the First Class Lounge without strolling through the main entrance. The Flagship Lounge at LAX is due for an update in late 2017 that will bring a larger space with sleek, modern furnishing and high-end a la carte dining options. For now, I was forced to make do with a sprawling breakfast buffet (I had a bagel loaded with lox and an assortment of dim sum) and the nicest unattended open bar I've ever set eyes upon. As I prudently drained a couple big bottles of Pellegrino, I enviously watched a trio of finely dressed Japanese businessmen sample the assemblage of single malts, top-shelf vodkas and small-batch tequilas, the unending supply of Taittinger Brut and well-curated California craft beer. Not hitting that bar was both the smartest and the dumbest thing I would do all day. When it was time to board, someone tapped me on the shoulder and led me to my flight. I never once looked at a screen or a boarding pass or even paused to consider what gate was mine; I just followed my Five Star guardian angel. There was a small crowd queued up to board, but I was led to a separate entrance just for the 10 first-class passengers. While other airlines of course have premium transcontinental offerings, American is the only one with three-class seating and a branded first-class product. The smell of the cabin was of fresh leather and old money. The seating is arranged in a reverse herringbone design with one seat on either side of the aisle, so even if I was sharing space with, say, some well-known movie producers and an Oscar-winning actress, we all were alone — our comfy Bose noise-cancelling headphones and padded ottomans mere symbols of our glorious solitude. No other carrier could match the refinement and peacefulness of the next six hours, and I would highly recommend this product to anyone who would like to travel with a spouse or coworker without actually talking to them. A parade of food and wine helped stave off loneliness. The highlight of my four-course meal surely was the roasted beet and goat cheese timbale, which paired beautifully with a sauvignon blanc from the Loire Valley. I watched Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk and contemplated the dark side of American excess until my flight attendant asked if I'd like a freshly baked snickerdoodle, which hit the spot almost as much as the Ben & Jerry's hot fudge sundae. I turned down a glass of port, pulled out the Cole Haan eye mask and lowered my seat to bed mode. The hour that followed was as quiet and uninterrupted as modern life gets, until it was interrupted by a few semi-important work emails. After I landed, I took a brief tour of American's Flagship check-in and lounge at JFK, where I had just enough time to contemplate a shower (with intricate mosaic tile and C.O. Bigelow product), eyeball another champagne spread and interrupt James Taylor having a business meeting. It was roughly 9 p.m., and while most of my fellow first-class travelers were ensconced in the back seats of their black Escalades on the Belt Parkway, I immediately headed to Terminal 5 so I could fly back to Los Angeles. I only had 7,500 miles to go. ••• JetBlue Mint: Surprising Luxury — Once You Take Off Thanks to violent thunderstorms earlier in the day, flights in and out of JFK that evening on all airlines were delayed. So I wound up having an extra hour to kill before boarding my flight back to L.A. After being coddled by American, the in-terminal experience with JetBlue was decidedly more unvarnished. There was a dedicated security line for Mint travelers, but it was as long as all the other lines. There was no lounge offering fine spirits and amuse-bouches, or any ego-boosting perks for Hollywood aspirants. I shuffled around the terminal (which had far better than average restaurant options), studied the departures screens dutifully and perused the magazine rack at Hudson News like a normal weary traveler. But when I stepped onto that A321 and settled into seat 2A, I was back in the lap of luxury. JetBlue has an unusual configuration of seats in its five-row front cabin — alternating rows of two seats with stand-alone mini-suites in rows 2 and 4. While everyone in American first class had looked ready for lunch at the Polo Lounge, my cabinmates here looked like Venice Beach creatives (excluding the guy in the track suit who was shouting Russian into his iPhone before takeoff). JetBlue was the only airline to offer free Wi-Fi — someone at the legacy carriers needs to figure out how to seamlessly give free internet to travelers who spend thousands on a flight. Mint was the least costly of the products I flew, but the quality of the service was outstanding. Soon after takeoff I was noshing on a curiously tasty parsnip mousse with taro chips and sipping a slightly citrusy sparkling wine from Mendocino. The meal service — a small-plate selection designed with inspiration from Saxon + Parole, the decidedly downtown grill on The Bowery — was the best I'd experience in my whole journey. I kicked my legs up and enjoyed a flavorful carrot-ginger soup, a super-fresh kale Cobb salad and a restaurant quality sea bass-risotto combo. I drank a California craft beer and cleaned my plate as I pondered my present-tense experiences with time dilation while watching Arrival on my entertainment system. (I found that all the airlines' hardware and programming options were more similar than different, and noted that La La Land and Manchester by the Sea were available across the board while no one offered Moonlight.). By then it was late, and I had been flying for 10 hours, and Amy Adams' brooding stares were in my head, and my flight attendant smartly suggested I pair my organic Blue Marble ice cream with a glass of Baileys. In reclining mode, the seat is as long as American's first class product, and it even has a bit more legroom and a nifty lumbar-massage feature. My real-time map indicated I was somewhere over New Mexico but I was feeling more drained than enchanted. So I closed the door to my little airborne suite and hugged my comforter and slipped into a state just short of sleep. Around 2:30 a.m. we landed at LAX — I had been on the move for about 15 hours and was right back where I started. ••• Delta One: Friendly Sizzle After three hours of glorious shut-eye at the Sheraton Gateway, I headed back to LAX. It was a 15-minute walk — my workout for the day — to meet my Delta One rep. The Delta One check in area in Terminal 5 was an actual oasis with modern furniture and an automated espresso machine and a vague smell of lavender. You could actually sit there for a moment and pretend that the TSA did not exist. But alas, it was time to go. My friendly Delta One rep guided me to the front of the security line and it wasn't long before I was in a large and well-appointed club. Like United, Delta does not have a VIP club within a club, but it does have some special nooks where a high-profile movie star can recuse themselves from the business-class hordes. Still, the club had an airy and contemporary feel, and attendants pushed carts around the room so you didn't even have to get out of your plush chair to get fresh orange juice or a pastry. I think I had about 45 minutes until my flight would depart so of course someone asked me if I wanted a ride in a Porsche. Delta has a program for elite fliers that unapologetically is called Surprise and Delight, where travelers are offered special perks without notice. So that's why I suddenly was on the tarmac, climbing into a metallic blue Cayenne piloted by a sweet woman who called herself Miss Jackie. For 15 minutes, Miss Jackie jockeyed with jumbo jets as I toured the underbelly of two terminals and learned that Delta has a little-known program for affluent and high-profile passengers landing at LAX — in which you and your bags get off the plane, and into a Porsche that immediately whisks you out a side exit and deposits you at a back entrance of a nearby luxury-hotel partner. (Delta representatives were reluctant to discuss their celebrity passengers, but I relentlessly asked everyone I met and learned that John Legend, Alicia Keys, Derek Jeter and Rihanna are die-hard Delta fliers. One airport staffer who deals with VIPs told me "all the Hollywood celebrities are surprisingly nice. But the Middle Eastern princes — they're a different story.") As our tour concluded, I asked Miss Jackie if she enjoyed driving the Cayenne. "Yes I do," she said. "But our red Panamera is more my style." Miss Jackie and her second-choice chariot dropped me right at my gate and a Delta One rep walked me to my seat. Then I was greeted at length by the head flight attendant serving the front cabin of my flight. Throughout the course of the day I came to believe that all of the positive clichés about Southern hospitality were evinced by the Delta employees I met. So goddamned friendly! The front cabin on Delta One flights is marketed as a business-class product — I flew a Boeing B757-200 with two-by-two seating. (Some Delta flights between L.A. and New York are on wide-body aircraft set up with a 1-2-1 seating arrangement in business class, meaning everyone has direct aisle access.) I sat next to a CBS executive and long before our cheery pilot announced our passage over the Grand Canyon I partook in more conversation than I had in the first 5,000 miles the day before. Breakfast service was delightful — a fruit and cheese plate, an assortment of warmed breads, good coffee and the best airline omelet I've ever had (narrowly topping one I had years ago in Swissair business class that was cooked in the aisle). Other than a regrettable glass of California Merlot — honestly, what was I thinking? — the food and drink were very good, not as inventive as JetBlue but executed as well. I kicked back my seat and watched Jackie, which offered a deeply personal reminder that you can live like royalty and still suffer. At this point, I had been in the air for more than 15 hours and was not exactly feeling right. After downing a crisp glass of Italian Brut and a gooey chocolate chip cookie, I decided to pull an eye mask out of my Tumi amenity kit and attempt a nap, but it just wasn't happening. In the fully reclining position the seat was comfortable (though a bit narrower than the competition) and the Westin-branded comforter was the best I'd snuggle with on my entire journey, but sleep never came. My flight landed at JFK, and my final return to LAX was departing from Newark in a few hours, so I was able to take advantage of a new partnership with a helicopter operator called Blade that is being announced by Delta this month. When I walked off the plane, I was greeted by another rep, who immediately led me down a staircase to the tarmac and into another Cayenne. This gentleman regaled me with stories of driving Lionel Richie and Joan Rivers ("The funniest person I've ever met, period") around JFK as he zipped me to a helipad. There, a matte black helicopter waited — for me. From the moment we touched down at JFK to the time I was on terra firma on the West Side was 29 minutes. I got to stare down at traffic on the Belt and see early-evening light reflect off the Freedom Tower and take selfies as I wore a cool headset. As I waited in the Blade lounge for my Lyft ride to Newark Airport for my final flight, the lovely hostess asked if I wanted to sample a super-premium vodka from the bar. I felt like Mad Max near the crux of The Road Warrior at that point, and I think I had the hair to match. I asked for a Perrier and tried to synopsize how I spent the past 28 hours. She looked at me blankly. "So now you're going to fly back to LAX?" she asked. "You've got to be kidding." ••• United Premium Service — Right Up the Middle All I remember about the drive to Newark was the happy realization that I had one more clean T-shirt in my messenger bag, so I did a quick backseat costume change as we went over the Pulaski Skyway. So when I was met curbside by my concierge for United's Signature Service, I was as crisp as I was going to get. In a way that was becoming commonplace, I blew through security in two minutes. (At United, anyone can purchase concierge service, even if they fly coach with grandma.) I haven't been inside Newark's Terminal C in years and don't think it's an exaggeration to say it now has the best airport dining options in the United States. Many millions have been spent and many hundreds of iPads have been installed and the options are staggering — hand-pulled ramen noodles at Kaedama; Alain Ducasse's bistro, Saison; a selection of 200-plus tequilas at Tacquilla; and a curious reimagining of the CBGB brand, where you can honor punk history with a wedge salad or a Kobe chili dog. I had a perfectly prepared grilled scallop dish at Daily, a farm-to-table restaurant that changes its menu every day. Yes, I ate a multicourse meal right before I boarded a dinnertime transcontinental business-class flight. I did a quick tour of a large and well-appointed club, and one employee showed me the exact couch where Britney Spears passed out. (The United Club at LAX was even nicer, with a chandeliered centerpiece bar and an outdoor patio with a clear-if-distant view of the Hollywood sign, and two United staffers confirmed that Sigourney Weaver is extremely kind.) In my altered state, all I could do was settle into yet another lie-flat seat and linger over my final glass of champagne. It was bubbly. I studied my amenity kit and paid for GoGo internet for the third time in two days. My seat on this B757 was a little bit shorter and a little bit wider than Delta's. I was not exactly hungry, but I didn't let that stop me from enjoying a sriracha-glazed shrimp app with a Goose Island IPA. My portobello and kale lasagna was just fine but I spent 15 minutes wistfully eyeing the lamb shoulder with gnocchi and eggplant confit that my neighbor, a spunky UTA agent, ordered for dinner. The agents always win! Eager to turn things around, I ordered a full-bodied American cabernet and kicked up my feet and dug into The Accountant, which offered high-octane proof that my journey could go south and west at the same time. But just when things seemed pointless, a small crew of flight attendants wheeled an actual ice-cream cart down the aisle — with freshly crumbled cookies and toasted nuts — and made me a sundae that restored my senses. I don't remember the end of the sundae. I just remember the cabin lights snapping on and looking down to see DTLA glittering as I was handed one final hot washcloth. I stumbled out to the curb at LAX around midnight, a beleaguered but changed man. After all, I was at least five pounds heavier than when I started. A version of this story first appeared in the April 13 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe. Main Image: Illustration by Michael Hirshon Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Kashmir: Students hit streets across Valley Narada case probe: Lodging FIR against 12, CBI closes in on Trinamool Dinakaran faces arrest, AIADMK floats merger plan Appointment of judges: SC collegium clears pending files, 90 names ED notice to Karti for alleged FEMA violation, Chidambaram says govt can’t silence my voice Home World Former US VP Joe Biden: Senator Ernest Hollings epitomizes courage, integrity Former US VP Joe Biden: Senator Ernest Hollings epitomizes courage, integrity Biden said Hollings' 2015 request that Congress rename the building for a judge considered a civil rights hero epitomized his friend's lifetime of selfless service. By: AP | Charleston (us) | Published:April 18, 2017 8:28 am In this Friday, July 23, 2010, photo, former VP Joe Biden chats with former Senator Ernest Fritz Hollings during the dedication ceremony of the new Ernest F Hollings Special Collections Library in Columbia. (AP Photo/Mary Ann Chastain, File photo) Colleagues of former US Senator Ernest “Fritz” Hollings said a statue unveiled Monday at the federal courthouse in Charleston that used to bear his name honors a man who served South Carolinians with courage, integrity and wit. Former Vice President Joe Biden said Hollings’ 2015 request that Congress rename the building for a judge considered a civil rights hero epitomized his friend’s lifetime of selfless service. “Nobody, nobody, nobody has ever said, ‘Take my name off a revered building in my city and put someone else’s name on it,”’ Biden said. US Rep. Jim Clyburn, D-SC, said congressional researchers confirmed to him before he introduced the legislation at Hollings’ insistence that it was a first. Hollings’ statue is outside the J Waties Waring Judicial Center, renamed for a South Carolina judge who attracted death threats for his rulings against segregation in the 1940s and 50s. Biden and other colleagues said the 95-year-old former Democratic governor is the reason South Carolina avoided the violence of other Southern states during desegregation. Before leaving the governor’s office in 1963, Hollings urged legislators to accept integration peacefully. South Carolina “must realize the lesson of 100 years ago and move on for the good of South Carolina and our United States,” Hollings told the Legislature in a joint assembly. “This should be done with dignity. It must be done with law and order.” Later that month, Harvey Gannt, a graduate of an African-American high school in Charleston, integrated Clemson University. Former Charleston Mayor Joe Riley noted Hollings made that speech while planning to run for the US Senate, when it politically made “no sense” for him to take an unpopular position. “Because of what he did, the door was opened in South Carolina,” Biden said, while other Deep South governors were “fomenting hate and division.” Hollings was elected to the US Senate in 1966 and went on to serve nearly 40 years before retiring in 2005. Colleagues praised Hollings for bringing attention to poverty, leading reporters on a series of “hunger tours” in 1969 and publishing a book the next year titled “The Case Against Hunger.” Hollings co-sponsored a law creating a program that provides nutritional food to pregnant women, new moms and children up to 5 years old. Riley said it’s impossible to calculate the lives saved through that law alone. He also said it was because of “this dynamo in Washington” that Charleston recovered as quickly as it did following Hurricane Hugo in 1989, because of the federal aid Hollings arranged, and survived the Navy base’s 1996 closure, with new military jobs sent to Charleston. US Sen. Lindsey Graham said BMW and Boeing would not be in South Carolina without the technical college system that Hollings created while governor. Part of the colleges’ role is training workers for industries moving into an area. Hollings, who served in the Army during World War II, represents the “greatest generation” well, Graham said. Governor Henry McMaster noted he was one of Hollings’ “victims,” getting “stomped firsthand” when he tried unsuccessfully in 1986 to unseat Hollings. Giving an example of Hollings’ quick wit, McMaster recalled challenging Hollings in a debate to take a drug test. “He immediately challenged me to an IQ test. We still laugh about that one,” McMaster said. “Few men in our country can match” Hollings’ service. Biden said Hollings is the reason he became a US senator and vice president. Their friendship began when Hollings endorsed him as a then-29-year-old Senate candidate and then, a month after the upset, convincing him not to give up the job when his wife and daughter died in a car crash. When Biden didn’t show up to his swearing in, Hollings arranged for it to happen at the hospital where his sons were, Biden said. They sat beside each other for the next 30 years. Biden was also the key speaker at the 2010 dedication of a University of South Carolina library named after Hollings. “I marvel at your integrity,” Biden told Hollings. While he remained seated, Hollings spoke briefly at the end, thanking the speakers and praising Biden’s ability to “wheel and deal” as senator and vice president. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express AIADMK factions set to merge? Here's all that has happened so far EntertainmentHalf Girlfriend song Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahunga: More than Arjun Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor is lost in love. Watch video  EntertainmentSRK says yes to Brett Ratner's Rush Hour but has one condition EntertainmentPrabhas to make Bollywood debut after Baahubali 2? Here's the actor's answer EntertainmentSonu Nigam azaan row: Pooja Bhatt takes a jibe at the singer, salutes the spirit of India Must Read SportsVohra leads one-man army, but Bhuvi wins war SportsMust expect the unexpected in T20 cricket: Bhuvi SportsArsenal keep Champions League hopes alive TechnologyReliance Jio is no longer free: Here are the tariffs and plans explained TechnologySnap stock falls after social media anger over CEO's alleged 'anti-India' comment TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, S8+ have a red screen issue, but company says users can fix it Lifestyle'Wicked' stepmothers may be a myth: Study Apr 18: Latest News Retail inflation seen at 4.8% in financial year 2018, fears exaggerated: Report Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ have a red screen issue, but company says users can fix it AIADMK factions set to merge? Here’s all that has happened so far Apple iPhone 8 schematics leaked, reveal thin side bezels IPL 2017: Hope to get back to winning ways once playing at home, says Manan Vohra                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail C919 ends first high-speed taxi test Updated 2017-04-18 10:01:08 China Daily A C919 aircraft rolls off the assembly line in Shanghai. The plane, China's homegrown big passenger jet, completed its first high-speed taxiing test on Sunday. The much-anticipated C919, the large homegrown passenger jet, has finished its first high-speed taxiing test, and it is just one step closer to its maiden flight. Shanghai-based State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd, the manufacturer of the C919, completed the high-speed taxiing test in Shanghai on Sunday. Since the first C919 rolled off the assembly line, COMAC has been conducting tests in preparation for its first flight. So far, it has completed most of ground-based pre-flight evaluations, including the low-speed and medium-speed taxiing tests, to examine the whole aircraft and its key components and connecting parts. Wang Yanan, editor-in-chief of Aerospace Knowledge magazine, said high-speed taxiing tests are usually conducted at speeds of 230 to 260 kilometers per hour, with the front landing gear slightly lifted to simulate takeoff. "It is hard to evaluate the intervals between each high-speed taxiing tests. It could be two to three days or one week. It could be very fast if everything went right and no big technical faults occurred," Wang said. "Usually, every latter high-speed test will be conducted at a faster speed than the previous one, and more similar to the real condition before takeoff." He said COMAC will evaluate if the experimental performance is consistent to the designed capability, and the company would have to finish all the steps to guarantee the success of its flight. For B787 of Boeing Co and A350 of Airbus Group SE, both widebody planes required high-speed taxiing tests of less than 10 times. The C919, the single-aisle, 168-seat and twin-engine jet, is a commercial aircraft for medium-haul flights. The homemade plane is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and the new-generation B737, which currently dominate the market. As of last November, COMAC had received 570 orders for the C919 from more than 20 customers, including domestic airlines such as Air China, China Southern, China Eastern, Hainan Airlines, Sichuan Airlines and Joy Air. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58April 18 2017 15:03:55 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16April 18 2017 15:03:55 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18April 18 2017 15:03:55 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 4 weather alerts Close Cascade Mall shooting suspect Arcan Cetin dies in jail A stunning development in the case of the Cascade Mall killer Arcan Cetin. Cetin was found dead in his cell last night, apparently committing suicide. Travis Pittman and Eric Wilkinson, KING 10:43 PM. CDT April 17, 2017 Arcan Cetin appears in a Skagit County courtroom, Sept. 26, 2016. (Credit; KING) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Arcan Cetin, the man charged with killing five people in a shooting at Cascade Mall in Burlington last September, was found dead Sunday night at the Snohomish County Jail. The Skagit County Prosecutor's Office said Cetin (pronounced AR'-jahn CHEHT-in) was discovered hanging in his cell just before 7 p.m. Officers attempted CPR but were unsuccessful. "I feel we were seriously robbed of justice by him taking his own life," said Amy Martin, whose aunt Shayla Martin was one of the victims. "I think that's the coward's way out. Cetin, 20, was charged with five counts of aggravated first-degree murder for the Sept. 23, 2016 killings. The charges alleged Cetin acted with "premeditated intent" when he used a rifle to kill a teenage girl, three women, and a man at the Macy's women's store inside the mall 65 miles north of Seattle. "On some level there is a level of disappointment. We would have liked for this case to have gone through the entire proceeding and to have justice after we were able to present our case," said prosecutor Rosemary Kaholokula. Cetin's stepfather, David Marshall, previously told the media that Cetin "has had mental health issues that we have been working on him with." The 20-year-old had a history of violent behavior toward his family and ex-girlfriend. His neighbor described Cetin as "creepy." Cetin had visited his mother and Marshall before the Sept. 23 shooting, and stolen his stepfather's .22-caliber Ruger rifle, which had been hidden under a bed, according to records acquired by The Associated Press. On the night of the shooting, he first went to the mall's movie theater and used his cell phone to prop the door open when he went outside. But another movie-goer closed the door behind him and gave the phone to theater officials, thwarting whatever plans Cetin may have had. Soon after, Cetin retrieved his phone from officials and went into the mall. Cetin entered through the Chuck E. Cheese restaurant just before 7 p.m. and headed for the Macy's women's store, Mount Vernon police officer Dave Shackleton said in an arrest warrant affidavit. Surveillance video shows Cetin shooting a teenage girl near some clothing racks and then shooting a man. He then headed for the cosmetics section where he shot two women who were hugging and trembling in front of the counter and one who was trying to hide behind it. Cetin left the rifle with a 25-round magazine on a cosmetics counter before fleeing, police said in court documents. The victims ranged from a 16-year-old girl to a woman in her 90s and included a probation officer and a Boeing maintenance worker. Authorities circulated a photo of the shooter taken by a surveillance camera and soon identified Cetin as that man. He was arrested about 30 hours later as he walked near his apartment in Oak Harbor. He had been hiding in Seattle and sleeping in his car while on the run, records showed. During interviews with police, Cetin admitted that he shot the five people at the mall, but did not provide a reason. Now, no one will ever know. "It just isn't fair and now not knowing why kind of makes it worse," said Martin. Cetin was in the midst of mental health evaluations to determine whether he was fit to stand trial. He had been moved from the Skagit County jail to Snohomish County because he was making comments detrimental to his case to other inmates at the Mount Vernon facility. That created a potential conflict of interest for Cetin's public defenders who might have had to put people they are actively defending on the witness stand. Court documents show Cetin attempted suicide back in 2015. Many unanswered questions remain about his death in Snohomish County such as, was Cetin under a suicide watch, when was the last time he was checked on, and how was he ultimately able to take his own life? This is at least the 14th inmate death at the Snohomish County jail since 2010.  The family of shooting victim Wilton "Chuck" Eagan released the following statement on Monday: “We’re understandably in shock over this development. Our heart goes out to Mr. Cetin’s family. We pray that the man repented to God before his death. While this event puts to rest our fear of his release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief. The family wishes to extend our continued thanks to those who responded to this tragedy, especially law enforcement and the Skagit County Prosecutor’s office for their steadfast professionalism and compassion. We are also grateful to all of those in the community whose love has helped see us through the past six months as we grieve and remember Chuck. The family requests privacy as we continue to process this turn of events.” The Associated Press contributed. © 2017 KING-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Couple kicked off United flight in Houston New casino cruise ship opens in Galveston Bride and groom removed from United Airlines flight Accident damages Galveston casino cruise ship EXCLUSIVE: Suspect arrested in bizarre crime spree A&M football player accused of indecent exposure Latest on Cleveland murder posted to Facebook - 6:10 a.m update 'Floating museum' docked and open for tours in Galveston Teen accused of killing parents makes bond TSU student shot outside campus apartments More Stories 4 in custody following armed robbery, chase in north… Apr 17, 2017, 6:18 p.m. Humble mom accused of torturing baby to get back at ex Apr 17, 2017, 2:32 p.m. Man, woman killed in separate shootings in NE Harris County Apr 17, 2017, 9:04 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar Tuesday, 18 April 2017, 9:53 am Article: BusinessDesk Tuesday 18 April 2017 06:47 AM World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar By Margreet Dietz April 18 (BusinessDesk) - The latest US quarterly earnings are firmly in focus in another shortened trading week. US companies reporting this week include Netflix, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and International Business Machines. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher, rebounding as geopolitical tensions eased. In 2.20pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.61 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.56 percent. In 2.05pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 0.58 percent. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favour of this market at least in the near-term,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. Underpinning gains were solid economic data from China, showing better-than-expected growth in the country’s gross domestic product, retail sales, and industrial output. "Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices," Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore, told Bloomberg. "Secondly, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth." In the US, advances in shares of Nike and those of Boeing, up 1.6 percent and 1.4 percent respectively in afternoon trading, led the Dow higher. Shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil bucked the trend, down 0.3 percent and 0.1 percent respectively for the only stocks declining in the Dow in afternoon trading. The energy producers declined with the price of oil. US Federal Reserve officials scheduled to speak this week include Stanley Fisher on Monday, Esther George on Tuesday, Eric Rosengren on Wednesday, Jerome Powell on Thursday, and Neel Kashkari on Friday. Their comments will be closely watched for any clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike and plans for trimming the Fed’s balance sheet. The latest US economic data slated for release include housing starts and industrial production, due Tuesday; the Fed's Beige Book, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey and leading indicators, due Thursday; as well as the PMI composite, and existing home sales, due Friday. Investors will also eye the annual spring meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, which start on Friday in Washington. Markets in Europe were closed for the Easter holiday on Monday. Here, the key economic data scheduled for release this week include the eurozone trade balance and consumer price index, due Wednesday; German producer price index, and eurozone consumer confidence, due Thursday; and eurozone manufacturing and services PMIs, as well as the current account, due Friday. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Cyclone Cook: Round Up Of This Week’s Weather One of the significant impacts this week was flooding due to excessive rainfall amounts. Rainfall amounts topped out at 350mm over the past 60 hours in parts of northwest Nelson, with 200mm+ measurements recorded about Coromandel Peninsula, and between 150-200mm in the Kaimai Ranges. Rainfall amounts of between 30-50mm were commonplace elsewhere. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Temporary Accommodation Service activated for Edgecumbe Christchurch City Council - Water levels receding Thames Coromandel District Council - Final weather and roading update – 8am Whakatane District Council - Summary: impacts of Cyclone Cook on the District - Whakatāne District cyclone recovery progress Bay of Plenty Civil Defence - Terminated State of Local Emergency, Bay of Plenty Waikato District Council - Waikato starts to dry out but river levels will remain high Hastings District Council - Clean-up operation on-going Auckland Civil Defence - Auckland Civil Defence scales back Hamilton City Council - No issues with Hamilton's water quality after Cyclone Cook Science Media Centre - Cyclone Cook and flood risk - Expert Reaction Unison Networks - Advice to Customers Without Power Overnight More Scoop Coverage Scoop Search - Latest weather news Earlier: Batten Down The Hatches For Cyclone Cook Although fast-moving, Cyclone Cook will be destructive and MetService Expert Meteorologists have issued Severe Wind Warnings for the whole of the North Island apart from Northland... More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Cyclone Cook and flood risk - Expert Reaction NZ Govt - Keep safe on the roads this Easter Forest and Bird - Parliament must act to limit extreme weather impacts Greenpeace NZ - Bill English crying “crocodile tears” over flood devastation Safe Cybering: NZ Government's Cyber-Security One-Stop Shop Cert NZ Opens The government's Computer Emergency Response Team (Cert NZ) officially opened today to act as a one-stop shop for all New Zealanders and local entities to find information on how to deal with cyber-security issues. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - New national cyber security unit launched - NZ cyber security strategy tracking well InternetNZ - Celebrating a boost to New Zealand cybersecurity Science Media Centre - NZ gets a 'CERT' - What are the big cybersecurity threats? Standards: New Zealand Mānuka Honey Science Definition Food Safety Minister David Bennett has welcomed the Ministry for Primary Industries’ release of a proposed scientific definition for mānuka honey produced in New Zealand. More>> ALSO: Apiculture NZ - Gov't science definition of mānuka honey an important step Image - MPI on Twitter Crown Accounts: Surplus Smashes Forecast The operating balance before gains and losses (OBEGAL) was a surplus of $1,410 million, compared to a forecast surplus of $498 million. This favourable variance of $912 million was largely due to higher than forecast core Crown tax revenue and lower than forecast core Crown expenses. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ company profits continue to bolster tax take NZ Govt - $1.4b surplus in Crown Accounts to February Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Minister appoints two new Electricity Authority members 5:34 PM | BusinessDesk Aged Care Provider Enliven Says Pay Equity a Game Changer 5:21 PM | Enliven Annual inflation tipped to hit mid-point of RBNZ's target 5:06 PM | BusinessDesk Geneious Biologics Set to Launch at Bio-IT World 5:03 PM | Biomatters The CUBE Launches Business Mentors Initiative 5:01 PM | CUBE Rail industries on track for Rail R U OK?Day 4:59 PM | Tracksafe Foundation The changing face of the retail consumer 4:16 PM | Visa More   RSS MindLabKids.com beaming into a home near you 9:09 AM | The Mind Lab NASA Balloon Launch Attempt Postponed Due to Winds 17/04/17 | NASA Launch Attempt Scheduled for NASA Super Pressure Balloon 16/04/17 | NASA Round up of this week’s weather 14/04/17 | MetService Science Deadline: Another cyclone, freshwater... 13/04/17 | Science Media Centre UC Pro-Vice-Chancellor wins international geospatial award 13/04/17 | University of Canterbu... Study shows childhood ‘self control’ key to positive futures 13/04/17 | PORSE More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Huawei P10 review: A steady-as-you-go upgrade 12:36 AM | Bill Bennett Don Christie says global IT giants all take, no gi... 13 Apr | Bill Bennett Spark, 2degrees unlimited mobile data plans reveal... 9:26 PM | Bill Bennett 2degrees Data Clock sells bytes by the hour 1:04 AM | Bill Bennett Agile Spark responds to 2degrees with unlimited mo... 07 Apr | Bill Bennett Rural broadband extension bids: Your guide to RBI2... 06 Apr | Bill Bennett 2degrees offers trial unmetered mobile phone data 6:19 AM | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Minister appoints two new Electricity Authority me... 5:34 PM | admin SH1 south of Kaikoura: highway closed for several ... 5:26 PM | admin Pay Rise But Why Did National Wait So Long 5:22 PM | admin Aged Care Provider Enliven Says Pay Equity a Game ... 5:21 PM | admin Serious crash Upper Buller Gorge east of Inangahua 5:16 PM | admin Annual inflation tipped to hit mid-point of RBNZ’s... 5:06 PM | admin Geneious Biologics Set to Launch at Bio-IT World 5:03 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar 9:53 April 18, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk April 18 (BusinessDesk) – The latest US quarterly earnings are firmly in focus in another shortened trading week.Tuesday 18 April 2017 06:47 AM World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar By Margreet Dietz April 18 (BusinessDesk) – The latest US quarterly earnings are firmly in focus in another shortened trading week. US companies reporting this week include Netflix, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and International Business Machines. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher, rebounding as geopolitical tensions eased. In 2.20pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.61 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.56 percent. In 2.05pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 0.58 percent. “The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favour of this market at least in the near-term,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. Underpinning gains were solid economic data from China, showing better-than-expected growth in the country’s gross domestic product, retail sales, and industrial output. “Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices,” Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore, told Bloomberg. “Secondly, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth.” In the US, advances in shares of Nike and those of Boeing, up 1.6 percent and 1.4 percent respectively in afternoon trading, led the Dow higher. Shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil bucked the trend, down 0.3 percent and 0.1 percent respectively for the only stocks declining in the Dow in afternoon trading. The energy producers declined with the price of oil. US Federal Reserve officials scheduled to speak this week include Stanley Fisher on Monday, Esther George on Tuesday, Eric Rosengren on Wednesday, Jerome Powell on Thursday, and Neel Kashkari on Friday. Their comments will be closely watched for any clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike and plans for trimming the Fed’s balance sheet. The latest US economic data slated for release include housing starts and industrial production, due Tuesday; the Fed’s Beige Book, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey and leading indicators, due Thursday; as well as the PMI composite, and existing home sales, due Friday. Investors will also eye the annual spring meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, which start on Friday in Washington. Markets in Europe were closed for the Easter holiday on Monday. Here, the key economic data scheduled for release this week include the eurozone trade balance and consumer price index, due Wednesday; German producer price index, and eurozone consumer confidence, due Thursday; and eurozone manufacturing and services PMIs, as well as the current account, due Friday. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Minister appoints two new Electricity Authority members SH1 south of Kaikoura: highway closed for several days Pay Rise But Why Did National Wait So Long Aged Care Provider Enliven Says Pay Equity a Game Changer Serious crash Upper Buller Gorge east of Inangahua Annual inflation tipped to hit mid-point of RBNZ’s target Geneious Biologics Set to Launch at Bio-IT World The CUBE Launches Business Mentors Initiative Rail industries on track for Rail R U OK?Day Guild to host third Pharmacy Business Network Home care sector welcomes pay equity funding Select Committee failed to identify the target Motorcyclists heed safety warning – zero Easter fatalities FIRST Union congratulates care workers, prepares new claim Association welcomes pay settlement for caregivers Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar Tuesday, 18 April 2017, 9:53 am Article: BusinessDesk Tuesday 18 April 2017 06:47 AM World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar By Margreet Dietz April 18 (BusinessDesk) – The latest US quarterly earnings are firmly in focus in another shortened trading week. US companies reporting this week include Netflix, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and International Business Machines. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher, rebounding as geopolitical tensions eased. In 2.20pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 0.61 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.56 percent. In 2.05pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index advanced 0.58 percent. „The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favour of this market at least in the near-term,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. Underpinning gains were solid economic data from China, showing better-than-expected growth in the country’s gross domestic product, retail sales, and industrial output. „Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices,” Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore, told Bloomberg. „Secondly, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth.” In the US, advances in shares of Nike and those of Boeing, up 1.6 percent and 1.4 percent respectively in afternoon trading, led the Dow higher. Shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil bucked the trend, down 0.3 percent and 0.1 percent respectively for the only stocks declining in the Dow in afternoon trading. The energy producers declined with the price of oil. US Federal Reserve officials scheduled to speak this week include Stanley Fisher on Monday, Esther George on Tuesday, Eric Rosengren on Wednesday, Jerome Powell on Thursday, and Neel Kashkari on Friday. Their comments will be closely watched for any clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike and plans for trimming the Fed’s balance sheet. The latest US economic data slated for release include housing starts and industrial production, due Tuesday; the Fed’s Beige Book, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey and leading indicators, due Thursday; as well as the PMI composite, and existing home sales, due Friday. Investors will also eye the annual spring meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, which start on Friday in Washington. Markets in Europe were closed for the Easter holiday on Monday. Here, the key economic data scheduled for release this week include the eurozone trade balance and consumer price index, due Wednesday; German producer price index, and eurozone consumer confidence, due Thursday; and eurozone manufacturing and services PMIs, as well as the current account, due Friday. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious State’s insurance premium subsidy program a reality Next PostNext Chain Hoist Market 2021 Market Competitive Landscape Analysis Search Recent Posts Spike in Demand for Blood Gas and Electrolyte Analyzers Likely as Incidence of Critical Illnesses Increase in Europe and Middle East Global Data Center Construction Market 2017 – AECOM, Arup Group, Fluor Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 – Sigma Sport, Bryton Inc., Bioninc Global Wood Coating Market to Rise Due to the on-Going Construction Boom and Rise in Global Population Global 3D Scanner Market Has Been Valued at US $5.83 Billion by 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Flight Navigation System Global Market Trend, Research Approach, Data Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Flight Navigation System Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advanceme   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 17, 2017 ) The Global Flight Navigation Market is valued at $10 billion in 2014 and expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.61% reaching $17.98 billion by 2022. The growing demand for aircrafts across the globe and rise in the air traffic are driving the market growth. The increasing demand for accurate navigation and advancing technologies are also an added advantage to create business opportunities for the key players in this market. Efforts to lessen CO2 emission and environmental awareness are some of the prominent factors influencing this market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/flight-navigation-system-global-market-outlook-trends-forecast-and-opportunity-assessment-2014-2022 The factors that are hampering the market growth include high costs, complexity of the systems, and their accuracy. GPS compatibility is also a considerable challenge for the growth of this market. However, fuel efficiency is expected to provide business opportunities for the existing as well as potential players in this market. The global flight navigation market is segmented on product types, application, flight instrument and region. Depending on the Product type the market is segmented into two types namely flight navigation system and communication devices. Flight navigator system is further segmented into Radar, Hyperbolic Navigation System, GNSS, Instrument Landing System, Inertial Navigation System, VOR/DME, Automatic Direction Finder, Doppler Navigation System, Flight Management System and Heads up Display. Communication devices are categorized into Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System, Automatic Dependent Surveillance, Portable Avoidance Collision System, Aircraft Transponders. By Application navigator market is segmented into Commercial and it is further divided into two types Fixed Wing, Rotary Wing. The Flight instrument market is divided into Altimeter, Gyroscope, Autopilot, Magnetic Compass and Sensors. Gyroscope and it is further alienated into Attitude Gyro, Turn Rate Gyro and Directional Gyro. Sensors segment is further segmented as Air Speed Indicator, Vertical Speed Indicator and Pitot tube. Geographically flight navigation market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (ROW). The growth expectation of this market will be constant in the North America and European regions. However, the growth expectation for this market will be higher in the Asia-pacific region due to an increasing demand for aircraft deliveries in these regions. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117265/sample Major players in flight navigation system market include Esterline Technology, Garmin Ltd, Honeywell International Inc., Moog Inc, Northrop Grumman Corp, Raytheon Company, Rockwell Collins, The Boeing Company and Universal Avionics Corporation. What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Esterline Technologies Corp 10.2 Garmin Ltd. 10.3 Honeywell International Inc. 10.4 Moog Inc. 10.5 Northrop Grumman Corp 10.6 Raytheon Company 10.7 Rockwell Collins 10.8 Sagem 10.9 The Boeing Company 10.10 Universal Avionics Corporation Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117265/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Netflix's first-quarter subscriber additions misses estimates Business Standard Wall St. rallies in low volume led by banks, tech Reuters  |  NEW YORK  April 18, 2017 Last Updated at 01:59 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV0B7U ALSO READ Bank stocks fall, defensive shares firm as Wall St treads water Wall St turns negative as bank stocks weigh Energy shares buoy Wall St. as crude rises Tech, bank shares slip after recent gains; health outperforms Wall Street dips as pharma, bank stocks retreat By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. Stock trading volume was the lightest for a single session so far this year. Stocks rebounded after investors last week sought safe-haven assets due to geopolitical tensions, mainly out of Syria and North Korea. "The market started out on an up note because we went through the weekend without significant global turmoil," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "This is the unwinding (of) the defensiveness with which we went into the long weekend." Tuz said strong bank earnings last week kept the group in investors' favour, and there is support for stocks from expectations that overall earnings for the S&P 500 will be "pretty robust." At the closing bell on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 20.06 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 51.64 points, or 0.89 percent, to 5,856.79. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> closed up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials rose for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. S&P 500 component Netflix , which reported results after the bell, was up 3.0 percent to $147.25 during the regular session but fell 2.1 percent after the bell. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 2.0 percent to $901.99 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.9 percent to $179.02. Incyte Corp tumbled 10.5 percent to $126.07, while Eli Lilly dropped 4.1 percent to $82.38 after the companies said on Friday the U.S. drug regulator declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis from the two partners. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 49 new lows. About 5.31 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Bank | Shares | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wall St. rallies in low volume led by banks, tech NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. Stock trading volume was the lightest for a single session so far this year. Stocks rebounded after investors last week sought safe-haven assets due to geopolitical tensions, mainly out of Syria and North Korea. "The market started out on an up note because we went through the weekend without significant global turmoil," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "This is the unwinding (of) the defensiveness with which we went into the long weekend." Tuz said strong bank earnings last week kept the group in investors' favour, and there is support for stocks from expectations that overall earnings for the S&P 500 will be "pretty robust." At the closing bell on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 20.06 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 51.64 points, or 0.89 percent, to 5,856.79. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> closed up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials rose for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. S&P 500 component Netflix , which reported results after the bell, was up 3.0 percent to $147.25 during the regular session but fell 2.1 percent after the bell. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 2.0 percent to $901.99 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.9 percent to $179.02. Incyte Corp tumbled 10.5 percent to $126.07, while Eli Lilly dropped 4.1 percent to $82.38 after the companies said on Friday the U.S. drug regulator declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis from the two partners. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 49 new lows. About 5.31 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall St. rallies in low volume led by banks, tech By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. Stock trading volume was the lightest for a single session so far this year. Stocks rebounded after investors last week sought safe-haven assets due to geopolitical tensions, mainly out of Syria and North Korea. "The market started out on an up note because we went through the weekend without significant global turmoil," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "This is the unwinding (of) the defensiveness with which we went into the long weekend." Tuz said strong bank earnings last week kept the group in investors' favour, and there is support for stocks from expectations that overall earnings for the S&P 500 will be "pretty robust." At the closing bell on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 20.06 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 51.64 points, or 0.89 percent, to 5,856.79. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> closed up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials rose for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. S&P 500 component Netflix , which reported results after the bell, was up 3.0 percent to $147.25 during the regular session but fell 2.1 percent after the bell. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 2.0 percent to $901.99 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.9 percent to $179.02. Incyte Corp tumbled 10.5 percent to $126.07, while Eli Lilly dropped 4.1 percent to $82.38 after the companies said on Friday the U.S. drug regulator declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis from the two partners. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 49 new lows. About 5.31 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Snap stock falls as alleged CEO comments rile some on social media Beaten down banks, tech lead Wall St. rally Business Standard Wall St. rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics Reuters  |  NEW YORK  April 18, 2017 Last Updated at 01:05 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV0B7G ALSO READ Bank stocks fall, defensive shares firm as Wall St treads water Wall St turns negative as bank stocks weigh Energy shares buoy Wall St. as crude rises Tech, bank shares slip after recent gains; health outperforms Wall Street dips as pharma, bank stocks retreat By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. S&P 500 component Netflix , due to report results after the bell, was up 2.6 percent at $146.68. "We could exit this earnings season with double-digit growth, and that's the only data we should care about," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. On Friday, a U.S. market holiday but not a government holiday, data showed U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, pointing to a loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. In later afternoon trading on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 169.82 points, or 0.83 percent, to 20,623.07, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 18.74 points, or 0.80 percent, to 2,347.69 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 47.04 points, or 0.81 percent, to 5,852.19. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> was on track to close up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials could end up for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 1.9 percent to $901.48 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.8 percent to $178.77. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.99-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 46 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Bank | Shares | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wall St. rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares. By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. S&P 500 component Netflix , due to report results after the bell, was up 2.6 percent at $146.68. "We could exit this earnings season with double-digit growth, and that's the only data we should care about," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. On Friday, a U.S. market holiday but not a government holiday, data showed U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, pointing to a loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. In later afternoon trading on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 169.82 points, or 0.83 percent, to 20,623.07, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 18.74 points, or 0.80 percent, to 2,347.69 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 47.04 points, or 0.81 percent, to 5,852.19. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> was on track to close up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials could end up for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 1.9 percent to $901.48 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.8 percent to $178.77. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.99-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 46 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall St. rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. S&P 500 component Netflix , due to report results after the bell, was up 2.6 percent at $146.68. "We could exit this earnings season with double-digit growth, and that's the only data we should care about," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. On Friday, a U.S. market holiday but not a government holiday, data showed U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, pointing to a loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. In later afternoon trading on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 169.82 points, or 0.83 percent, to 20,623.07, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 18.74 points, or 0.80 percent, to 2,347.69 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 47.04 points, or 0.81 percent, to 5,852.19. The technology sector of the S&P 500 <.SPRLCT> was on track to close up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials could end up for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 1.9 percent to $901.48 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing , sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.8 percent to $178.77. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.99-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 46 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Money   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Dow surges 183 despite global tensions 'I think this is a relief rally' Published: 10 hours ago (CNBC) — U.S. equities closed higher on Monday as a weekend filled with geopolitical worries ended more calmly than investors expected, while bank stocks charged ahead. The Dow Jones industrial average closed more than 180 points higher as Boeing and Goldman Sachs contributed the most gains on the 30-stock index. The S&P 500 gained 0.86 percent, with financials leading advancers. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) rose more than half a percent after the top two Wells Fargo executives bought $5 million worth of Wells stock. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US stocks rally ahead of big earnings reports News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US stocks rally ahead of big earnings reports Wall Street stocks scored solid gains on Monday ahead of a heavy week of corporate earnings and after China reported better-than-expected first quarter growth. Posted 18 Apr 2017 04:34 Updated 18 Apr 2017 04:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks scored solid gains on Monday (Apr 17) ahead of a heavy week of corporate earnings and after China reported better-than-expected first quarter growth. The earnings calendar this week includes Goldman Sachs, Netflix and General Electric. Companies in the S&P 500 are expected to report 9.2 per cent growth in first-quarter earnings, according to FactSet. Chinese economic growth came in at 6.9 per cent in the first quarter, better than the 6.8 per cent expected by analysts and a sign of stabilisation in the world's second-biggest economy. Analysts said geopolitical concerns were still important, but investors took heart after there were no major international incidents over the weekend. Stocks sold off late last week ahead of the holiday weekend on anxiety about North Korea and Syria. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 183.67 points (0.90 per cent) to close the session at 20,636.92. The broad-based S&P 500 climbed 20.06 points (0.86 per cent) to end the day at 2,349.01, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index rose 51.64 points (0.89 per cent) to finish at 5,856.79. Technology companies with solid gains of 1.5 per cent or more included Amazon, Facebook and Google parent Alphabet. Boeing won 1.9 per cent on news that it plans to cut hundreds of engineering jobs in a response to slowing commercial airplane sales. Metals company Arconic, a recent spinoff from aluminium giant Alcoa, rose 3.1 percent on news that Klaus Kleinfeld would step down as chief executive in the wake of pressure from Elliott Management. Alere, which sells diagnostic tools to the health industry, surged 15.9 per cent after it agreed to amend the terms of its sale to Abbott for US$5.3 billion, down from US$5.8 billion when it was announced in January 2016. The moves put the deal back on track after Abbott had said it might not be completed. Abbott Laboratories gained 1.5 per cent. Eli Lilly dropped 4.1 per cent on news the US Food and Drug Administration did not approve the drugmaker's application for baricitinib, a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > Airlines > Trump moves to restore Ex-Im Bank to full functionality Trump moves to restore Ex-Im Bank to full functionality Apr 17, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-April 17-21, 2017 Advertisement The US Export-Import bank (Ex-Im), a key financing tool for major commercial aircraft transactions, moved a step closer to becoming fully functional again after US President Donald Trump nominated two new Ex-Im board members. The nominees are former US Reps. Scott Garrett (R-New Jersey) and Spencer Bachus (R-Alabama). Garrett was nominated by Trump to be Ex-Im’s president, while Bachus would be a board member. Both would have four-year terms. The US Senate must confirm the nominations. Once a non-controversial US government agency that financed export credit loans, helping facilitate commercial aircraft deals, Ex-Im became a political lightening rod in 2015, with many lawmakers—particularly Republicans—criticizing it as a vehicle for crony capitalism. Ex-Im’s authorization expired altogether for more than five months in 2015 before Congress restored its authority through 2019 in December 2015. However, Ex-Im has been only partially operational since then because it lacks the requisite number of board members to authorize transactions of more than $10 million, meaning it could not finance, among other deals, most Boeing commercial aircraft orders. That status appeared unlikely to change after Trump was elected president; as a candidate, he had regularly blasted Ex-Im and promised to shut it down. But the president reversed course last week, telling the Wall Street Journal that while he once considered Ex-Im to be a “ridiculous thing,” he has come to understand that “actually it’s a very good thing and it actually makes money.” He then moved to nominate Garrett and Bachus, setting the stage for Ex-Im to be restored to full power if they are confirmed to the board. “This is a crucial next step to restoring a quorum on the bank’s board so it can approve transactions larger than $10 million and restore American export competitiveness in the global marketplace,” the US Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) said in a statement, adding, “The bank currently has a backlog of 40 deals worth more than $30 billion that it cannot process … Ex-Im Bank support is critical for US exporters in the aerospace and defense industry—both large companies and their small and medium suppliers.” However, some members of Congress pointed out that Garrett was among the lawmakers who have been vocal critics of Ex-Im and is an odd choice to lead the agency, calling into question how firm Trump’s new support for Ex-Im actually is. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Discharge petition forces US House vote on Ex-Im Bank   House of Reps passes Ex-Im reauthorization; focus now on Senate 1   Trump budget seeks to significantly reshape FAA, TSA   What do Vladimir Putin and Delta's Richard Anderson have in common? 17 United’s Munoz issues full apology for bumped passenger incident Blogs & Commentary Apr 14, 2017 blog US mainline-regional system likely contributed to bumping incident I can’t help but wonder if the Byzantine relationship between mainlines and regionals is partly to blame for this incident....More Apr 11, 2017 blog Munoz’s apology may not be enough Let’s start with today’s good news for United. The CEO issued a full apology for the awful bumped-then-dragged passenger incident, took full responsibility and promised a full review of the company’s crew transport and over-booking procedures....More Apr 10, 2017 blog United bumped passenger video damages all airlines The news and video that emerged today of a passenger being roughly dragged from a United Airlines aircraft for no other reason than the airline had oversold the flight is truly disturbing....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 12, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales to automate new movie releases Technology provider Thales is hoping to automate new movie releases on its AVANT inflight entertainment (IFE) system from around 2020 and to introduce live TV replay functionality by 2018....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales poised to announce full-suite IFEC customer Technology provider Thales has signed a contract with an unnamed customer, covering its entire suite of inflight entertainment and connectivity (IFEC) products, which should be made public by June....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: STG Aerospace certifies square reading light UK-based aircraft lighting specialist STG Aerospace has certified a square reading light and secured floor path lighting contracts with China Eastern Airlines and Icelandair....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Advertisement Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News ATSG Subsidiary PEMCO Wins Three-Year Maintenance Contract with Frontier Airlines WILMINGTON, Ohio–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Aviation maintenance and engineering company PEMCO World Air Services (PEMCO), a wholly owned subsidiary of Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATSG), has secured a three-year maintenance agreement with U.S.-based low-cost carrier Frontier Airlines covering Frontier’s expanding fleet, consisting today of more than 60 Airbus A320-family passenger aircraft. “PEMCO has proven to be a first class Airbus maintenance provider and is more than capable of supporting our needs for the foreseeable future,” said Jim Mach, Frontier Airlines’ Director of Maintenance. PEMCO General Manager Pastor Lopez said, “As Frontier continues to expand, we look forward to the opportunity to grow with them. Utilizing our Lean processes, we’ll continue to provide Frontier with award-winning quality and on-time service.” Maintenance services will be performed primarily at PEMCO’s maintenance facilities at the Tampa International Airport. The agreement builds on a relationship with Frontier that started in 2015 with PEMCO’s interior modifications to Frontier’s A319s and A320s, which earned PEMCO the prestigious Tech Ops Business Partner Excellence Award from Frontier. In 2016, Frontier awarded PEMCO a contract for heavy maintenance, drop-in, on-call and away maintenance support for Frontier’s fleet, which now comprises more than 60 Airbus A319, A320, and A321 aircraft, and is expanding via Frontier’s orders for more than 60 additional A320-family aircraft. The new three-year agreement covers heavy checks, induction checks, exit checks, drop-in maintenance, on-call maintenance, and away maintenance, and includes options for extension in two one-year intervals. Chris Johnson, Manager of MRO Sales for PEMCO, said, “This new contract further deepens our partnership with Frontier. It’s a testament to our team and their hard work over the past two years.” Headquartered in Denver, Frontier Airlines serves more than 55 cities in the United States, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, and Cuba on more than 275 daily flights. The carrier recently announced the addition of Puerto Rico to its route map and will launch service to San Juan on June 11, offering nonstop flights from both Philadelphia and Orlando. About PEMCO World Air Services PEMCO World Air Services, an Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services (AMES) company, serves customers from airlines to private operators. Having developed over 70 STCs and modified over 350 aircraft and with conversion partnerships in China, Costa Rica and Canada, PEMCO’s cargo conversion program is the global leader in narrow-body passenger-to-freighter aircraft conversions. PEMCO and AMES, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Air Transport Services Group (NASDAQ:ATSG), offer 320,000 sq. ft. of hangar space in Tampa, Fla. and 315,000 sq. ft. of hangar space in Wilmington, Ohio. Together, they provide a range of services to the aviation sector including heavy maintenance, line maintenance, cargo conversions, engineering services, material sales and manufacturing. Combining the maintenance experience as an Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services company with industry-leading conversion capacity, PEMCO World Air Services is a leading provider of services for Boeing and Airbus fleets. For more information, please visit PEMCOAIR.com or AIRBORNEMX.com. About Air Transport Services Group ATSG is a leading provider of aircraft leasing and air cargo transportation and related services to domestic and foreign air carriers and other companies that outsource their air cargo lift requirements. ATSG, through its leasing and airline subsidiaries, is the world’s largest owner and operator of converted Boeing 767 freighter aircraft. Through its principal subsidiaries, including two airlines with separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates, ATSG provides aircraft leasing, air cargo lift, aircraft maintenance services and airport ground services. ATSG’s subsidiaries include ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions, Inc.; Air Transport International, Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; and Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its division, PEMCO World Air Services, Inc. For more information, please see www.atsginc.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TransMontaigne Partners L.P. Announces $0.015 Increase in Quarterly Distribution Next PostNext Communities First Financial Corporation (CFST: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | Communities First Financial Corporation 1Q17 Profits Increase 19% YOY; Net Interest Margin Expands to 4.06% Search Recent Posts Garda World Security Corporation Commences Cash Tender Offer for its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 Pursuant to the Change of Control Provisions of the Related Indenture Librestream and RealWear Partner on Hands-Free Virtual Presence for Enterprises Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust Announces April 2017 Distribution Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. Announces Adjournment of Unitholder Meeting Garda World Security Corporation Announces Extension of Early Tender Deadline, Increase of Early Tender Payment and Total Consideration… Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St rallies in low volume led by banks, tech By Reuters Published: 16:29 EDT, 17 April 2017 | Updated: 16:29 EDT, 17 April 2017 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, April 17 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&amp;P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson &amp; Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. Stock trading volume was the lightest for a single session so far this year. Stocks rebounded after investors last week sought safe-haven assets due to geopolitical tensions, mainly out of Syria and North Korea. "The market started out on an up note because we went through the weekend without significant global turmoil," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "This is the unwinding (of) the defensiveness with which we went into the long weekend." Tuz said strong bank earnings last week kept the group in investors' favor, and there is support for stocks from expectations that overall earnings for the S&amp;P 500 will be "pretty robust." At the closing bell on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92, the S&amp;P 500 gained 20.06 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq Composite added 51.64 points, or 0.89 percent, to 5,856.79. The technology sector of the S&amp;P 500 closed up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials rose for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. S&amp;P 500 component Netflix, which reported results after the bell, was up 3.0 percent to $147.25 during the regular session but fell 2.1 percent after the bell. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&amp;P 500, up 2.0 percent to $901.99 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.9 percent to $179.02. Incyte Corp tumbled 10.5 percent to $126.07, while Eli Lilly dropped 4.1 percent to $82.38 after the companies said on Friday the U.S. drug regulator declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis from the two partners. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&amp;P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 49 new lows. About 5.31 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS After eight weeks, a dozen suspects and 100s of theories that had millions gripped, the beast of Broadchurch is finally unmasked. JAN MOIR gives her view  'We want to tie the knot on a beach: Ferne McCann discusses MARRIAGE plans with boyfriend Arthur as they pose for their first shoot together Pregnant Katie Price goes underwear free while dolled-up in shock throwback snap taken minutes before daughter Bunny's caesarean birth Baby memories Family getaway! David Beckham holds hands with Harper as he takes his kids for a flight out of LA for Victoria's birthday Rounding up the troops Birthday girl Victoria Beckham is serenaded by the paparazzi in sweet video as she arrives at LAX on her 43rd Spoiled rotten Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Well damn, I was not expecting that!' Final ever episode of Broadchurch leaves viewers breathless as the identity of the serial rapist is revealed at last  Booty-ful and casual! Kim Kardashian shows off her backside in sweats and a T-shirt... from her kimoji line After family filled Easter weekend Barefoot and (no longer) pregnant! Slim Amanda Seyfried kicks off her shoes for casual outing just weeks after welcoming daughter Welcomed first child Pensive Mel B is pictured for the first time since it's claimed she is 'seeking help for emotional abuse' amid bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'He is 100 per cent smitten': Magazine makes bizarre claims Kylie Minogue, 48, has been 'quietly dating' Prince Andrew, 57 after splitting from fiance 'Obsessed with these undies!' Lingerie-clad Iskra Lawrence shows off her famed curves in barely-there nude thong with cleavage boosting bra  'She made an absolute show of herself': Yazmin Oukhellou slams Danielle Armstrong for 'dancing like an animal' as she and James Lock discuss THAT row SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Husband of Countryfile star Ellie who scared herself to show her devotion used to date Holly Willoughby Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend 'Feeling warm and fuzzy' Brad Pitt cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out ahead of filming new 'hostile' space movie Ad Astra  His rugged good looks made him a household name Animal attraction! Blac Chyna wears cheetah print tracksuit as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Pushing the limits of fashion Poppy Delevingne shows off her stunning bikini body as she poses with model Jessica Hart in playful Coachella snap Socialite and model 'I love Delta!' Seal gushes about his The Voice co-star Goodrem amid ongoing romance rumours... after Boy George admitted British star 'fancies' her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her flawless figure in a palm-print bathing suit as she yachts it up for husband José Bastón's birthday Not a Wellard decision! Dean Gaffney delightedly announces EastEnders comeback as Robbie Jackson... 14 years after departing beloved role 'God, I'll be in trouble!': Ollie Locke throws shade at Sam Faiers' baby name... as he reveals he knows what Binky Felstead is planning to call her girl Beaming Jennifer Garner celebrates 45th birthday with friends in Malibu days after filing for divorce from Ben Affleck Girlfriends around her The great sporting dynasty's family name was disgraced when Julius Cowdrey cheated on Ella Willis on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  He's a baby boy Harper Beckham sings Happy Birthday to her mother in heart-warming Instagram clip as she, David and Cruz pay tribute to Victoria on her 43rd Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in smart blazer and matching LBD at premiere of Netflix dramedy Girlboss This Oscar winner is indeed her own girl boss Harry Styles goes beatnik as he meets up with pals in SoHo... while first solo single debuts at number four on US Billboard chart (but with low sales) EXCLUSIVE 'I encouraged him': Sam Faiers' beau Paul Knightley "shares" snap ... days after confession that she CONTROLS his social media  'Photo fail!' Kelly Osbourne and sister-in-law Lisa enjoy a dip in the pool in matching bikinis in sizzling snap... but fans are in hysterics over her 'baby arm' Fadi Fawaz emerges from boyfriend George Michael's £5m mansion amid speculation the late singer's family want to evict him from London home Netflix releases dark teaser for the third and final season of its family drama Bloodline starring Sissy Spacek Sinister and haunting 37-second teaser Bob Harper arrives at Broadway opening of Groundhog Day after recuperating from recent heart attack The actor is lucky to be alive You beauty! Elsa Pataky unveiled as ambassador for L'Oréal Paris hair care in stunning new advertising campaign Chris Hemsworth's wife Emmerdale splits opinion as fans slam Cain Dingle and Harriet Finch's blossoming romance on Twitter... while others claim they make a 'great couple'  'She thinks you're an easy Canadian!' Olivia and Mimi come to blows, Julius has a confession to make and Sam throws a drink at Jamie in Made In Chelsea  Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix parties in the pool on $5M estate following smash Coachella performance Garrix recently defended his pal Justin  CBeebies presenter Andy Day's tight trousers send mums into meltdown as he joins children TV star Mr Tumble as an unlikely sex symbol  Toxic tea, a lethal umbrella... the KGB love a very British murder: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Last Night's TV  Murder mysteries Air Jordyn! Kylie Jenner and favourite sidekick Woods jet out from Coachella on private plane Enjoyed a weekend high on partying Keeping up with North! Kim Kardashian attempts to wrangle camera shy daughter and dotes on Saint at Easter party Feeling a little Peaky Blinder? A sleepy looking Paul Anderson swaps his period costume for hooded top and ripped jeans... as the hit show cast begin shooting fourth series What a bag, lady! Sofia Vergara totes $3800 embroidered Gucci purse as she makes a stunning exit from lunch in Beverly Hills TV's highest paid actress Cool blonde: Naomi Watts is classically stylish in cream dress with Alice collar and flounce sleeves at screening in NYC Feminine frock  Drew Barrymore looks gorgeous as she poses in black gown at star-studded Turtle Ball A cavalcade of showbiz figures paraded across the green carpet  'Channeling Tinkerbell!' Julianne Hough wears sequined gown with top knot for Disney week at Dancing With The Stars Shimmering dress Did therapist's daughter Meghan help Harry to confront his pain? Speculation Prince spoke out on his mental health battles after finding happiness  Meet The Stillers! Funny man Ben takes his wife Christine Taylor and daughter Ella to Groundhog Day opening night on Broadway Family affair SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE:  Eugenie gets promoted - despite all those holidays: Princess is made a director of London art gallery  David Bradley will join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord Will help out 'He found all the eggs!' Wiz Khalifa shares heartwarming snaps of his Easter Sunday with son Sebastian at 'paradise' Airbnb before slaying at Coachella 'Family love': Jessica Simpson kisses husband Eric Johnson in heartwarming portrait of the clan Their little ones are clinging to the parents Back in her lingerie! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in plunging white teddy as she shares behind-the-scenes look from photo shoot Hit Netflix show 13 Reasons Why accused of 'risky' suicide messages and is blamed for a 'growing number of calls' to teenage helplines  TOWIE's Chris Clark parties with Katie Price in wake of Jesy Nelson split... hours after BLASTING 'absurd' reports romance was a 'publicity stunt'  No wonder she was a Bond girl! Jane Seymour, 66, looks unrecognisable in blonde wig and VERY sexy babydoll lingerie to play sex-crazed neighbour  'Weekend escapes': Lara Bingle jets off to Mexico on private plane for a relaxing getaway... after FINALLY revealing name of her newborn son Pretty woman! Shanina Shaik channels Julia Roberts' classic movie character with leather biker hat and fishnet stockings at Coachella Festival chick Working it! Jennifer Hudson is spring ready in florals before changing into black as she does the talk show circuit She is a talented actress and singer  Olivia Munn shows off her fabulous figure on Cosmo cover... after split with Aaron Rodgers They say keeping busy is one of the best ways to get over a break-up Orange crush! Ashley Benson stands out in New York in bright citrus-colored satin suit and nude top The Pretty Little Liars actress, 27, left the long jacket open Bright Bella! Thorne cuts a colorful figure as she teams hot pink T-shirt with green hair Her Freeform show Famous In Love is set to debut on Tuesday Spring is here! Jon Hamm suns his legs in shorts as he enjoys a stroll around his new neighbourhood  Mad Men star was enjoying a stroll in Los Feliz Harry Potter star David Bradley set to join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord Forced to relive it! Groundhog Day star Andy Karl returns despite onstage knee injury for Broadway premiere of musical adaptation Latched! Lena Dunham 'enjoyed wearing fake lactation nipples' for breastfeeding-themed Girls finale The final ever episode aired Sunday night  Mike Shay says he has been 'labelled a druggie' due to Vanderpump Rules... and accuses ex Scheana of prolonging marriage to divorce him on camera Bye, bye! Allison Williams is casual in a sweater and jeans as she totes her luggage day after Girls finale Sunday was the series final of her HBO show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging leopard print bikini as she shares another sexy selfie from her Seychelles getaway She's body confident! Demi Lovato bares her curves as she shares sultry swimsuit picture  She's on a drive to promote body positivity. Twinning! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear cut casual figures in denim and T-shirts as they return from shopping in Sydney's city centre Shirtless Chris Pratt reveals his impressive six-pack in Guardians of the Galaxy 2 teaser His shirtless ripped physique set temperatures rising Charlie Hunnam flexes his muscle on outing with longtime love Morgana McNelis... after spilling details on his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage  Strike a pose! Madonna's adopted twins Esther and Stella playfully try on the singer's wigs as they dress up in fairy outfits for sweet Instagram snap  'Expectation vs Reality!': Susanna Reid teases her fans with a no make-up selfie as she prepares to go back to work on GMB On her day off A very busty Britney! Kate Upton reveals her cleavage in a plunging top as she performs Spears' hit One More Time 'Happy birthday my Spicy sister': Emma Bunton and Mel C share sweet throwback snaps as they pay tribute to Victoria Beckham on her 43rd birthday 'She is a strong girl and she is resilient': Former Home And Away star Samara Weaving becomes latest target of nude photo leak Lovely in layers! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen enjoy coffee break as they rock their unique oversized style Footballer Jamie O'Hara condemns 'sick' acid attack on a London nightclub after revealing his cousin was among the 12 people injured  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her bump in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to fiance Michael O'Neill during family holiday with her three sons in Marbella BGT star groomed for stardom by her parents: Sarah Ikumu started singing at the age of FIVE in a church choir and has entered a string of competitions since Bikini malfunction! Ireland Baldwin falls out of her tiny swimsuit while sunbathing with friend  Busty Baldwin  'It's Jed Sheeran!': Singer Ed mimics Jedward's Irish accent in hilariously unlikely friendship video... after the twins boasted about a future collaboration  'Brave little guy!': Leonardo DiCaprio's ex-girlfriend Kendal Schuler gives birth to her first child Ryka Lee 'on the bathroom floor at home' Why ARE TV wildlife stars all so DOTTY? As Countryfile star admits scarring her arm for life as a love tribute to her partner we round up some of the other bizarre admissions  'We're not married, but this was my offering': Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison PAID to have her arm scarred ten times to show her devotion to her partner Passion in paradise! Heidi Klum, 43, cuddles boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic vacation in Costa Rica Costa Romance  EXCLUSIVE Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes rollerblading in Central Park as he prepares for 58th surgery... an £8,000 eye colour change in India Lottie Moss shows off enviably slender figure and washboard abs in skimpy black bikini as she tops up her tan in LA Caitlyn Jenner reveals she will never have sex with a woman again - but says she may sleep with a man after her gender reassignment surgery Smitten Serena Williams looks delighted as she is swept off her feet by fiance Alexis Ohanian in romantic beach photo All tennis love  Split! Kim Kardashian's close friend La La Anthony separates from NY Knicks basketball star husband Carmelo after seven years of marriage Jersey Shore star 'The Situation' pleads not guilty in latest tax fraud case as he stands accused of claiming luxury car and clothing purchases as 'business expenses' 'Best you've ever looked!': Fans go wild for TOWIE's James 'Arg' Argent and his new slimline look as his rehab stint in Thailand comes to an end Victory lap! Model Brittny Ward puckers up to racing driver boyfriend Jenson Button... before sharing a sizzling snap of her perky posterior Busty Ashley James puts on a seriously eye-popping display in plunging printed bikini top as she soaks up the sun on last day of Coachella Rihanna dons a rhinestone bodysuit and P Diddy supplies a 'TOW-TRUCK full' of Ciroc vodka at star-studded Coachella party  Liam Payne's bikini-clad ex Danielle Peazer just about protects her modesty with ice cream appliques over sheer cups as she sizzles at Coachella  Prince's secret life revealed: New documents show singer's house was littered with pills, police found drug-laden suitcase in his alias 'Peter Bravestrong'  Back to work! Honest Company co-founder Jessica Alba heads to Success Makers Summit in NYC after cutting short her Easter celebration in LA Take your pup to work day! Gigi Hadid carries Zayn Malik's French bulldog as she wears double denim on her way to meeting in NYC The show must go on! Khloe Kardashian poses in her undies as it's announced Revenge Body has been picked up for a second season All-new episodes Dating again? Carmen Electra, 44, is radiant as she hits another Coachella event with Tommy Lee who she romanced nearly 20 years ago 'Still got it!' Victoria Beckham swoons over hunky husband David as she shares shirtless snap of the star showing off his football skills during family weekend Megan McKenna is unrecognisable with toned-down makeup and extension-free locks in 2011 throwback photos before her TOWIE glam-over FIRST LOOK! Lady Gaga rocks out with Bradley Cooper in sneak peek of hotly anticipated remake of The Star Is Born All the greats! Picture perfect family: Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos wear matching pink for sweet Easter outing with their kids 'Sorry Sam Callahan': Euromillions winner Jane Park taunts ex with intimate Snapshat shot next to Scottish reality star Brian Matthews For the love of fashion! Katy Perry nearly drowns in high-necked dress for Vogue... as she reveals she's been seeing a therapist for five years Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL rounds up the weekend's best Coachella outfits posted to social media from stars like Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner and more Body confident Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio wears netted dress over bikini as she holds hands with beau Oliver Ripley at Coachella Sheerly not? Leona Lewis shows off her black lace bra in a see-through mesh top and tiny denim shorts as she hits Coachella Bleeding Love singer Big bag theory! Casual Kaley Cuoco carries huge tote on outing with boyfriend Karl Cook  The couple were spotted out for Easter dinner on Sunday  'It's a strange feeling': Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall confesses he feels 'emotional' as the third and final series of hit show reaches climax Mom's the word! Drew Barrymore is in her element as she picnics in Central Park with daughters Olive and Frankie 'Mummy's little Easter bunny!' Billie Faiers shares sweet snap of newborn son Arthur as she celebrates Easter with her family Happy families Tickled pink! Hilary Duff wears over-the-top shiny frock while filming scenes for TV series Younger Pretty in pink  'It's embarrassing to say the least': Danielle Armstrong 'barred from Essex hotspot' following shock brawl with TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock 'I can still wear it!' Pregnant Binky Felstead flaunts her blooming baby bump in pretty fringed bikini Made In Chelsea beauty is expecting her first child 'He's ready to move on': Ben Affleck has 'moved out of family home and is dating someone else' in the midst of divorce with Jennifer Garner Reese Witherspoon looks radiant as she jets out of LAX after attending Coachella and helping Jennifer Garner celebrate her 45th birthday Expanding their family! Friday Night Lights star Scott Porter reveals wife expecting second baby... after testing positive for Huntington's disease Kate Hudson the boho babe goes braless in flowing frock with a plunging neckline on Easter Sunday Hopping around  'My sweetie!' Katie Holmes wraps arms around daughter Suri Cruise and enjoys a jet ski ride on Easter retreat Ola Jordan flaunts her tan in tiny bikini as she enjoys romantic Maldives break with James... after sharing jaw-dropping throwback snap of the couple Laughing off the breakup! Olivia Munn is in great spirits as she heads to Canada to resume filming on Predator two weeks after Aaron Rodgers split 'I'm more sustainable with my fashion': Anne Hathaway models dress she bought for $15 at a flea market as she says buying vintage helps the planet = Sean Spicer thinks it will be 'good for Saturday Night Live' if Alec Baldwin drops his 'bad and mean' role as President Trump Lily Collins steps out as she reveals 'absolutely epic' message of encouragement from former First Lady Michelle Obama Newly-single Jesy Nelson flashes her abs as she jets back to UK with Perrie Edwards amid claims TOWIE's Chris Clark romance was a 'publicity stunt' Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display as she squeezes her curves into a skimpy bikini during Easter getaway in Italy Beach babe Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly bear a striking resemblance to Laurel and Hardy as they transform into the comedy duo to film biopic Rebekah Vardy shows off her cleavage in a plunging playsuit as she heads to Joe Hart's 30th birthday bash with footballer husband Jamie 'We enjoy jungle sex!': Rapper Ice-T, 59, says he uses 'oil and figure skates' to 'accommodate' wife Coco Austin, 38, between the sheets 'The happiest experience I've ever had on a film': Hollywood star Sam Neill fondly recalls working with late satirist John Clarke on a movie that led to their lifelong friendship Pregnant Bristol Palin proudly shows off her growing baby bump in a tight dress, as her 16-year-old sister Piper poses for prom photos in Alaska Just the two of us! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo hold hands on romantic lunch date without baby Dusty Rose Cute couple Water great figure! Braless Jennifer Aniston flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she poses up a storm for drinks campaign Bringing in the baby wrangler: Terry Richardson shares snap of girlfriend Skinny and Martha Stewart as the unlikely friends spend Easter together  Unsealed search warrants show Prince was struggling with opioid addiction and had been secretly dating a former Voice contestant for two years Sweet Harper Beckham shows off her long Rapunzel locks as she joins her family at Victoria's birthday dinner in Malibu Family time Justin Bieber in the clear over 'head-butting a guest at a pre-Grammys party'... after police drop the investigation 'due to lack of cooperation' Sofia Richie shows off her toned abs in a white bikini top and red boiler suit as she enjoys Coachella day party In Palm Springs over the weekend She's a real daredevil! Tony Hawk's eight-year-old daughter proves she inherited her father's skills as he gives her a skateboarding lesson on their ramp at home Happy Easter from the Wests! Kim Kardashian shares adorable family photo featuring Kanye and children North and Saint Wests and their children Melissa Tkautz hopes to use Real Housewives of Sydney to relaunch her acting career with a role in a new horror film about a giant killer PIG She's back! Ruby Rose will return for season five of Orange Is The New Black after using the Netflix drama to launch her Hollywood career  Barbara Palvin flaunts her cleavage and enviably long legs in a plunging black swimsuit for sizzling snapshot  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Eleanor Calder looks leggy in denim hotpants alongside boyfriend Louis Tomlinson at Coachella... as they put LAX paparazzi scuffle behind them 'Baking some buns': April Love Geary shows off her tanned derriere in a tiny bikini as she enjoys blissful break with boyfriend Robin Thicke in the Maldives That's how it's Dunn! Leggy Jourdan shows off her supermodel shape in two skimpy outfits as she parties up a storm at Coachella   Catwalk strut Sixties style! Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her legs in retro crochet mini dress and cute pigtails as she dresses to impress for another day at Coachella Thom Evans hits Coachella with his shirtless brother Max... amid claims newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh has 'set her sights on' the hunk Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her trim bikini body at Coachella in a purple two-piece... after admitting to threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Kendall Jenner 'attends Coachella pot party with A$AP Rocky' and even shows her support by sporting his goggles... as things heat up between the pair Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage in a plunging silk negligee and stockings as she transforms into a bunny girl for saucy LOVE Easter video FAMILY AFFAIR: Melania and Barron join President Trump at the White House for annual Easter Egg Roll - while Sean Spicer reads to children Keeping fit! Lara Trump shows off her baby bump in a crop top while out on an Easter morning run, before taking her beloved pet dogs to the White House Tiffany Trump brings Democrat boyfriend to celebrate Easter with the president and her family in Florida - while mother Marla Maples spends day in Rome Charlie Hunnam says getting hitched to actress Katharine Towne at age 18 ended in three 'terrible, painful years' of marriage Head over heels  He's been on daddy duties! Beaming Alec Baldwin sports colourful stickers all over his face as he enjoys laid back dog walk with wife Hilaria Touching moment Princess Eleonore of Belgium surprises her father King Philippe with a violin recital as they celebrate their birthdays one day apart Liam Payne renting out £8m LA mansion with meditation teahouse, resort style pool and vineyard for £32k a month as he settles in Sussex with Cheryl Katy Perry flashes her flat stomach in a white side-split maxidress at Coachella... after ex Orlando Bloom was spotted cosying up to a mystery blonde Looking (Coach)Hella good! Rihanna flaunts her enviably lean legs in thigh high boots and quirky denim gown as she parties at music festival Brooklyn Beckham cuts a stylish figure as he cuddles up to glamorous singer Lexy Panterra at Coachella party  Making friends 'She basically coached me': Zoella reveals how Cameron Diaz help her get back to 'a good place' after she became overwhelmed by fame and wanted to quit Celebrities who have faced their own battles with grief praise 'brave' Prince Harry as charities say he is helping to change attitudes Katie Price flashes her tanned and toned pins as she poses in skimpy underwear for sexy selfie... but fans are more concerned with the mess in her kitchen Her breast move! Tove Lo flashes her chest in a crop top as she takes to the stage at Coachella alongside Wiz Khalifa Didn't disappoint with her stage show 'She's so fierce, smart and cool': Emma Watson reveals why she felt a 'connection' to Belle in Beauty And The Beast Saw herself in the role 'It was the scariest moment': Caprice reveals that she was diagnosed with a BRAIN TUMOUR during The Jump and biggest fear was for her sons Popular comic duo accuse BGT's Adam Keeler of 'blatantly copying' their act... as David Walliams lends his support to veteran double act Have Britain's Got Talent mind-reading duo 'conned' viewers? Star act DNA are revealed to be PROFESSIONAL magic consultants who have performed globally Alessandra Ambrosio and her daughter Anja, eight, match in pretty lace dresses as the proud model mum watches her mini me perform at Coachella Kim Kardashian does Easter! Real lambs, fluffy rabbits and TWO Easter bunnies (with Kanye West and John Legend in costume) Eggs-cellent show Cheers to that! Playful Kris Jenner wears bunny ears and a purple power suit as she downs champagne at Kim and Kanye's Easter party  Poppin' bottles Who is the Broadchurch rapist? As viewers await finale, here are the biggest suspects - including the cabbie, the shopkeeper and mechanic's WIFE Janet Jackson 'to reschedule 75 axed shows and pen album about motherhood' as she moves on after split from husband Wissam Al Mana Beach bliss! Heidi Klum showcases incredible bikini body as she gives boyfriend Vito Schnabel a kiss during Costa Rican getaway Bikini babe Olivia Palermo keeps it casual in a cream blouse and ripped skinny jeans as she gets her Easter caffeine fix   Fashion fan 'I didn't think MIC could get any crazier!' Steph Pratt and Toff dish on co-star Binky Felstead's pregnancy as they lament not being able to 'switch off' 'I would love kids': Prince Harry is now taking his personal life seriously after mental health battle and reveals children with Meghan may not be far away Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson 'sentenced to 270 days in LA County jail and five years probation after stabbing a woman during argument in 2015 ' Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon 'stressed out after shock meeting with cheating ex husband MC Harvey at charity benefit' Countryfile presenter Kate Humble, 48, admits she had a 'panic attack' over the thought of having children when she realised being a mother was not for her Egg-cellent effort! Victoria Beckham puts on eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit and bunny mask as she leads the pack of celebs celebrating Easter Magenta-haired Ariel Winter looks besotted with boyfriend Levi Meaden as they pack on the PDA during romantic evening at Coachella Cosying up in a corner Wedding faux pas! Chloe Khan commits fashion fail by wearing all-white as she shows off her slender waist in a crop top alongside gal pal Katie Salmon 'Where's the diversity?' Victoria's Secret provokes fury with its annual 'sexiest' women list - made up of 'young, white and thin' stars Hot mama spice! Geri Horner flaunts her sensational post-baby body in a retro chic one-piece as she enjoys the sun with family in Bahrain 'Her first Easter!' Rob Kardashian posts sweet Instagram snap of baby Dream dressed up in her floral bonnet Gushed over his five-month-old 'The most offensive place!' Drake blasts his exclusive Coachella digs as he accuses staff of 'racial profiling' One of the most exclusive locations  Desert stunner! Nicole Scherzinger wows in VERY revealing black crochet dress at Coachella Worn over a a black bikini-style bra Starry Eyed: Cooing Ellie Goulding can't keep her cool as she BOWS to legendary rapper Diddy and giggles hysterically after running into him in LA 'They're like bunny rabbits!' Joan Crawford rants about Bette Davis' sex life... before losing role to Olivia de Havilland in biographical drama Feud Did she run out of room in her suitcase? Ashley James shows serious sideboob as she goes brafree in crochet dress then sheer pants at Coachella Is Meghan going to defy Pippa's 'no ring, no bring' wedding ban? Actress books time off from filming Suits at the time of the big day A week's holiday in May Pregnant Binky Felstead drapes growing bump in chic Grecian maxi dress while flashing her endless legs through risque splits Party time! Maria Sharapova steps out in slinky black dress with lace accents as she celebrates birthday in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take their kids to Easter church service together... days after officially filing for divorce DS Steve Arnott cheated death. But it was still a disastrous week for AC-12 as they were out-maneuvered by Thandie Newton in Line Of Duty 'Getting a little too thin...': Lucy Mecklenburgh divides fans with her slender figure as she bares her gym-honed stomach in Coachella selfie Tyga who? Newly single Kylie Jenner flaunts bodacious behind in sheer black LBD as she hangs out with Travis Scott at Coachella bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
ATSG Subsidiary PEMCO Wins Three-Year Maintenance Contract with Frontier Airlines April 17, 2017 04:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time WILMINGTON, Ohio--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aviation maintenance and engineering company PEMCO World Air Services (PEMCO), a wholly owned subsidiary of Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATSG), has secured a three-year maintenance agreement with U.S.-based low-cost carrier Frontier Airlines covering Frontier’s expanding fleet, consisting today of more than 60 Airbus A320-family passenger aircraft. “PEMCO has proven to be a first class Airbus maintenance provider and is more than capable of supporting our needs for the foreseeable future,” said Jim Mach, Frontier Airlines’ Director of Maintenance. PEMCO General Manager Pastor Lopez said, “As Frontier continues to expand, we look forward to the opportunity to grow with them. Utilizing our Lean processes, we’ll continue to provide Frontier with award-winning quality and on-time service.” Maintenance services will be performed primarily at PEMCO’s maintenance facilities at the Tampa International Airport. The agreement builds on a relationship with Frontier that started in 2015 with PEMCO’s interior modifications to Frontier’s A319s and A320s, which earned PEMCO the prestigious Tech Ops Business Partner Excellence Award from Frontier. In 2016, Frontier awarded PEMCO a contract for heavy maintenance, drop-in, on-call and away maintenance support for Frontier’s fleet, which now comprises more than 60 Airbus A319, A320, and A321 aircraft, and is expanding via Frontier’s orders for more than 60 additional A320-family aircraft. The new three-year agreement covers heavy checks, induction checks, exit checks, drop-in maintenance, on-call maintenance, and away maintenance, and includes options for extension in two one-year intervals. Chris Johnson, Manager of MRO Sales for PEMCO, said, “This new contract further deepens our partnership with Frontier. It’s a testament to our team and their hard work over the past two years.” Headquartered in Denver, Frontier Airlines serves more than 55 cities in the United States, Mexico, the Dominican Republic, and Cuba on more than 275 daily flights. The carrier recently announced the addition of Puerto Rico to its route map and will launch service to San Juan on June 11, offering nonstop flights from both Philadelphia and Orlando. About PEMCO World Air Services PEMCO World Air Services, an Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services (AMES) company, serves customers from airlines to private operators. Having developed over 70 STCs and modified over 350 aircraft and with conversion partnerships in China, Costa Rica and Canada, PEMCO’s cargo conversion program is the global leader in narrow-body passenger-to-freighter aircraft conversions. PEMCO and AMES, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Air Transport Services Group (NASDAQ:ATSG), offer 320,000 sq. ft. of hangar space in Tampa, Fla. and 315,000 sq. ft. of hangar space in Wilmington, Ohio. Together, they provide a range of services to the aviation sector including heavy maintenance, line maintenance, cargo conversions, engineering services, material sales and manufacturing. Combining the maintenance experience as an Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services company with industry-leading conversion capacity, PEMCO World Air Services is a leading provider of services for Boeing and Airbus fleets. For more information, please visit PEMCOAIR.com or AIRBORNEMX.com. About Air Transport Services Group ATSG is a leading provider of aircraft leasing and air cargo transportation and related services to domestic and foreign air carriers and other companies that outsource their air cargo lift requirements. ATSG, through its leasing and airline subsidiaries, is the world's largest owner and operator of converted Boeing 767 freighter aircraft. Through its principal subsidiaries, including two airlines with separate and distinct U.S. FAA Part 121 Air Carrier certificates, ATSG provides aircraft leasing, air cargo lift, aircraft maintenance services and airport ground services. ATSG's subsidiaries include ABX Air, Inc.; Airborne Global Solutions, Inc.; Air Transport International, Inc.; Cargo Aircraft Management, Inc.; and Airborne Maintenance and Engineering Services, Inc., including its division, PEMCO World Air Services, Inc. For more information, please see www.atsginc.com. Contacts PEMCO World Air Services David Gray, Marketing Manager, 813-322-9600 x 9507 david.gray@pemcoair.com Contacts PEMCO World Air Services David Gray, Marketing Manager, 813-322-9600 x 9507 david.gray@pemcoair.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Around the Traps Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Around the Traps . World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar Margreet Dietz Tuesday April 18, 2017 Share Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets Play NBR radio on The latest US quarterly earnings are firmly in focus in another shortened trading week. US companies reporting this week include Netflix, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and IBM. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4% in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Reuters. Wall Street moved higher, rebounding as geopolitical tensions eased. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 183.67 or 0.9% to 20,636.92 and the Nasdaq Composite Index also added 0.9% to 5856.79. The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index closed 0.9% to 2349.01.  "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in favour of this market at least in the near-term," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. Underpinning gains were solid economic data from China, showing better than expected growth in the country's gross domestic product, retail sales, and industrial output. "Emerging markets will benefit from this strength in Chinese growth firstly through commodities demand and support for commodity prices," Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore, told Bloomberg. "Second, the whole Asian manufacturing supply chain will get a boost from stronger Chinese growth." In the US, advances in shares of Nike and those of Boeing, up 1.6% and 1.4% respectively, led the Dow higher.  Oil price falls Shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil bucked the trend, down 0.3% and 0.1% respectively for the only stocks declining in the Dow. The energy producers declined with the price of oil. US crude oil fell 1% to $US52.65 a barrel. The yield on the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note touched a five-month low before recovering to 2.248%, up from 2.237% on Thursday. US Federal Reserve officials scheduled to speak this week include Esther George on Tuesday, Eric Rosengren on Wednesday, Jerome Powell on Thursday, and Neel Kashkari on Friday. Their comments will be closely watched for any clues on the timing of the next interest rate hike and plans for trimming the Fed's balance sheet. The latest US economic data slated for release include housing starts and industrial production, due Tuesday; the Fed's Beige Book, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, the Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey and leading indicators, due Thursday; as well as the PMI composite, and existing home sales, due Friday. Investors will also eye the annual spring meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, which start on Friday in Washington. Markets in Europe were closed for the Easter holiday on Monday. Here, the key economic data scheduled for release this week include the eurozone trade balance and consumer price index, due Wednesday; German producer price index, and eurozone consumer confidence, due Thursday; and eurozone manufacturing and services PMIs, as well as the current account, due Friday. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: US bank stocks drop in pre-earning season jitters Thu 13 Apr 17 While you were sleeping: Stocks ease, bond prices rise as world events dominate Wed 12 Apr 17 While you were sleeping: US stocks steady ahead of reporting season Tue 11 Apr 17 World Week Ahead: US earnings season Mon 10 Apr 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7024 0.0011 0.16% AUD 0.9257 0.0007 0.08% EUR 0.6614 0.0004 0.06% GBP 0.5602 0.0005 0.09% HKD 5.4598 0.0086 0.16% JPY 76.1000 0.1310 0.17% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1291.9 1.240 2017-04-17T00: Oil Brent 55.9 -0.500 2017-04-17T00: Oil Nymex 53.1 -0.560 2017-04-17T00: Silver Index 18.5 0.000 2017-04-17T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7229.8 7256.8 7229.8 0.05% NASDAQ 5821.6 5856.8 5805.1 0.89% DAX 12137.6 12147.7 12154.7 -0.38% DJI 20484.8 20644.4 20453.2 0.90% FTSE 7349.0 7349.0 7349.0 -0.29% HKSE 24268.2 24276.3 24261.7 -0.90% NI225 18497.4 18547.5 18355.3 0.35% ASX 5889.9 5889.9 5889.9 -0.90% Most Popular Read MARKET CLOSE: NZ stocks inch higher as yield comes back into play, Trustpower gains Max Harris replies: Being upfront about our country’s challenges $2b pay equity package for aged care workers confirmed Fletcher break-up talk resurfaces after recent share slump Matrix Capital trims Xero stake, sells to Silicon Valley's TCV Commented Max Harris replies: Being upfront about our country’s challenges Cure for cancer likely just five to seven years away: AUT prof Six brands target children with ‘hidden’ junk food advertising on digital media: prof Editor’s Insight: Water, water, water everywhere – and most of it is good How economics 101 could have prevented United's PR nightmare Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. BusinessNZ CEO Kirk Hope shares his thoughts on an impending government pay equity settlement Westpac's Michael Gordon says increasing European milk production will put downward pressure on New Zealand milk prices NBR's Rob Hosking on what the CPI has in store CIA’s Mike Pompeo blasts Wikileaks as China and Trump relationship brightens, on Trump’s Beltway. The best NBR Radio interviews from the second week of April, with Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson Only available on Previous article How United Airlines broke two golden rules of marketing Allan Hawkins' finance companies lose appeal over misleading borrowers Next article WooHoo eyes further offshore expansion Shoeshine: Airwork’s new Chinese chairman swoops downunder Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> World Week Ahead: US earnings on radar
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Tuesday, April 18, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics AIADMK symbol case LIVE: OPS faction claims merger talks underway, EPS camp denies formal dialogue AIADMK MLAs from both factions hold informal talks on the possibility of party merger AIADMK merger? Here are the OPS and Dinakaran camps' terms and conditions for reunification In Yogi Adityanath's UP, emboldened hardline Hindu youth call the shots on streets Congress govt did not accord land rights to tribals in Union Territories: Narendra Modi Omar Abdullah demands governor's rule in Kashmir, says PDP pushed state into darkness Sports IPL 2017: From Sunil Narine's hitting to Sakshi Dhoni hitting out, 'Free Hit' discusses 2nd week's talking points John Terry's departure from Chelsea will mark the end of an era, far beyond Stamford Bridge IPL 2017: For all its riches, Brett Lee rues paucity of slower bouncers, yorkers in tournament IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab let down by misfiring overseas stars despite Manan Vohra coming of age IPL 2017: Delhi Daredevils erred in dropping Shahbaz Nadeem against Kolkata Knight Riders Monte Carlo Masters: Bernard Tomic's slump deepens, Alexander Zverev cruises into 2nd round India Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha allays fears over mobile tower radiation Zakir Naik's sister tells ED she was 'front' for his firms: All you need to know about Nailah Noorani Language debate: Soon, president, prime minister and Cabinet ministers to deliver speeches in Hindi only Australia abolishes visa programme used largely by Indian workers Triple talaq row: 51 years on, Hamid Dalwai's movement for Muslim women's rights continues China welcomes India to join CPEC, says project has 'no direct link' with Kashmir dispute World Turkey president Recep Tayyip Erdogan fulfils ambition to expand power, but at a cost Donald Trump attacks lead Democrat in Georgia congressional race, calls him 'super liberal' North Korea dares US, says it is ready for 'any mode of war' with Washington US NSA HR McMaster tells Pakistan to use diplomacy, not proxies to engage in Afghanistan Black Hawk Army helicopter crash in Maryland leaves one dead, two injured | Reuters U.S. Defense Secretary Mattis to talk Islamic State, Syria in Middle East | Reuters Business Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha allays fears over mobile tower radiation Air India may penalise pax for delays: How US levies huge fines to avoid misconduct in skies Subrata Roy in trouble: SC order in Sahara case a stern message for other corporate crooks World Bank forecasts Indian economy to grow 7.2% in FY18; GST to have positive impact Jolt to Subrata Roy: SC orders auction of Aamby Valley property; here's all you need to know Organic fertilisers key to higher productivity, but weaning farmers from 'right chemicals' an issue Life DC solar products are lighting up rural India: What's driving the increased demand? Revisiting Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind, one of the most influential books of our times The success of mass market fiction is changing the rules of Indian publishing: Here's how Nasa to broadcast live 360-degree video of rocket launch on 18 April Easter foods are delicious reminders of the significance of this spring festival Easter 2017: Narendra Modi greets people, says we should learn from Jesus Christ's teachings Entertainment After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Prabhas to make Hindi debut with Karan Johar? Raabta title track: Deepika Padukone to groove on rehashed version of Agent Vinod song Will Shraddha Kapoor's turn in Haseena: The Queen of Mumbai prove to be the role of a lifetime? Aamir Khan promotes Dangal, interacts with fans at Beijing International Film Festival ahead of release With Take Off, Parvathy shows why she's a force to reckon with in Indian cinema Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You is trending again: Watch the latest Salman Khan version Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics | Reuters Wall Street rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 18 2017 01:15:05 IST #Reuters By Rodrigo Campos | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares.Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week.S&P 500 component Netflix (NFLX.O), due to report results after the bell, was up 2.6 percent at $146.68."We could exit this earnings season with double-digit growth, and that’s the only data we should care about," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.On Friday, a U.S. market holiday but not a government holiday, data showed U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, pointing to a loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. In later afternoon trading on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 169.82 points, or 0.83 percent, to 20,623.07, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 18.74 points, or 0.80 percent, to 2,347.69 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 47.04 points, or 0.81 percent, to 5,852.19.The technology sector of the S&P 500 .SPRLCT was on track to close up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials could end up for the second time in the same period.Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling.U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Amazon (AMZN.O) was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 1.9 percent to $901.48 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing (BA.N), sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.8 percent to $178.77.Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.99-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 46 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 18, 2017 01:15 am | Updated Date: Apr 18, 2017 01:15 am Also See Pirates hijack Indian vessel off coast of Somalia | Reuters As Israeli settlement growth slows, some drift away | Reuters Another train derails at New York's Penn Station, one injured | Reuters Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 18 GL Vs RCB 2 Apr 19 SRH Vs DD 3 Apr 20 KXIP Vs MI 4 Apr 21 KKR Vs GL 5 Apr 22 RPS Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Yogi Adityanath's portrayal of women: Congress lambasts BJP over UP CM’s article, demands apology Booked for Bribe, Dinakaran Finds His List of Supporters Thinning Turkey president Recep Tayyip Erdogan fulfils ambition to expand power, but at a cost Kashmir Valley may see Facebook and WhatsApp suspended as govt clamps down on rumour-mongering How to maintain a high credit score? Subrata Roy in trouble: SC order in Sahara case a stern message for other corporate crooks After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Prabhas to make Hindi debut with Karan Johar? IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab let down by misfiring overseas stars despite Manan Vohra coming of age Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs GUJ Mumbai Indians beat Gujarat Lions by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs PUN Delhi Daredevils beat Kings XI Punjab by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs HYD Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 17 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 30 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs BLR - Apr 18th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs DEL - Apr 19th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs HYD - Apr 22nd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs DEL - Apr 22nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Global Agriculture Drone Market to Register $2,978.69 Mn Growth by 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/17/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Agriculture Drone Market (Fixed Wing, Rotary Blade, Hybrid, Data Management, Imaging Software, and Data Analysis) for Field mapping, Variable Rate Application (VRA), Crop Scouting, Crop Spraying, Livestock, Agriculture Photography and Other Applications: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Segment, Trends and Forecast, 2015 – 2021″. According to the report, global agriculture drone market was valued at around USD 673.79 Million in 2015 and is expected to reach approximately USD 2,978.69 Million by 2021, growing at a CAGR of slightly above 28.11% between 2016 and 2021. Drones help farmer for better care of their crops and have a higher yield from the farm. Drones are used for crops and to keep an eye on livestock as well. The drones use a number of technology including infrared cameras, sensors, GPS, software and hardware application to help farmers to monitor and take better care of their crops. Drones may drastically cut the costs of crops monitoring and control water wastage also. Due to such benefits, agricultural drones are gaining popularity across the globe. Request Free Sample Research Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/agriculture-drone-market Increasing automation in the agriculture process owing to the labor crisis such as lack of skilled farmers and aging farmers are also expected to have the positive impact on the agriculture drone market growth. A favorable shift in the regulatory policy is also expected to allow start-ups to operate in small and large farming operations and aid in disease & water management. Increasing technological advancements in equipment and need for enhancing the quality of the farming techniques have led increased implementation of agriculture drones are expected to drive the industry growth over the forecast period. Further, innovations in the GPS mapping field coupled with the advancements of solar power drone in agriculture sector is further fuelling the demand for agricultural drones. Drones have the potential to implement better plantation with crop rotation strategies and give crucial inputs related to the daily progress of crops which is further contributing to the market growth. Nonetheless, companies operating in drone software designing and manufacturing systems are collecting the data and incorporating them into drone which is further expected to surging the demand for agricultural drones. The data gathered from drones help the farmers to improve yields by monitoring fertilizer, or chemical supply water, and also able to map their fields, check for signs of disease, monitor crop health, and save time in the process. However, lack of trained pilots for operating the drones may impact the market growth. Agriculture drone market is segmented by type, component, application and region. In term of type, agriculture drone market classified into the Fixed wing, Rotary blade, Hybrid, Data management, Imaging software, Data analysis Others. Component wise agriculture drone market is bifurcated into controller system, propulsion systems, camera systems, the navigation system, batteries and others. Based on application, global agriculture drone market is segmented into field mapping, variable rate application (VRA), crop scouting, crop spraying, livestock, agriculture photography and others. Some of the key players in the agriculture drone market include GoPro, Google, Boeing DJI, Trimble Navigation Ltd., DroneDeploy, AgEagle LLC, AeroVironment, Inc., Agribotix LLC, AutoCopter Corp., 3DR, HoneyComb Corp., Parrot SA and Yamaha Motor. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/agriculture-drone-market The report segment of global agriculture drone market as follows: Global Agriculture Drone Market: Type Segment Analysis Hardware Fixed wing Rotary blade Hybrid Software Data management Imaging software Data analysis Other Global Agriculture Drone Market: Component Segment Analysis Controller system Propulsion systems Camera systems Navigation System Batteries others Global Agriculture Drone Market: Application Segment Analysis Field mapping Variable rate application (VRA) Crop scouting Crop spraying Livestock Agriculture photography Others Global Agriculture Drone Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East & Africa Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/agriculture-drone-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious N Butanol Market to Partake Significant Development During 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Oil Derrick Market Size 2017, Forecast 2025 Production, Supply, Sales and Demand Search Recent Posts Steam Mops Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Somalia: UN, global partners commend creation of National Security Council How life changed in one moment for this Marine World Wearable Payment Market CAGR of 59.44% during 2016-2020: Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast to 2020 Greystone Logistics, Inc. Reports Results of Operations for the Periods Ended February 28, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
  Tuesday, April 18, 2017   Read in Myanmar | Subscribe Now Myanmar Times Home National News Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay & Upper Myanmar In Brief Business Technology Property News Pulse Dining Travel What's On Fiction Chronicles of Bei Ka Street A Study in Saffron A Scent of Scandal The Pickled Blend The Mystery of the Silver Spoon The Adventure of the Devil’s Toyshop The Adventure of the Great Bell of Magwe Lady Don't Fall Backwards Sports Myanmar Open Golf Martial Arts Opinion In Depth Special Features Thingyan 2017 EduCentre Food & Entertainment Christmas & New Year's 2016 Travel Myanmar 2016 Banking & Finance 2016 IT & Telecommunications Food & Drink Weddings 2016 Healthy Living 2016 IT & Electronics Health Election 2015 In Pictures Panglong By-Election Jobs Immigration reform will benefit US, Asia By Curtis S Chin   |   Monday, 28 April 2014 Tweet The Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor might in Emma Lazarus’s famous poem once have welcomed “your tired, your poor, your huddled masses [and] the wretched refuse” but that would not be for the AEC, or ASEAN Economic Community. A coalition of New York area groups rallies to call on Congress to move on immigration reform in New York on April 10. Photo: AFP Labour mobility under the AEC will be limited as each nation understandably negotiates for measures that work to what they consider to be to their own advantage. There are also anti-immigration messages and stereotypes voiced in Thailand of the Lao or the Myanmar, or in Singapore of Indonesians and Malay, that find echoes in the unfortunate language of a divided Washington of today. For numerous countries in the Asia-Pacific region, immigration remains a contentious issue. Consider Australia’s controversial efforts to intercept at sea a new generation of “boat people” fleeing impoverished, strife-torn nations. Or reflect on Japan’s own much-documented immigration laws effectively barring many ethnic Koreans from becoming citizens despite years of living, and indeed being born, in that country. Even in my own country, the United States – a nation known as a land of immigrants and their descendants – the debate rages on. President Barack Obama, who is currently on a visit to Asia, and his predecessor George W Bush have been unable to move a recalcitrant Congress, split between Republicans and Democrats, to act. As I have argued, however, there is at least one area where all US political parties should be able to come together for some meaningful, near-term action. That is focusing on the untapped potential of the many skilled men and women who have already come to the US through legal channels. Unfortunately, this issue has generally been overlooked amid the focus on the flow of unauthorised, low-skilled immigrants into the US – the vast majority of them from south of the US border, but also including numerous unskilled immigrants from Asia and elsewhere. The language of immigration today is also increasingly politicised, adding little to a constructive discussion: illegal vs undocumented. Amnesty vs a path to citizenship. Yet, this larger, ongoing US debate – admittedly an important one – on immigration should not stand in the way of making smaller-scale updates to what has been the traditional path forward for many seeking the American dream. For skilled immigrants who were doctors, lawyers or other professionals in their countries of origin, first jobs in the United States typically take little to no advantage of their full skill-set given licensing or accreditation requirements. The anecdotes are legion and legend: the taxi driver from India who was once an engineer, or the nanny from the Philippines who had long worked as a nurse back home. The story is as old as America. Immigrants sacrifice, and ultimately succeed in building better lives for their children, if not yet themselves. That was certainly the story shared among many in my own family as some 120 people, descendants of Chinese immigrants of many decades past, came together last August in Seattle for our first family reunion. And like many a Pacific Northwest family, the occupations and preoccupations were varied, from a Seattle public school teacher to a Boeing engineer and my own recent service as one of the few US ambassadors of Chinese heritage. Many in our extended family gathered again earlier this year in Yakima, Washington, to remember and celebrate the life of a great aunt, Jade Hong Chin, who recently passed away. She immigrated to the US in 1947 to be united with her husband Calvin after WWII had separated them. Her and other tales of immigrant life, of separation and of coming together, and of becoming American will not change. They will be echoed in future tales of others. But what could well change, with bipartisan support in Washington, is support for an effort focusing first on immigrant integration, separate and distinct from the contentious issue of immigrant admissions. Today, America again has the opportunity to mend a broken system and set an example for Asia-Pacific nations that are also struggling with how best to welcome strangers to their shores and perhaps one day to turn them into new citizens. In his remarks during his trip to Asia, Obama may well choose to acknowledge the contributions of the many Americans – or their ancestors – who once called Korea, Japan, the Philippines, Malaysia or somewhere else in the region home. An even better tribute would include the US president and Congress putting politics aside and focusing first on ensuring skilled immigrants can fully utilise their talents and education toward building an even stronger America. This might be a small step forward but it can help build trust that will be critical for a larger deal. High-skilled immigration reform also will be to the near-term benefit of the US and its economy, as well as the many Asians seeking legally to build better lives there, and also provide a shining example to Asia – and to the nations of the AEC – that progress can still be made even on the most difficult issues. Curtis S Chin, a former US ambassador to the Asian Development Bank under presidents Barack Obama and George W Bush from 2007 to 2010, is managing director of advisory firm RiverPeak Group. Follow him on Twitter at @CurtisSChin. Most Read - Opinion Host nations can help make immigrants a powerful engine for growth China: a hidden danger in the reform process Obama’s Asian pivot faces uncertain fate Migration – a journey we take together Editorial: Time to scrap public service media law Trump would jail Clinton? There’s a name for that Do you ‘like’ the Tatmadaw? Myanmar must avoid resource curse Myanmar’s economic future: South Korea or Nigeria? Fighting Zika virus means smart public health practices Most Read - In Depth Sex workers struggle in Mandalay Kachin conflict grinds on for 50,000 displaced Life in the dumps An opportunity beckons after violence in Rakhine Government keeps muzzle on broadcasters In internet age, a soldier takes up a new fight Doubts over log export ban Health budget up but challenges remain Decades-old federalism debate enters new phase Yangon fire chief ‘proud’ of crews Copyright © 2017 The Myanmar Times. All rights reserved. Home National News Business The Pulse Sports Opinion In Depth Special Features In Pictures Nay Pyi Taw Yangon Mandalay and Upper Myanmar Property News Technology What's On Travel Dining About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Subscriptions Facebook Twitter Work With Us
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Genes in Space Student Experiment Launches to International Space Station Research could uncover new information about accelerated aging in space News provided by miniPCR Apr 17, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, Fla., April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Julian Rubinfien (16), winner of the Genes in Space competition and a junior at Stuyvesant High School, NY, will launch his DNA experiments to the International Space Station (ISS) on April 18th from Kennedy Space Center, Fla, on cargo resupply mission OA-7. The experiments will be carried out using miniPCR™ technology aboard the ISS. Julian's experiments investigate the genetic underpinnings of accelerated aging in space. The first experiment will test if telomeric DNA can be copied in space. Telomeres are protective caps on the ends of chromosomes and are known to shorten in response to stress and aging. Recently, the NASA one-year mission twin study found that Astronaut Scott Kelly's telomeres lengthened during his year in space. Julian's experiment will examine how measuring telomeres in space could enable health monitoring of astronauts during long-term missions.          The second experiment will test whether or not "on-the-spot" DNA-based diagnostic tests can be conducted on the ISS and will be the first of its kind in space. The work will make use of a new colorimetric LAMP (loop-mediated isothermal amplification) method from New England Biolabs®  to copy and detect specific DNA sequences. Detection of these sequences results in a change in the color of the experimental mixture. Both experiments will use portable miniPCR™ DNA analysis technology. The ISS National Lab is a platform for cutting edge research and technology development that enables future deep space exploration. Julian was a student of MƒA Master Teacher Jessica Quenzer, who served as his mentor throughout the Genes in Space application process. About Genes in Space Genes in Space is a national STEM contest that challenges students in grades seven through 12 to design DNA analysis experiments using the ISS National Lab (managed by the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space, or CASIS.) The competition is a partnership between miniPCR, Math for America, CASIS, New England Biolabs®, Inc, Boeing and is sponsored by FedEx. The U.S. competition is accepting student research projects for 2017. Submissions are due April 25th. Learn more at www.GenesInSpace.org.  Media contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727  Math for America: Scott Woodson, woodson@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0944 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O'Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/genes-in-space-student-experiment-launches-to-international-space-station-300439702.html SOURCE miniPCR Related Links http://minipcr.com Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ET Preview: Genes in Space Competition Launches My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ETGenes in Space Competition Launches Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Aerospace & Defense Education Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Genes in Space Student Experiment Launches to International Space Station News provided by miniPCR Apr 17, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil dips, trade thin as some cash in after three weeks of gains Business Standard Wall Street rises with earnings in spotlight Reuters  April 17, 2017 Last Updated at 22:46 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUxhfV ALSO READ Wall Street edges down as healthcare stocks hit by budget plan Wall Street eases off record highs as health stocks weigh Wall Street loses ground as tech stocks weigh Wall Street drops with pharma stocks as Trump blasts drug prices Wall Street Week Ahead - Second wind for stocks as earnings turn positive By Yashaswini Swamynathan REUTERS - U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term." At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days. Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell. The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Stocks | Wall Street | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wall Street rises with earnings in spotlight REUTERS - U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. By Yashaswini Swamynathan REUTERS - U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term." At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days. Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell. The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall Street rises with earnings in spotlight By Yashaswini Swamynathan REUTERS - U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term." At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days. Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell. The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Tuesday, April 18, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics AIADMK symbol case LIVE: OPS faction claims merger talks underway, EPS camp denies formal dialogue AIADMK MLAs from both factions hold informal talks on the possibility of party merger AIADMK merger? Here are the OPS and Dinakaran camps' terms and conditions for reunification In Yogi Adityanath's UP, emboldened hardline Hindu youth call the shots on streets Congress govt did not accord land rights to tribals in Union Territories: Narendra Modi Omar Abdullah demands governor's rule in Kashmir, says PDP pushed state into darkness Sports IPL 2017: From Sunil Narine's hitting to Sakshi Dhoni hitting out, 'Free Hit' discusses 2nd week's talking points John Terry's departure from Chelsea will mark the end of an era, far beyond Stamford Bridge IPL 2017: For all its riches, Brett Lee rues paucity of slower bouncers, yorkers in tournament IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab let down by misfiring overseas stars despite Manan Vohra coming of age IPL 2017: Delhi Daredevils erred in dropping Shahbaz Nadeem against Kolkata Knight Riders Monte Carlo Masters: Bernard Tomic's slump deepens, Alexander Zverev cruises into 2nd round India Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha allays fears over mobile tower radiation Zakir Naik's sister tells ED she was 'front' for his firms: All you need to know about Nailah Noorani Language debate: Soon, president, prime minister and Cabinet ministers to deliver speeches in Hindi only Australia abolishes visa programme used largely by Indian workers Triple talaq row: 51 years on, Hamid Dalwai's movement for Muslim women's rights continues China welcomes India to join CPEC, says project has 'no direct link' with Kashmir dispute World Turkey president Recep Tayyip Erdogan fulfils ambition to expand power, but at a cost Donald Trump attacks lead Democrat in Georgia congressional race, calls him 'super liberal' North Korea dares US, says it is ready for 'any mode of war' with Washington US NSA HR McMaster tells Pakistan to use diplomacy, not proxies to engage in Afghanistan Black Hawk Army helicopter crash in Maryland leaves one dead, two injured | Reuters U.S. Defense Secretary Mattis to talk Islamic State, Syria in Middle East | Reuters Business Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha allays fears over mobile tower radiation Air India may penalise pax for delays: How US levies huge fines to avoid misconduct in skies Subrata Roy in trouble: SC order in Sahara case a stern message for other corporate crooks World Bank forecasts Indian economy to grow 7.2% in FY18; GST to have positive impact Jolt to Subrata Roy: SC orders auction of Aamby Valley property; here's all you need to know Organic fertilisers key to higher productivity, but weaning farmers from 'right chemicals' an issue Life DC solar products are lighting up rural India: What's driving the increased demand? Revisiting Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind, one of the most influential books of our times The success of mass market fiction is changing the rules of Indian publishing: Here's how Nasa to broadcast live 360-degree video of rocket launch on 18 April Easter foods are delicious reminders of the significance of this spring festival Easter 2017: Narendra Modi greets people, says we should learn from Jesus Christ's teachings Entertainment After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Prabhas to make Hindi debut with Karan Johar? Raabta title track: Deepika Padukone to groove on rehashed version of Agent Vinod song Will Shraddha Kapoor's turn in Haseena: The Queen of Mumbai prove to be the role of a lifetime? Aamir Khan promotes Dangal, interacts with fans at Beijing International Film Festival ahead of release With Take Off, Parvathy shows why she's a force to reckon with in Indian cinema Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You is trending again: Watch the latest Salman Khan version Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street rises with earnings in spotlight | Reuters Wall Street rises with earnings in spotlight | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 17 2017 23:30:10 IST #Reuters By Yashaswini Swamynathan U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally.Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term."At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days.Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell.The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 17, 2017 11:30 pm | Updated Date: Apr 17, 2017 11:30 pm Also See Pirates hijack Indian vessel off coast of Somalia | Reuters As Israeli settlement growth slows, some drift away | Reuters Another train derails at New York's Penn Station, one injured | Reuters Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 18 GL Vs RCB 2 Apr 19 SRH Vs DD 3 Apr 20 KXIP Vs MI 4 Apr 21 KKR Vs GL 5 Apr 22 RPS Vs SRH Full Schedule Top Stories Yogi Adityanath's portrayal of women: Congress lambasts BJP over UP CM’s article, demands apology Booked for Bribe, Dinakaran Finds His List of Supporters Thinning Turkey president Recep Tayyip Erdogan fulfils ambition to expand power, but at a cost Kashmir Valley may see Facebook and WhatsApp suspended as govt clamps down on rumour-mongering How to maintain a high credit score? Subrata Roy in trouble: SC order in Sahara case a stern message for other corporate crooks After Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, Prabhas to make Hindi debut with Karan Johar? IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab let down by misfiring overseas stars despite Manan Vohra coming of age Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs GUJ Mumbai Indians beat Gujarat Lions by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs PUN Delhi Daredevils beat Kings XI Punjab by 51 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs HYD Kolkata Knight Riders beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 17 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 30 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs BLR - Apr 18th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs DEL - Apr 19th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs HYD - Apr 22nd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs DEL - Apr 22nd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Trump Says He Likes Janet Yellen and Supports the Export-Import Bank The Associated Press/ Evan Vucci by John Carney13 Apr 20170 13 Apr, 2017 13 Apr, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER President Donald Trump reversed himself Wednesday on the leadership of the Federal Reserve and the fate of the U.S. Export-Import Bank. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Trump said that was open to the possibility of renominating Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen once her current term of office expires next year. During the campaign he was critical of Yellen, describing her as “political” for keeping rates low, and said that he “most likely” would replace her as Fed chief. “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said.  He added that “it’s very early.” When asked if Yellen was “toast,” the president said, “No. Not toast.” This has caught many on Wall Street and Capitol Hill by surprise, overturning the near universal expectation that Trump would pick a new head for the central bank. The possibility that Trump may support the status quo at the Fed has some supporters scratching their heads. On Wall Street, this is widely viewed as the result of the influence of Gary Cohn and other financiers on the president. “I think we’re seeing the influence of guys like Gary Cohn, Steven Mnuchin and Steve Schwarzman. They probably explained that markets want him to show he’s open-minded about the Fed and favors a dovish stance,” said one investment banker, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “Dovish” is Wall Street lingo for leaning toward keeping interest rates lower. “I do like a low-interest rate policy, I must be honest with you,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal in response to questions about Yellen. Cohn is Trump’s chief economic adviser and holds the position of director of the National Economic Council. A lifelong Democrat, Cohn was the number 2 man in charge of Goldman Sachs until he left to join the Trump administration. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin is also a Goldman alum and has close ties to Wall Street. Schwarzman is a long-time friend of Trump’s and the co-founder of the Blackstone Group, a deep-pocketed Wall Street private equity firm. He reportedly speaks to Trump by phone several times a week and was recently seated beside Trump at a White House gathering of corporate chiefs. Trump also said he no longer opposes the Ex-Im bank, which he accused of “feather-bedding” and called unnecessary during the campaign. “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal. Around 40 percent of Ex-Im money is used to subsidize exports from Boeing. Less than 20 percent goes directly to small businesses. The language Trump used, referring to small businesses as ‘vendors’ indicates the influence of big businesses that benefit from Ex-Im subsidies. They have long argued that they pass along subsidies to smaller businesses that manufacture parts for their exports, a trickle-down theory of subsidies. “Ex-Im doesn’t help the economy. It doesn’t drain the swamp,” writes long-time Ex-Im critic Tim Carney at the Washington Examiner. Jeff Immelt, the chief executive of General Electric, applauded Trump’s change of heart on Ex-Im. By supporting the Export Import Bank @POTUS is showing great leadership and focusing on creating jobs for American manufacturers. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) April 13, 2017   Disclosure: Tim Carney is my brother.   Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Donald Trump, Export Import Bank, Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Trump: Presidents Obama, Clinton Were ‘Outplayed’ by North Korea0 comments - 9 hours ago Report: AG Jeff Sessions Enacts Comprehensive Reform at Justice Department0 comments - 5 hours ago Donald Trump Plans Visit to Paul Ryan’s District During Speaker’s Europe Trip0 comments - 12 hours ago Wall Street Banker Gary Cohn moving Trump Toward Moderate Policies0 comments - 1 day ago Good Friday: Obamas Join Winfrey, Springsteen, Hanks on David Geffen’s Yacht0 comments - 16 hours ago Trump’s Resolve Will Be Tested in Wisconsin0 comments - 7 hours ago Conservative Watchdog Group Requests Investigation Into Top House Intel Democrats0 comments - 13 hours ago Mayhem in Berkeley: Trump Supporters, Counter-Protesters Clash During Rally0 comments - 2 days ago How Federal Agencies Keep Americans in the Dark About Crime Statistics0 comments - 2 days ago Dianne Feinstein Heckled at Town Hall for Not Being Left-Wing Enough0 comments - 5 hours ago Vonni's Revenge Martin Durkin Gun Control Empowers Evil People FROM THE HOMEPAGE Trump’s Resolve Will Be Tested in Wisconsin0 Comments WSJ: Trump Expected to Bolster ‘Buy American’ and ‘Hire American’ Directives0 Comments Heavy Funding for Dem Jon Ossoff Catches Republicans Flat-Footed in Georgia Special Election0 Comments Tom Perez and Bernie Sanders Kick Off Nationwide Progressive Tour in Maine0 Comments Report: AG Jeff Sessions Enacts Comprehensive Reform at Justice Department0 Comments North Korean Soldiers Face Death Penalty for Mocking Kim Jong-Un0 Comments Breitbart News Daily: Georgia Special Election0 Comments Donald Trump Plans Visit to Paul Ryan’s District During Speaker’s Europe Trip0 Comments Trump Official: Paul Ryan’s ‘Schedule Did Not Mesh’ with President’s Trip to Paul’s Wisconsin District0 Comments Dianne Feinstein Heckled at Town Hall for Not Being Left-Wing Enough0 Comments GABRIEL: The Muslim Brotherhood: Know Thy Enemy0 Comments Islamists Celebrate Erdogan’s Victory In Referendum For Expanded Powers0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Information Warfare Tech Media Update April 17, 2017April 17, 2017 Joel Harding Anonymous expert compilation, analysis, and reporting. </end editorial> Chinese hypersonics are most interesting. Shkval replacement interesting. S-500 essay verges on the silly – TNI explainers seem to verge on fake news these days. Iranian fighter is worth a chuckle or two. The article on Russian intent to shoot subkiloton 152mm nukes from Armata MBT barrels, and the Kinetic Energy Projectile program are very interesting indeed. China Takes Wraps Off National Hypersonic Plan | Technology content from Aviation Week China’s first international hypersonics conference in Xiamen amounted to a coming-out party for the nation’s swift progress in high-speed flight research. China Reveals Key Test Progress On Hypersonic Combined-Cycle Engine | Technology content from Aviation Week Could China’s hypersonic combined-cycle engine be the first to fly? Russia Has a Crazy Fast Torpedo That Seems Unstoppable | The National Interest BlogOr is it? S-500: Russia’s Super Weapon That Could Kill the B-2, F-22, or F-35? | The National Interest Blog Stealth killer?  Russia unveils Arctic air defence systems | IHS Jane’s 360 Russia has displayed versions of the KBP Instrument Design Bureau Pantsyr-S1 and Almaz-Antey Tor-M2 air defence systems integrated onto Vityaz DT-30-series all-terrain tracked carriers (ATTCs) optimized for Arctic operations. The systems were first seen in footage of a rehearsal for Russia’s 9 May India’s Su-30MKI fighter jets has been fitted secondhand engines | Defence Blog Iran conducting tests of Qaher-313 to prepare for the first flight | Defence Blog Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani attended a ceremony on the preparation of the flight of the Qaher-313 single-seat stealth fighter jet. The Iranian fighter jet Qaher-313 was unveiled in February 2013. The single-seat stealth fighter jet can take off and land on short runways. Early, Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan announced that the Qaher 313 single-seat stealth fighter jet almost ready. Hossein Dehqan claimed on Sunday that his country had entered the final stage of the production of a home-made fighter jet known as the Qaher 313 fighter jet, adding that the plane is ready for different tests. The Qaher 313 (also named F-313) is a newest Iranian fighter jet that was publicly announced on 1 February 2013. According to Iranian government sources, the F-313 Qaher was designed and is indigenously produced in Iran by the Iran Aviation Industries Organization (IAIO), a division of the Ministry of Defense, and IRIAF. The project manager is Hassan Parvaneh. Eurofighter Typhoon Technical Briefing At LIMA 2017 BAE Systems’ Aircrew adviser and Eurofighter Typhoon pilot, Paul Smith demonstrated the new Copter-E radar at the Langkawi International Maritime and Aerospace Exhibition (LIMA) 2017. The Captor-E Active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar being developed by the Euroradar consortium. It is a next-generation mechanical multi-mode pulse Doppler radar designed for the Eurofighter Typhoon. The new generation of radar is intended to replace the mechanically steered antennas and high-power transmitters used on current Eurofighter aircraft with an electronically steered array This enables new mission capabilities for combat aircraft such as simultaneous radar functionalities, air surveillance, air-to-ground and weapon control. The new radar improves the effective air-to-air missile range of the aircraft and allows for faster and more accurate detection and tracking of multiple aircraft with lower life cycle costs. In July 2010, it was reported that the Euroradar consortium made a formal offer to provide an AESA solution for the Eurofighter. The consortium plans to retain as much “back-end” equipment as possible while developing the new radar and also stated that the inclusion of an AESA radar was an important in securing orders from foreign nations. An initial series of flight trials with the Air-to-Surface MBDA Brimstone precision strike missile was conducted in July last year.The tests were conducted using UK Typhoon Instrumented Production Aircraft (IPA) 6 and led by BAE Systems with the support of Eurofighter GmbH, MBDA and the UK‘s Ministry of Defence. BAE Systems’ Stiker II digital helmet-mounted display system has integrated night vision cameras and target tracking technology within a fully integrated visor-projected HMD system. Can Unmanned Aircraft Be Effective Wingman? | Technology content from Aviation Week Skunk Works conducts flight tests to show how autonomous technology can enable unmanned aircraft to make manned fighters more effective in hostile environments. Raytheon upgrading missile defense radar Raytheon has been awarded a $10 million contract modification to continue development of GaN technology for missile defense radars. US Army Exploring ‘Devastating’ New Weapon for Use In War with Russia – Defense One The Kinetic Energy Projectile would be a tungsten warhead that moves at three times the speed of sound, destroying anything in its path. U.S. Military Considers New Super-Weapon to Counter Russia’s Nuclear Warheads The Kinetic Energy Projectile launches a tungsten-based missile at Mach 3 that delivers a “devastating” load of hot metal fragments. U.S. Army Could Adopt Kinetic Energy Projectile | AWIN_Defense content from Aviation Week It might not be as devastating as a tactical nuclear weapon, but the U.S. Army believes the Kinetic Energy Projectile could have the same deterrent effect. US Army to Test Powerful New Truck-Mounted Laser ‘Within Months’ – Defense One New solid-state lasers plus ever-more-powerful mobile generators brings directed energy weapons a big step closer to reality. US M1 Abrams tanks in Europe receives new green foliage camouflage | Defence Blog Sikorsky – Boeing Future Vertical Lift: The Way Forward – YouTube Sikorsky – Boeing Future Vertical Lift is a scalable design based on proven X2 Technology™. Designed for long range, high speed, superior hover performance a… The Aviationist » Poland Eyes Procurement of Maritime Patrol and Reconnaissance/SIGINT Aircraft. Australia selects NASAMS air-defence system | Defence Blog Indonesia’s military expected to unveil Apache attack helicopters during a 5 October parade | Defence Blog Air Force eyes passive surveillance to track aircraft using only the RF signals they emit – Intelligent Aerospace WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio – U.S. Air Force researchers are ready to ask industry for passive surveillance techniques to identify, pinpoint, and track aircraft, land vehicles, and surface ships using only the RF signals they emit. Air Force plans to use high-powered electromagnets for cyber ops – Fifth Domain | Cyber Fifth Domain is a news and information resource that brings civilian, defense, industry, private sector and critical infrastructure stakeholders together in one place for a holistic discussion on cybersecurity, both defense and offense. The cyberwar is here. Fifth Domain has it covered. Drones ‘a critical component’ for Marine electronic warfare tactics In the recently published 2017 Aviation Plan, the Marines note that UAS will be a planned critical component of the Marine Air Ground Task Force EW concept. Pentagon tech advisers target how the military digests data Technology advisory group says DoD needs to store data in new ways. Air Force satellites will use 3-D printed partsThe 3-D part was made using a process in which a laser melts and fuses aluminum metal powder layer-by-layer. Boeing To Use Printed Titanium Parts, Potentially Saving Millions3D-printed titanium parts could save millions of dollars on every plane made. Russia’s Tu-160M2 Blackjack Supersonic Bomber: A Cruise Missile Carrier? | The National Interest Blog Coming soon?  LIMA 2017 – Day 3 (Mar 23) | DailyNews The relationship between third offset strategy and multi-domain battle What is the relationship between the Pentagon’s third offset strategy and the multi-domain battle concepts being developed by the services? Air Force looks at how it can support services in multi-domain battle The Air Force is looking at how it can support its sister services in multi-domain battle.   Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information warfare Post navigation Previous Post Russia / Strategy Media Update – 15 April 2-17 Next Post MIT Professor Drops Wrench Into Sarin Evidence Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets New center to combat disinformation toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/04/18/new… 3 hours ago Iran’s Stealth Fighter Is Still Fake and Not Convincing Anyone toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/04/17/ira… https://t.co/7EJz3aiSld 8 hours ago List Kremlin delirium: infected rats, the mercenaries of NATO DRG-poisoners and death rays… toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/04/17/lis… https://t.co/CjEMiYC5Ao 12 hours ago The Primer on Russia’s “Active Measures,” Its Information Warfare Strategy toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/04/17/the… https://t.co/K1AU7xxSUq 12 hours ago MIT Professor Drops Wrench Into Sarin Evidence toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/04/17/mit… https://t.co/20SbVf13bo 12 hours ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Broadcast Communications Equipment Global Market Share, Size, Growth, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast 2022 broadcast communications equipment market comprises of establishments primarily manufacturing communication equipment necessary for TV and radio broadcasting PUNE, INDIA, April 17, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The broadcast communications equipment market comprises of establishments primarily manufacturing communication equipment necessary for TV and radio broadcasting. Such equipment include amplifiers, transmitting antennas, cable decoders, transceivers, and GPS equipment. The market does not include audio and video equipment, and equipment required for measuring and testing communication signals. The Broadcast Communications Equipment Global Market Briefing provides strategists, marketers and senior management with the critical information they need to assess the broadcast communications equipment sector. Reasons to Purchase • Get up to date information available on the broadcast communications equipment market globally. • Identify growth segments and opportunities. • Facilitate decision making on the basis of historic and forecast data and understand the drivers and restraints on the market. • Develop strategies based on likely future developments. • Gain a global perspective on the development of the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/939009-broadcast-communications-equipment-global-market-briefing-2016 Description The Broadcast Communications Equipment Global Market Briefing Report from the Business Research Company covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies for this market. The market characteristics section of the report defines and explains the market. The market size section gives the broadcast communications equipment market revenues, covering both the historic growth of the market and forecasting the future. Drivers and restraints looks at the external factors supporting and controlling the growth of the market. Market segmentations break down the key sub sectors which make up the market. The regional breakdowns section gives the size of the market geographically. Competitive landscape gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and a description of the leading companies. Key financial deals which have shaped the market in the last three years are identified. The trends and strategies section highlights the likely future developments in the broadcast communications equipment market and suggests approaches. Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/939009-broadcast-communications-equipment-global-market-briefing-2016 Scope Markets Covered: Transmitting Antennas, GPS Equipment, Transceivers, Satellite Communications Equipment Companies Mentioned: Harris Corporation, Motorola Inc., Lockheed Martin Corporation, Boeing Satellite Systems Inc., The Boeing Company, Raytheon Company, L-3 Communications Corporation, ITT Corporation, Datapath Inc., A T and T Corporation, and Datron World Communications. Geographic scope: Americas, Europe, Asia, Middle East and Africa, Oceania. Time series: Five years historic and forecast. Data: Market value in $ billions. Data segmentations: Regional breakdowns, market share of competitors, key sub segments. Sourcing and Referencing: Data and analysis throughout the report is sourced using end notes Table of Content 1. Introduction 2. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Characteristics 3. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Historic Growth Drivers of the Market Restraints on the Market 4. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Forecast Growth Drivers of the Market Restraints on the Market 5. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Comparison with Other Communications Hardware Markets 6. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Geography Split 7. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Segmentation Transmitting Antennas, GPS Equipment, Transceivers, Satellite Communications Equipment 8. Broadcast Communications Equipment Competitive Landscape Harris Corporation, Motorola Solutions, Lockheed Martin Corporation, The Boeing Company, Raytheon Company, L-3 Communications Corporation, ITT Corporation, Datapath Inc., A T and T Corporation, and Datron World Communications. 9. Key Mergers And Acquisitions In The Broadcast Communications Equipment 10. Broadcast Communications Equipment Market Trends and Strategies Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=939009 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DMC Global Schedules First Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call Next PostNext Global Website Construction Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Announcing new leadership for Achmea Australia Erythropoietin Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Breaking News: Wholesale Lending Fair is Back, June 28, 2017, at Caesar’s in AC, Exhibit Booths Now Available Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Arcan Cetin in court in Mount Vernon last year. (Brandy Shreve / Skagit Valley Herald via AP, File) Man accused of killing 5 at Burlington mall dies in jail Rikki King Scott North Mon Apr 17th, 2017 4:53pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The man accused of shooting and killing five people at Cascade Mall in Burlington last year died Sunday in the Snohomish County Jail. Arcan Cetin, 20, was being held in Everett while awaiting trial in Skagit County on multiple aggravated-murder charges. Aid crews were called to the jail about 6:50 p.m. Sunday. Cetin is believed to have hanged himself, said Rosemary Kaholokula, Skagit County’s chief criminal deputy prosecutor. The Snohomish County Medical Examiner’s Office is expected to conduct a death investigation along with the sheriff’s Major Crimes Unit. That is standard procedure after a death in the jail, sheriff’s Lt. John Flood said. Details about Cetin’s custody placement were not provided Monday. Local jail records show Cetin was moved here March 10. The move was requested by his attorneys, officials said. Cetin had undergone a mental health evaluation at Western State Hospital. His attorneys requested a separate evaluation, Kaholokula said. It was not clear Monday whether that had occurred. Cetin was due in court next week for a hearing to determine whether he was competent. On Sept. 23, the Oak Harbor man allegedly carried a rifle into the mall and shot five people, including four with ties in Snohomish County. The shootings were captured on security cameras. No one else is facing charges in connection with the deaths. The dead included Belinda Galde, 64, of Arlington. The longtime probation counselor was fatally shot along with her mom, Beatrice Dotson, 95. Boeing worker Wilton Charles “Chuck” Eagan, 61, of Lake Stevens, was at the mall with his wife when the bullets found him. Shayla Martin, 52, was at her job in the cosmetics department in Macy’s when the gunman opened fire. The Mount Vernon woman was the sister of Karen Van Horn, a longtime employee of The Daily Herald. Van Horn on Monday declined comment. Eagan’s family released a statement through Skagit County prosecutors. “We’re understandably in shock over this development. Our heart goes out to Mr. Cetin’s family. We pray that the man repented to God before his death,” they wrote. “While this event puts to rest our fear of his release, we harbor no ill will towards Mr. Cetin or his family and pray for their comfort as we know all too well the pain of grief. The family wishes to extend our continued thanks to those who responded to this tragedy, especially law enforcement and the Skagit County Prosecutor’s office for their steadfast professionalism and compassion. We are also grateful to all of those in the community whose love has helped see us through the past six months as we grieve and remember Chuck.” Sunday’s death was the first at the jail since 2014, according to the sheriff’s office. The Everett lockup has begun to attract regional attention for successful efforts to make it a safer, more humane place. Gov. Jay Inslee visited in January and said the work could be a model for other communities in Washington. When Sheriff Ty Trenary took over the jail in July 2013, one of his first priorities was addressing a string of inmate deaths. The sheriff consulted with outside experts, who encouraged him to dial back on bookings and to focus on improving the jail’s ability to monitor inmate health and safety. Despite some pushback, the sheriff began refusing to house people for nonviolent misdemeanors or whose medical conditions made it difficult to detain them safely. The sheriff also has been a leader in efforts to redirect people living with mental illness from winding up behind bars. At the same time, jail staff have stepped up monitoring for those who are booked with addictions to opioids or alcohol. The jail is the county’s largest de facto detox center. There were 13 jail deaths from 2010 through September 2014. While there were some suicides, most involved inmates with serious health problems, often linked to longtime abuse of drugs and alcohol, records show. The rate of jail deaths was consistent with those seen at similar-sized lockups around the country, according to a federal Department of Justice statistician. Rikki King: 425-339-3449; rking@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @rikkiking. Most Read Longtime Herald features editor Melanie Munk dies at 64 She cared about our readers. Whether it was an easy-to-read recipe, a… Apr 16th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Snohomish to discuss salary for new strong mayor SNOHOMISH — The Snohomish City Council plans to resume its discussion about… Apr 16th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Stanwood wrestling state champion relocates to Ohio to train Anyone who spends any length of time around Mason Phillips can readily… Apr 16th, 2017 by Brian Adamowsky Arlington, Darrington headed to finals in competition ARLINGTON — They have 15 minutes. It’s not much time to sum… Apr 16th, 2017 by Kari Bray Power tussle divides state school agencies, lawmakers OLYMPIA — As two of the state’s venerable forces in public education… Apr 16th, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St rises with earnings in spotlight By Reuters Published: 13:09 EDT, 17 April 2017 | Updated: 13:09 EDT, 17 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 17 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally. Profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term." At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&amp;P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&amp;P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days. Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&amp;P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell. The S&amp;P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS After eight weeks, a dozen suspects and 100s of theories that had millions gripped, the beast of Broadchurch is finally unmasked. JAN MOIR gives her view  'We want to tie the knot on a beach: Ferne McCann discusses MARRIAGE plans with boyfriend Arthur as they pose for their first shoot together Pregnant Katie Price goes underwear free while dolled-up in shock throwback snap taken minutes before daughter Bunny's caesarean birth Baby memories Family getaway! David Beckham holds hands with Harper as he takes his kids for a flight out of LA for Victoria's birthday Rounding up the troops Birthday girl Victoria Beckham is serenaded by the paparazzi in sweet video as she arrives at LAX on her 43rd Spoiled rotten Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Well damn, I was not expecting that!' Final ever episode of Broadchurch leaves viewers breathless as the identity of the serial rapist is revealed at last  Booty-ful and casual! Kim Kardashian shows off her backside in sweats and a T-shirt... from her kimoji line After family filled Easter weekend Barefoot and (no longer) pregnant! Slim Amanda Seyfried kicks off her shoes for casual outing just weeks after welcoming daughter Welcomed first child Pensive Mel B is pictured for the first time since it's claimed she is 'seeking help for emotional abuse' amid bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'He is 100 per cent smitten': Magazine makes bizarre claims Kylie Minogue, 48, has been 'quietly dating' Prince Andrew, 57 after splitting from fiance 'Obsessed with these undies!' Lingerie-clad Iskra Lawrence shows off her famed curves in barely-there nude thong with cleavage boosting bra  'She made an absolute show of herself': Yazmin Oukhellou slams Danielle Armstrong for 'dancing like an animal' as she and James Lock discuss THAT row SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Husband of Countryfile star Ellie who scared herself to show her devotion used to date Holly Willoughby Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend 'Feeling warm and fuzzy' Brad Pitt cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out ahead of filming new 'hostile' space movie Ad Astra  His rugged good looks made him a household name Animal attraction! Blac Chyna wears cheetah print tracksuit as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Pushing the limits of fashion Poppy Delevingne shows off her stunning bikini body as she poses with model Jessica Hart in playful Coachella snap Socialite and model 'I love Delta!' Seal gushes about his The Voice co-star Goodrem amid ongoing romance rumours... after Boy George admitted British star 'fancies' her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her flawless figure in a palm-print bathing suit as she yachts it up for husband José Bastón's birthday Not a Wellard decision! Dean Gaffney delightedly announces EastEnders comeback as Robbie Jackson... 14 years after departing beloved role 'God, I'll be in trouble!': Ollie Locke throws shade at Sam Faiers' baby name... as he reveals he knows what Binky Felstead is planning to call her girl Beaming Jennifer Garner celebrates 45th birthday with friends in Malibu days after filing for divorce from Ben Affleck Girlfriends around her The great sporting dynasty's family name was disgraced when Julius Cowdrey cheated on Ella Willis on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  He's a baby boy Harper Beckham sings Happy Birthday to her mother in heart-warming Instagram clip as she, David and Cruz pay tribute to Victoria on her 43rd Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in smart blazer and matching LBD at premiere of Netflix dramedy Girlboss This Oscar winner is indeed her own girl boss Harry Styles goes beatnik as he meets up with pals in SoHo... while first solo single debuts at number four on US Billboard chart (but with low sales) EXCLUSIVE 'I encouraged him': Sam Faiers' beau Paul Knightley "shares" snap ... days after confession that she CONTROLS his social media  'Photo fail!' Kelly Osbourne and sister-in-law Lisa enjoy a dip in the pool in matching bikinis in sizzling snap... but fans are in hysterics over her 'baby arm' Fadi Fawaz emerges from boyfriend George Michael's £5m mansion amid speculation the late singer's family want to evict him from London home Netflix releases dark teaser for the third and final season of its family drama Bloodline starring Sissy Spacek Sinister and haunting 37-second teaser Bob Harper arrives at Broadway opening of Groundhog Day after recuperating from recent heart attack The actor is lucky to be alive You beauty! Elsa Pataky unveiled as ambassador for L'Oréal Paris hair care in stunning new advertising campaign Chris Hemsworth's wife Emmerdale splits opinion as fans slam Cain Dingle and Harriet Finch's blossoming romance on Twitter... while others claim they make a 'great couple'  'She thinks you're an easy Canadian!' Olivia and Mimi come to blows, Julius has a confession to make and Sam throws a drink at Jamie in Made In Chelsea  Justin Bieber's pal DJ Martin Garrix parties in the pool on $5M estate following smash Coachella performance Garrix recently defended his pal Justin  CBeebies presenter Andy Day's tight trousers send mums into meltdown as he joins children TV star Mr Tumble as an unlikely sex symbol  Toxic tea, a lethal umbrella... the KGB love a very British murder: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Last Night's TV  Murder mysteries Air Jordyn! Kylie Jenner and favourite sidekick Woods jet out from Coachella on private plane Enjoyed a weekend high on partying Keeping up with North! Kim Kardashian attempts to wrangle camera shy daughter and dotes on Saint at Easter party Feeling a little Peaky Blinder? A sleepy looking Paul Anderson swaps his period costume for hooded top and ripped jeans... as the hit show cast begin shooting fourth series What a bag, lady! Sofia Vergara totes $3800 embroidered Gucci purse as she makes a stunning exit from lunch in Beverly Hills TV's highest paid actress Cool blonde: Naomi Watts is classically stylish in cream dress with Alice collar and flounce sleeves at screening in NYC Feminine frock  Drew Barrymore looks gorgeous as she poses in black gown at star-studded Turtle Ball A cavalcade of showbiz figures paraded across the green carpet  'Channeling Tinkerbell!' Julianne Hough wears sequined gown with top knot for Disney week at Dancing With The Stars Shimmering dress Did therapist's daughter Meghan help Harry to confront his pain? Speculation Prince spoke out on his mental health battles after finding happiness  Meet The Stillers! Funny man Ben takes his wife Christine Taylor and daughter Ella to Groundhog Day opening night on Broadway Family affair SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE:  Eugenie gets promoted - despite all those holidays: Princess is made a director of London art gallery  David Bradley will join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord Will help out 'He found all the eggs!' Wiz Khalifa shares heartwarming snaps of his Easter Sunday with son Sebastian at 'paradise' Airbnb before slaying at Coachella 'Family love': Jessica Simpson kisses husband Eric Johnson in heartwarming portrait of the clan Their little ones are clinging to the parents Back in her lingerie! Khloe Kardashian shows off her curves in plunging white teddy as she shares behind-the-scenes look from photo shoot Hit Netflix show 13 Reasons Why accused of 'risky' suicide messages and is blamed for a 'growing number of calls' to teenage helplines  TOWIE's Chris Clark parties with Katie Price in wake of Jesy Nelson split... hours after BLASTING 'absurd' reports romance was a 'publicity stunt'  No wonder she was a Bond girl! Jane Seymour, 66, looks unrecognisable in blonde wig and VERY sexy babydoll lingerie to play sex-crazed neighbour  'Weekend escapes': Lara Bingle jets off to Mexico on private plane for a relaxing getaway... after FINALLY revealing name of her newborn son Pretty woman! Shanina Shaik channels Julia Roberts' classic movie character with leather biker hat and fishnet stockings at Coachella Festival chick Working it! Jennifer Hudson is spring ready in florals before changing into black as she does the talk show circuit She is a talented actress and singer  Olivia Munn shows off her fabulous figure on Cosmo cover... after split with Aaron Rodgers They say keeping busy is one of the best ways to get over a break-up Orange crush! Ashley Benson stands out in New York in bright citrus-colored satin suit and nude top The Pretty Little Liars actress, 27, left the long jacket open Bright Bella! Thorne cuts a colorful figure as she teams hot pink T-shirt with green hair Her Freeform show Famous In Love is set to debut on Tuesday Spring is here! Jon Hamm suns his legs in shorts as he enjoys a stroll around his new neighbourhood  Mad Men star was enjoying a stroll in Los Feliz Harry Potter star David Bradley set to join Peter Capaldi in Doctor Who Christmas special as he reprises his role as William Hartnell's first Time Lord Forced to relive it! Groundhog Day star Andy Karl returns despite onstage knee injury for Broadway premiere of musical adaptation Latched! Lena Dunham 'enjoyed wearing fake lactation nipples' for breastfeeding-themed Girls finale The final ever episode aired Sunday night  Mike Shay says he has been 'labelled a druggie' due to Vanderpump Rules... and accuses ex Scheana of prolonging marriage to divorce him on camera Bye, bye! Allison Williams is casual in a sweater and jeans as she totes her luggage day after Girls finale Sunday was the series final of her HBO show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging leopard print bikini as she shares another sexy selfie from her Seychelles getaway She's body confident! Demi Lovato bares her curves as she shares sultry swimsuit picture  She's on a drive to promote body positivity. Twinning! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear cut casual figures in denim and T-shirts as they return from shopping in Sydney's city centre Shirtless Chris Pratt reveals his impressive six-pack in Guardians of the Galaxy 2 teaser His shirtless ripped physique set temperatures rising Charlie Hunnam flexes his muscle on outing with longtime love Morgana McNelis... after spilling details on his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage  Strike a pose! Madonna's adopted twins Esther and Stella playfully try on the singer's wigs as they dress up in fairy outfits for sweet Instagram snap  'Expectation vs Reality!': Susanna Reid teases her fans with a no make-up selfie as she prepares to go back to work on GMB On her day off A very busty Britney! Kate Upton reveals her cleavage in a plunging top as she performs Spears' hit One More Time 'Happy birthday my Spicy sister': Emma Bunton and Mel C share sweet throwback snaps as they pay tribute to Victoria Beckham on her 43rd birthday 'She is a strong girl and she is resilient': Former Home And Away star Samara Weaving becomes latest target of nude photo leak Lovely in layers! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen enjoy coffee break as they rock their unique oversized style Footballer Jamie O'Hara condemns 'sick' acid attack on a London nightclub after revealing his cousin was among the 12 people injured  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her bump in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to fiance Michael O'Neill during family holiday with her three sons in Marbella BGT star groomed for stardom by her parents: Sarah Ikumu started singing at the age of FIVE in a church choir and has entered a string of competitions since Bikini malfunction! Ireland Baldwin falls out of her tiny swimsuit while sunbathing with friend  Busty Baldwin  'It's Jed Sheeran!': Singer Ed mimics Jedward's Irish accent in hilariously unlikely friendship video... after the twins boasted about a future collaboration  'Brave little guy!': Leonardo DiCaprio's ex-girlfriend Kendal Schuler gives birth to her first child Ryka Lee 'on the bathroom floor at home' Why ARE TV wildlife stars all so DOTTY? As Countryfile star admits scarring her arm for life as a love tribute to her partner we round up some of the other bizarre admissions  'We're not married, but this was my offering': Countryfile presenter Ellie Harrison PAID to have her arm scarred ten times to show her devotion to her partner Passion in paradise! Heidi Klum, 43, cuddles boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic vacation in Costa Rica Costa Romance  EXCLUSIVE Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes rollerblading in Central Park as he prepares for 58th surgery... an £8,000 eye colour change in India Lottie Moss shows off enviably slender figure and washboard abs in skimpy black bikini as she tops up her tan in LA Caitlyn Jenner reveals she will never have sex with a woman again - but says she may sleep with a man after her gender reassignment surgery Smitten Serena Williams looks delighted as she is swept off her feet by fiance Alexis Ohanian in romantic beach photo All tennis love  Split! Kim Kardashian's close friend La La Anthony separates from NY Knicks basketball star husband Carmelo after seven years of marriage Jersey Shore star 'The Situation' pleads not guilty in latest tax fraud case as he stands accused of claiming luxury car and clothing purchases as 'business expenses' 'Best you've ever looked!': Fans go wild for TOWIE's James 'Arg' Argent and his new slimline look as his rehab stint in Thailand comes to an end Victory lap! Model Brittny Ward puckers up to racing driver boyfriend Jenson Button... before sharing a sizzling snap of her perky posterior Busty Ashley James puts on a seriously eye-popping display in plunging printed bikini top as she soaks up the sun on last day of Coachella Rihanna dons a rhinestone bodysuit and P Diddy supplies a 'TOW-TRUCK full' of Ciroc vodka at star-studded Coachella party  Liam Payne's bikini-clad ex Danielle Peazer just about protects her modesty with ice cream appliques over sheer cups as she sizzles at Coachella  Prince's secret life revealed: New documents show singer's house was littered with pills, police found drug-laden suitcase in his alias 'Peter Bravestrong'  Back to work! Honest Company co-founder Jessica Alba heads to Success Makers Summit in NYC after cutting short her Easter celebration in LA Take your pup to work day! Gigi Hadid carries Zayn Malik's French bulldog as she wears double denim on her way to meeting in NYC The show must go on! Khloe Kardashian poses in her undies as it's announced Revenge Body has been picked up for a second season All-new episodes Dating again? Carmen Electra, 44, is radiant as she hits another Coachella event with Tommy Lee who she romanced nearly 20 years ago 'Still got it!' Victoria Beckham swoons over hunky husband David as she shares shirtless snap of the star showing off his football skills during family weekend Megan McKenna is unrecognisable with toned-down makeup and extension-free locks in 2011 throwback photos before her TOWIE glam-over FIRST LOOK! Lady Gaga rocks out with Bradley Cooper in sneak peek of hotly anticipated remake of The Star Is Born All the greats! Picture perfect family: Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos wear matching pink for sweet Easter outing with their kids 'Sorry Sam Callahan': Euromillions winner Jane Park taunts ex with intimate Snapshat shot next to Scottish reality star Brian Matthews For the love of fashion! Katy Perry nearly drowns in high-necked dress for Vogue... as she reveals she's been seeing a therapist for five years Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL rounds up the weekend's best Coachella outfits posted to social media from stars like Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner and more Body confident Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio wears netted dress over bikini as she holds hands with beau Oliver Ripley at Coachella Sheerly not? Leona Lewis shows off her black lace bra in a see-through mesh top and tiny denim shorts as she hits Coachella Bleeding Love singer Big bag theory! Casual Kaley Cuoco carries huge tote on outing with boyfriend Karl Cook  The couple were spotted out for Easter dinner on Sunday  'It's a strange feeling': Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall confesses he feels 'emotional' as the third and final series of hit show reaches climax Mom's the word! Drew Barrymore is in her element as she picnics in Central Park with daughters Olive and Frankie 'Mummy's little Easter bunny!' Billie Faiers shares sweet snap of newborn son Arthur as she celebrates Easter with her family Happy families Tickled pink! Hilary Duff wears over-the-top shiny frock while filming scenes for TV series Younger Pretty in pink  'It's embarrassing to say the least': Danielle Armstrong 'barred from Essex hotspot' following shock brawl with TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock 'I can still wear it!' Pregnant Binky Felstead flaunts her blooming baby bump in pretty fringed bikini Made In Chelsea beauty is expecting her first child 'He's ready to move on': Ben Affleck has 'moved out of family home and is dating someone else' in the midst of divorce with Jennifer Garner Reese Witherspoon looks radiant as she jets out of LAX after attending Coachella and helping Jennifer Garner celebrate her 45th birthday Expanding their family! Friday Night Lights star Scott Porter reveals wife expecting second baby... after testing positive for Huntington's disease Kate Hudson the boho babe goes braless in flowing frock with a plunging neckline on Easter Sunday Hopping around  'My sweetie!' Katie Holmes wraps arms around daughter Suri Cruise and enjoys a jet ski ride on Easter retreat Ola Jordan flaunts her tan in tiny bikini as she enjoys romantic Maldives break with James... after sharing jaw-dropping throwback snap of the couple Laughing off the breakup! Olivia Munn is in great spirits as she heads to Canada to resume filming on Predator two weeks after Aaron Rodgers split 'I'm more sustainable with my fashion': Anne Hathaway models dress she bought for $15 at a flea market as she says buying vintage helps the planet = Sean Spicer thinks it will be 'good for Saturday Night Live' if Alec Baldwin drops his 'bad and mean' role as President Trump Lily Collins steps out as she reveals 'absolutely epic' message of encouragement from former First Lady Michelle Obama Newly-single Jesy Nelson flashes her abs as she jets back to UK with Perrie Edwards amid claims TOWIE's Chris Clark romance was a 'publicity stunt' Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display as she squeezes her curves into a skimpy bikini during Easter getaway in Italy Beach babe Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly bear a striking resemblance to Laurel and Hardy as they transform into the comedy duo to film biopic Rebekah Vardy shows off her cleavage in a plunging playsuit as she heads to Joe Hart's 30th birthday bash with footballer husband Jamie 'We enjoy jungle sex!': Rapper Ice-T, 59, says he uses 'oil and figure skates' to 'accommodate' wife Coco Austin, 38, between the sheets 'The happiest experience I've ever had on a film': Hollywood star Sam Neill fondly recalls working with late satirist John Clarke on a movie that led to their lifelong friendship Pregnant Bristol Palin proudly shows off her growing baby bump in a tight dress, as her 16-year-old sister Piper poses for prom photos in Alaska Just the two of us! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo hold hands on romantic lunch date without baby Dusty Rose Cute couple Water great figure! Braless Jennifer Aniston flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she poses up a storm for drinks campaign Bringing in the baby wrangler: Terry Richardson shares snap of girlfriend Skinny and Martha Stewart as the unlikely friends spend Easter together  Unsealed search warrants show Prince was struggling with opioid addiction and had been secretly dating a former Voice contestant for two years Sweet Harper Beckham shows off her long Rapunzel locks as she joins her family at Victoria's birthday dinner in Malibu Family time Justin Bieber in the clear over 'head-butting a guest at a pre-Grammys party'... after police drop the investigation 'due to lack of cooperation' Sofia Richie shows off her toned abs in a white bikini top and red boiler suit as she enjoys Coachella day party In Palm Springs over the weekend She's a real daredevil! Tony Hawk's eight-year-old daughter proves she inherited her father's skills as he gives her a skateboarding lesson on their ramp at home Happy Easter from the Wests! Kim Kardashian shares adorable family photo featuring Kanye and children North and Saint Wests and their children Melissa Tkautz hopes to use Real Housewives of Sydney to relaunch her acting career with a role in a new horror film about a giant killer PIG She's back! Ruby Rose will return for season five of Orange Is The New Black after using the Netflix drama to launch her Hollywood career  Barbara Palvin flaunts her cleavage and enviably long legs in a plunging black swimsuit for sizzling snapshot  Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Eleanor Calder looks leggy in denim hotpants alongside boyfriend Louis Tomlinson at Coachella... as they put LAX paparazzi scuffle behind them 'Baking some buns': April Love Geary shows off her tanned derriere in a tiny bikini as she enjoys blissful break with boyfriend Robin Thicke in the Maldives That's how it's Dunn! Leggy Jourdan shows off her supermodel shape in two skimpy outfits as she parties up a storm at Coachella   Catwalk strut Sixties style! Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her legs in retro crochet mini dress and cute pigtails as she dresses to impress for another day at Coachella Thom Evans hits Coachella with his shirtless brother Max... amid claims newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh has 'set her sights on' the hunk Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her trim bikini body at Coachella in a purple two-piece... after admitting to threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Kendall Jenner 'attends Coachella pot party with A$AP Rocky' and even shows her support by sporting his goggles... as things heat up between the pair Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage in a plunging silk negligee and stockings as she transforms into a bunny girl for saucy LOVE Easter video FAMILY AFFAIR: Melania and Barron join President Trump at the White House for annual Easter Egg Roll - while Sean Spicer reads to children Keeping fit! Lara Trump shows off her baby bump in a crop top while out on an Easter morning run, before taking her beloved pet dogs to the White House Tiffany Trump brings Democrat boyfriend to celebrate Easter with the president and her family in Florida - while mother Marla Maples spends day in Rome Charlie Hunnam says getting hitched to actress Katharine Towne at age 18 ended in three 'terrible, painful years' of marriage Head over heels  He's been on daddy duties! Beaming Alec Baldwin sports colourful stickers all over his face as he enjoys laid back dog walk with wife Hilaria Touching moment Princess Eleonore of Belgium surprises her father King Philippe with a violin recital as they celebrate their birthdays one day apart Liam Payne renting out £8m LA mansion with meditation teahouse, resort style pool and vineyard for £32k a month as he settles in Sussex with Cheryl Katy Perry flashes her flat stomach in a white side-split maxidress at Coachella... after ex Orlando Bloom was spotted cosying up to a mystery blonde Looking (Coach)Hella good! Rihanna flaunts her enviably lean legs in thigh high boots and quirky denim gown as she parties at music festival Brooklyn Beckham cuts a stylish figure as he cuddles up to glamorous singer Lexy Panterra at Coachella party  Making friends 'She basically coached me': Zoella reveals how Cameron Diaz help her get back to 'a good place' after she became overwhelmed by fame and wanted to quit Celebrities who have faced their own battles with grief praise 'brave' Prince Harry as charities say he is helping to change attitudes Katie Price flashes her tanned and toned pins as she poses in skimpy underwear for sexy selfie... but fans are more concerned with the mess in her kitchen Her breast move! Tove Lo flashes her chest in a crop top as she takes to the stage at Coachella alongside Wiz Khalifa Didn't disappoint with her stage show 'She's so fierce, smart and cool': Emma Watson reveals why she felt a 'connection' to Belle in Beauty And The Beast Saw herself in the role 'It was the scariest moment': Caprice reveals that she was diagnosed with a BRAIN TUMOUR during The Jump and biggest fear was for her sons Popular comic duo accuse BGT's Adam Keeler of 'blatantly copying' their act... as David Walliams lends his support to veteran double act Have Britain's Got Talent mind-reading duo 'conned' viewers? Star act DNA are revealed to be PROFESSIONAL magic consultants who have performed globally Alessandra Ambrosio and her daughter Anja, eight, match in pretty lace dresses as the proud model mum watches her mini me perform at Coachella Kim Kardashian does Easter! Real lambs, fluffy rabbits and TWO Easter bunnies (with Kanye West and John Legend in costume) Eggs-cellent show Cheers to that! Playful Kris Jenner wears bunny ears and a purple power suit as she downs champagne at Kim and Kanye's Easter party  Poppin' bottles Who is the Broadchurch rapist? As viewers await finale, here are the biggest suspects - including the cabbie, the shopkeeper and mechanic's WIFE Janet Jackson 'to reschedule 75 axed shows and pen album about motherhood' as she moves on after split from husband Wissam Al Mana Beach bliss! Heidi Klum showcases incredible bikini body as she gives boyfriend Vito Schnabel a kiss during Costa Rican getaway Bikini babe Olivia Palermo keeps it casual in a cream blouse and ripped skinny jeans as she gets her Easter caffeine fix   Fashion fan 'I didn't think MIC could get any crazier!' Steph Pratt and Toff dish on co-star Binky Felstead's pregnancy as they lament not being able to 'switch off' 'I would love kids': Prince Harry is now taking his personal life seriously after mental health battle and reveals children with Meghan may not be far away Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson 'sentenced to 270 days in LA County jail and five years probation after stabbing a woman during argument in 2015 ' Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon 'stressed out after shock meeting with cheating ex husband MC Harvey at charity benefit' Countryfile presenter Kate Humble, 48, admits she had a 'panic attack' over the thought of having children when she realised being a mother was not for her Egg-cellent effort! Victoria Beckham puts on eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit and bunny mask as she leads the pack of celebs celebrating Easter Magenta-haired Ariel Winter looks besotted with boyfriend Levi Meaden as they pack on the PDA during romantic evening at Coachella Cosying up in a corner Wedding faux pas! Chloe Khan commits fashion fail by wearing all-white as she shows off her slender waist in a crop top alongside gal pal Katie Salmon 'Where's the diversity?' Victoria's Secret provokes fury with its annual 'sexiest' women list - made up of 'young, white and thin' stars Hot mama spice! Geri Horner flaunts her sensational post-baby body in a retro chic one-piece as she enjoys the sun with family in Bahrain 'Her first Easter!' Rob Kardashian posts sweet Instagram snap of baby Dream dressed up in her floral bonnet Gushed over his five-month-old 'The most offensive place!' Drake blasts his exclusive Coachella digs as he accuses staff of 'racial profiling' One of the most exclusive locations  Desert stunner! Nicole Scherzinger wows in VERY revealing black crochet dress at Coachella Worn over a a black bikini-style bra Starry Eyed: Cooing Ellie Goulding can't keep her cool as she BOWS to legendary rapper Diddy and giggles hysterically after running into him in LA 'They're like bunny rabbits!' Joan Crawford rants about Bette Davis' sex life... before losing role to Olivia de Havilland in biographical drama Feud Did she run out of room in her suitcase? Ashley James shows serious sideboob as she goes brafree in crochet dress then sheer pants at Coachella Is Meghan going to defy Pippa's 'no ring, no bring' wedding ban? Actress books time off from filming Suits at the time of the big day A week's holiday in May Pregnant Binky Felstead drapes growing bump in chic Grecian maxi dress while flashing her endless legs through risque splits Party time! Maria Sharapova steps out in slinky black dress with lace accents as she celebrates birthday in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take their kids to Easter church service together... days after officially filing for divorce DS Steve Arnott cheated death. But it was still a disastrous week for AC-12 as they were out-maneuvered by Thandie Newton in Line Of Duty 'Getting a little too thin...': Lucy Mecklenburgh divides fans with her slender figure as she bares her gym-honed stomach in Coachella selfie Tyga who? Newly single Kylie Jenner flaunts bodacious behind in sheer black LBD as she hangs out with Travis Scott at Coachella bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Car Connection New Cars Used Cars Classifieds Research News Research New Cars By Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Can't Decide? Find By Price, Type, New Cars » Used Cars For Sale Near You Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Coda Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford Geo GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon Browse Used Cars For Sale » Used Cars for Sale Near You Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boston Charlottesville Chicago Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit El Paso Fort Worth Fresno Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Long Beach Los Angeles Louisville Memphis Mesa Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New York Oakland Oklahoma City Omaha Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Raleigh Sacramento San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tucson Tulsa Virginia Beach Washington Shop By Type Convertible Coupe Crossover Diesel Hatchback Hybrid Pickup Truck Sedan Sports Car SUV Vans Wagon More Ways to Shop » Advice Buying Guides Maintenance Guides Finance Guides The Basics Best Car to Buy 2017 » Driver's Choice 2017 » More Tips & Advice » Car Reviews » Rankings Convertible Coupe Crossover Electric Cars Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Cars Van/Minivan Pickup Truck SUV Sedan Wagon More Rankings » HomeNewsToday in Car News Safest cars for teens, 2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350, Solar cities: What’s New @ The Car Connection Andrew Ganz Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close April 17, 2017 IIHS names the best used cars under $20,000 (and under $10,000) for your teen If you don't have a teen living under your roof, you might not have noticed, but 'tis the season for buying cars for young drivers. Whether they're looking for a gift to suit a high school grad (good luck with that, BTW) or something to send off a college-bound kid, parents across the country are scouring the lots for rides.  2018 Buick Regal video preview Are the days of the four-door sedan numbered? The 2018 Volvo S90 boasts a back seat fit for a king Don't bother calling shotgun if you're about to ride in the 2018 Volvo S90. The back seat is now the place to be thanks to a wheelbase stretch for leg-crossing room plus a new standard massaging feature.  2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 Enlarge Photo From Motor Authority: 2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT350 keeps old look, gains new colors Ford’s Mustang receives some significant updates for the 2018 model year but the changes don’t affect the Shelby GT350 and GT350R. First look at Audi e-tron Sportback concept for 2017 Shanghai auto show Audi has provided us with our first look at its new e-tron Sportback concept to be unveiled on Wednesday at the 2017 Shanghai auto show. S60 on track to be first Volvo made in US Volvo has only just broken ground on its first-ever U.S. assembly plant, but we already know what vehicle will first roll out into the southern breeze of Ridgeville, South Carolina when the plant becomes operational in 2018. Solar farm used by West Hill House B&BEnlarge Photo  From Green Car Reports: What U.S. cities have the most solar power? New report lays it out Cities across the U.S. are working to limit their emissions of climate-change gases turning to solar power, among other tactics. Electric jet startup is backed by Boeing and JetBlue Seattle-based startup Zunum Aero has received funding from Boeing HorizonX and JetBlue Technology Ventures toward making its dream of electrified air travel a reality. Q: Why is Tesla worth more than GM? A: The sins of Detroit It remains unclear whether Tesla will survive as an independent company, given that it's had exactly two profitable quarters in its 12-plus years of existence. Tags: Today in Car News News 2017 The Car Connection See the winners » 2017 The Car Connection See The Winner and Nominees » Recommended Galleries 2018 Acura TLX video preview 2018 Buick Regal video preview 2016 Mitsubishi Outlander, Outlander Sport recalled to fix door latch glitch 2018 Buick Enclave video preview   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us   Ratings and Reviews Rate and review your car for The Car Connection Review your car Related Articles Mercedes diesels, NY auto show, Toyota Prius One: What’s New @ The Car Connection Emissions showdown, Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk, Genesis GV80: What’s New @ The Car Connection Tesla overtakes GM, 2018 Lincoln Navigator, Climate change: What’s New @ The Car Connection Latest recalls, Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk, Ford Fusion Hybrid police car: What’s New @ The Car Connection The Car Connection Daily Headlines Stay up-to-date with the latest news in the car world delivered daily. Get the Newsletter I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Thank you! Please check your email for confirmation. Get the Web's best daily automotive newsletter! We'll email you the latest automotive news every day. Subscribe Ready to buy? Find new and used cars for sale near you Used New Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Pontiac Porsche Ram Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Bentley Coda Daewoo Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Genesis Geo Isuzu Lamborghini Lotus Maserati Maybach McLaren Oldsmobile Panoz Plymouth Rolls-Royce Saab smart Tesla - Select a Model - Enter Your Zip Code Go! Used Sedans Used SUVs Used Pickup Trucks Used Vans Used Crossovers Used Toyota Corolla For Sale Used BMW 3-Series For Sale Used Dodge Challenger For Sale Used Ford Focus For Sale Used Honda Civic For Sale Used Hyundai Elantra For Sale Used Mazda MAZDA3 For Sale Used Toyota Camry For Sale Used Hyundai Accent For Sale Used Honda Accord Sedan For Sale Used Mitsubishi Lancer For Sale Used Dodge Charger For Sale Used Mercedes-Benz C Class For Sale Used Chevrolet Cruze For Sale Used BMW 5-Series For Sale Used BMW 7-Series For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Jeep Wrangler For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Volkswagen Tiguan For Sale Used Lexus LX 570 For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Volvo XC90 For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Ford Edge For Sale Used Ford F-150 For Sale Used GMC Sierra 1500 For Sale Used Toyota Tundra For Sale Used Chevrolet Colorado For Sale Used Chevrolet Silverado 1500 For Sale Used Toyota FJ Cruiser For Sale Used Lexus GX 460 For Sale Used Chevrolet Avalanche For Sale Used Ram 1500 For Sale Used Toyota 4Runner For Sale Used Toyota Tacoma For Sale Used Honda Ridgeline For Sale Used Nissan Frontier For Sale Used Lincoln Mark LT For Sale Used GMC Canyon For Sale Used Nissan Titan For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Jeep Wrangler For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Toyota Sienna For Sale Used Lincoln Navigator For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Mercedes-Benz Sprinter Passenger Vans For Sale Used Chrysler Town & Country For Sale Used Toyota Land Cruiser For Sale Used Volkswagen Routan For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Toyota 4Runner For Sale Used Dodge Grand Caravan For Sale Used Honda Odyssey For Sale Used Mazda MAZDA5 For Sale Used Toyota RAV4 For Sale Used Toyota Highlander For Sale Used Honda CR-V For Sale Used Ford Escape For Sale Used Kia Sportage For Sale Used Hyundai Tucson For Sale Used Lexus RX 350 For Sale Used Volkswagen Tiguan For Sale Used Hyundai Santa Fe For Sale Used Toyota Venza For Sale Used Subaru Forester For Sale Used Volvo XC90 For Sale Used Nissan Pathfinder For Sale Used Jeep Compass For Sale Used Ford Edge For Sale Used Toyota Yaris For Sale   Follow Us New Cars Compare cars Cars For Sale Trucks For Sale Used Cars Cheap Cars News Advice About Us Blog Videos RSS Feed How We rate cars Buy Auto Leads Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer Reprints Latest Reviews 2017 Kia Optima 2017 Ford Escape 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Edge 2017 Chrysler 200 Featured Reviews 2018 Audi S4 2018 Chevrolet Equinox 2017 Honda Clarity 2017 GMC Sierra 2500HD 2018 BMW 6-Series 2017 Buick Verano 2017 Mazda CX-5 2018 Toyota C-HR © 2017 The Car Connection. All Rights Reserved. The Car Connection is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Moab Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Money US STOCKS-Wall St rises with earnings in spotlight Shares1 Mon, 17 Apr 2017-10:42pm , Reuters U.S. stocks were on track to snap a three-day losing streak on Monday as investors turned their attention to the first-quarter earnings season, while geopolitical concerns took a back seat. The latest earnings season is expected to show whether companies can live up to their lofty valuations, especially after a post-election rally. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The influence of geopolitical risks, which had dominated market sentiment last week, seemed to be waning. President Donald Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said on Sunday the United States, its allies and China were working on a range of responses to North Korea's latest failed ballistic missile test. However, McMaster indicated that Trump was not considering military action for now. "We got in and out of the long weekend without any major news or controversy on the geopolitical front," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York. "The anticipation of better earnings from the first quarter may shift the momentum in the favor of this market at least in the near-term." At 12:47 p.m. ET (1647 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 112.67 points, or 0.55 percent, at 20,565.92, the S&P 500 was up 12.33 points, or 0.53 percent, at 2,341.28 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 32.46 points, or 0.56 percent, at 5,837.61. All of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, led by technology, which was up for the first time in 11 days. Among stocks, Amazon.com was up 1.3 percent at $896.79 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1050 from $900. The online retailer's shares also provided the biggest boost to the S&P and the Nasdaq. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.4 percent. Netflix, which is scheduled to report results after the bell on Monday, was up 2.7 percent at $146.75. Arconic was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P after Chief Executive Klaus Kleinfeld resigned amid pressure from activist hedge fund Elliott Management. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,996 to 881. On the Nasdaq, 1,816 issues rose and 960 fell. The S&P 500 index showed seven 52-week highs and no lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 38 lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money No plans to foray into India's domestic aviation: Lufthansa Money BSE to keep 22 companies under enhanced surveillance Money Services sector needs to gear up for Industrial Revolution 4.0: Nirmala Sitharaman Money NCLT dismisses Cyrus Mistry firms' petition against Tata Sons Money Asian stocks slip amid North Korea concerns, dollar up on Mnuchin comments Money Corporates show mental healthcare matters Next Article > IPL 2017: Making a comeback from injury gave me the hard years of my life, says KKR's Coulter-Nile Next node IPL 2017: Making a comeback from injury gave me the hard years of my life, says KKR's Coulter-Nile Related Malcolm Turnbull does a Donald Trump: Toughens Australian foreign worker visas used largely by Indians Asian stocks slip amid North Korea concerns, dollar up on Mnuchin comments There's need for faster decision-making: Sunil Kant Munjal Video WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! IPL 2017 | WATCH: Mumbai Indians dance their hearts out after beating the Kolkata Knight Riders View all Tags Donald Trump Credit Suisse Klaus Kleinfeld Boeing China Netflix New York North Korea Thomson Reuters United States S&P Amazon Art Hogan Dow Jones Industrial Average Elliott Management NYSE Nasdaq Composite Thomson Reuters I/B/E U. S. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Chidambaram accuses ED of making 'wild allegations' against China-made truck used in North Korea parade to show submarine-launched missile Observer says suspicion over 2.5 million Turkish referendum votes PIL filed in Delhi HC seeking response from Centre over Kulbhushan Jadhav's release Japan nominates Fuketa to take over at atomic regulator Sport INTERVIEW-Cricket-Australia's pace attack could decide Ashes - Lee Soccer-United can end season strongly after Chelsea win, says Young Out-of-form Bernard Tomic not `motivated` for Davis Cup in 2017 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Tuesday, April 18 KXIP will regain momentum during home games: Manan Vohra Entertainment SCOOP: Farhan Akhtar in Ashutosh Gowariker's next? 'Main Phir Bhi Tumko Chaahunga' song epitomises Arjun Kapoor's unconditional, unrequited love for Shraddha Kapoor Euro Fashions introduces Sidharth Malhotra as brand ambassador I always ask about the fairness of the pay: Jessica Chastain Liam Payne plans to rent his 8 million euros LA mansion Money Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Need for policy shift to boost ICT infrastructure: Report Telecom Min allays fears over mobile tower radiation Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / World News U.S.-Korea consortium competing for Pentagon contract By Elizabeth Shim   |   April 17, 2017 at 11:33 AM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our weekly Korea Now newsletter An exclusive report putting perspective on the week's most important developments. April 17 (UPI) -- Korea Aerospace Industries and a U.S. defense contractor are competing for a major advanced trainer jet contract with the U.S. Air Force, according to a South Korean press report. After successfully completing the initial test flight of the second T-50A trainer aircraft in July 2016, KAI and Lockheed Martin formed a consortium to enter a bid, News 1 reported Monday. The Air Force had announced its plans to purchase 350 new jets to replace the Northrop T-38 Talon jet trainer, according to Northrop Grumman. KAI and Lockheed Martin want to supply the jets for $15 billion that could then lead to second and third-stage projects, South Korea media reported. If the U.S.-South Korea group lands the contract, it would boost future defense collaboration as well as strengthen the bilateral alliance between Seoul and Washington. The consortium, however, is up against stiff competition. Boeing and Saab have submitted designs for the contract: a twin-seat single-engine trainer jet that features a glass cockpit. Sierra Nevada Corp. and Turkish Aerospace Industries are also competitors for the bid, and Italy's Leonardo has submitted its T-100 for the contract. Sources at KAI are worried that the South Korean government is not taking sufficient charge of pushing the contract forward in the wake of South Korean President Park Geun-hye's impeachment and the subsequent leadership vacuum in Seoul, according to News 1. South Koreans are to elect a new president on May 9. Lockheed Martin and Korea Aerospace Industries developed the T-50 Golden Eagle in the '90s. The jet has more than 142,000 flight hours and trained more than 2,000 fighter pilots. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories China stands by North Korea policy as Pence visits Seoul Crude oil prices flat to start Monday, after rough overnight patch McMaster visits Afghanistan, plans full 'strategy review' of options Comments Topics: Park Geun-hye, Sierra Nevada Trending 'First family': Moments with President Donald Trump's clan Next Article Monitor says Turkey's referendum was not genuinely democratic Latest Headlines Report: U.S. airstrikes hit Syrian mosque 1 hour ago ago April 18 (UPI) -- A report released Tuesday said the U.S. bombed a Syrian mosque in an airstrike last month, which the U.S. military had denied. Japan convenience stores to cut out workers, scan entire baskets 5 hours ago ago April 17 (UPI) -- Japanese consumers can expect even more convenience at convenience stores. Small plane crashes in Portugal market lot, kills 5 11 hours ago ago April 17 (UPI) -- Five people died Monday when a small plane crashed in a supermarket's parking lot just west of the Portuguese capital of Lisbon, police said. Chinese analyst says North Korea missiles are mockups 12 hours ago ago April 17 (UPI) -- A Chinese missile expert says he thinks the midrange and intercontinental missiles that were on display during North Korea's parade Saturday are mockups. South Korea military accused of using dating app to trap gay soldiers 13 hours ago ago April 17 (UPI) -- South Korea's military is facing allegations of gay-baiting soldiers through fake accounts on an online dating app. Trending Stories FBI, U.S. Marshals now involved in manhunt for suspect in Facebook killing Supreme Court rejects appeal for Latin American refugees seeking U.S. asylum Chinese analyst says North Korea missiles are mockups Time names Philippine's Duterte as most influential person Four die in Florida plane crash PHOTOS MLB Opening Day: Moments from start of 2017 baseball season 'First family': Moments with President Donald Trump's clan Moments from 2017 Masters Tournament Rob and Carl Reiner handprint ceremony at TCL Chinese Theatre In photos: Met Gala couture Memorial ceremony for the Yellow Emperor in China Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Trending Videos Topics Writers Podcasts Search by: Article Writer Search by: Article Writer Podcasts Videos Trending The Economic Drive of Mara Gangs in Central America’s Northern Triangle Chavista Paramilitaries Attack Archbishop of Caracas in the Middle of Mass Newsletter taxes How the Republican Tax Plan Could Crush US Growth By: Guest Contributor - Apr 17, 2017, 10:07 am 0 There has been virtually no debate or public discussion about this new, horrible tax. (FEE) By Steve Forbes Republicans in the House of Representatives are inadvertently setting a nasty political and economic trap for Donald Trump. Yes, it’s the Republicans, not the Democrats, who are ready to administer an unnecessary black eye to the new President. That’s not their intention, but it manifestly will be the result. The vehicle for this unwitting GOP punch is a new exaction called the border adjustability tax. This levy will cost American consumers at least a trillion dollars over the next ten years. Knowing how Washington politicians calculate these things, you can bet the amount will end up being considerably more. Prices for everyday items, such as socks, shoes and household appliances, will go up. So will tech devices like the iPad, not to mention automobiles and trucks. Gasoline? Millions of Americans will pay an additional 30 cents or more per gallon at the pump. Lower-income and struggling middle-class Americans will get hit the hardest. Few people are even aware of what the Republicans are getting ready to hit them with. There has been virtually no debate or public discussion about this new, horrible tax, yet in one of those strange fits of collective, self-destructive behavior, numerous GOP lawmakers are ready to enact it. Here’s how, in essence, this sneaky, anti-consumer tax works. Importers will no longer be allowed to deduct an item as a business expense. To simplify things, let’s say a store imports a pair of sneakers for $40 and then sells them for $50, making a $10 profit on which it would owe taxes. Under the Republican plan, however, the retailer wouldn’t be able to deduct the $40 it paid for the sneakers. In fact, it would owe taxes on the entire $50! And who, ultimately, pays this tax? You, the consumer, in the form of higher prices or fewer choices of where you can shop. Retailers and their customers will be hit. Many oil refiners import crude oil to turn into gasoline. This new tax will sharply raise their costs, which will spell pain when you fill up your tank. Worse, some could be forced out of business or have to sharply curtail operations, as drivers cut back on buying the suddenly more expensive fuel. Companies like BMW, Toyota, Mercedes, Honda, Nissan and Hyundai have major manufacturing operations in the U.S. that employ tens of thousands of workers in good-paying jobs. These companies’ costs will soar because they import numerous parts for the vehicles their workers assemble. The Loophole of All Loopholes But wait, it gets worse. Another feature of this bizarre GOP scheme gives exporters a gargantuan tax break by, in effect, not taxing their export revenues. Let’s say a corporation sells a piece of machinery to Iran for $5 million, which cost only $4 million to produce. That means $1 million in taxable profit. Under the new Republican scheme, however, that $5 million received from the mullahs wouldn’t be taxable. Instead of a $1 million profit, the corporation, for tax purposes, would have a $4 million loss. Loophole doesn’t begin to describe this “tax break.” No wonder companies like Boeing, GE and other big exporters are orgasming over this GOP “reform.” Big breaks for big companies, higher prices for beleaguered consumers. Why are the Republicans doing this? They say the revenue raised will help finance a huge tax cut, such as getting rid of the death tax and the horrific alternative minimum tax, cutting the corporate tax rate from its disastrous 35% to a highly stimulative 20% or less and very meaningfully lightening the tax burden on individuals. These are all extremely exciting ideas and would do wonders for the economy. Read More: Why Activists Should Think Twice about #DeleteUber Read More: Three Myths that Distort US Debate on Immigration But enacting a big, brand-new tax to finance cuts in old taxes is a dangerous business, especially in the way the Republicans are going about it. Democrats will gleefully remind voters why prices are going up, conveniently ignoring the tax cuts. Moreover, the GOP border adjustment tax is a but a small step away from a full-blown value added tax, which has financed the bloating of governments around the world. Democrats will someday be back in power, and they won’t hesitate to either ramp up this GOP-created tax or go for the VAT. This would be hypocritical–rip apart the Republicans over this tax, and then go on to compound their felony. A VAT would crush future U.S. economic growth rates, just as it has in Europe and elsewhere. Consider this astonishing fact: In the mid-1960s government spending in Europe as a proportion of their economies wasn’t much different from our own. Growth rates matched or exceeded ours. Then Europe discovered the VAT. Spending ballooned and growth slowed to a crawl, consistently clocking in at significantly lower levels than Uncle Sam’s. Republicans also claim their new tax would help exports. In the real world it would do no such thing, as astute tax expert Dan Mitchell has explained (see this and this). The GOP should drop this tax scheme. Why create unnecessary conflict and damage our new President? Republicans shouldn’t be constrained by the Congressional Budget Office’s antiquated way of measuring the economic impact of changes in taxes. Drop the green eye shades, and go for big cuts that would turbo-charge the economy. Steve Forbes is an American publishing executive, who was twice a candidate for the nomination of the Republican Party for President. Forbes is the Editor-in-Chief of Forbes, a business magazine. Forbes was a Republican candidate in the 1996 and 2000 Presidential primaries. Forbes is the son of longtime Forbes publisher Malcolm Forbes, and the grandson of that publication’s founder, B.C. Forbes. This article was originally published on FEE.org. Read the original article. Guest Contributor Related Posts taxes How the Republican Tax Plan Could Crush US Growth By: Daniel J. Mitchell - @danieljmitchell - Apr 17, 2017, 12:37 pm I’ve been at the United Nations this week for both the 14th Session of the Committee of Experts on International… taxes High Taxes and Big Government Won't Improve a Poor Nation's Economy By: Daniel J. Mitchell - @danieljmitchell - Apr 14, 2017, 11:59 am The recipe for growth and prosperity isn’t very complicated. Adam Smith provided a very simple formula back in the 1700s.… maras violence in El Salvador The Economic Drive of Mara Gangs in Central America’s Northern Triangle By: Adriana Peralta - @AdriPeraltaM - Apr 14, 2017, 2:59 pm EspañolThe biggest illegal business of El Salvador's maras gang is extortion. It's their main source of income (not, surprisingly, the sale of drugs). One of the biggest challenges the maras are facing is the tendency for its members to leave upon finding economic support elsewhere. According to official figures from the National Anti-Extortion Force, there is an estimated US $390 million of extortion done annually in El Salvador, $200 million in Honduras and $61 million in Guatemala. Extortion results in massive displacement of people, who flee the maras when they don't want to pay. The maras use the money to support their families, bribe guards in prisons, pay lawyers and improve prison conditions — often setting up businesses laundering money in order to do so. Last July, Operation Jaque disarmed part of Mara Salvatrucha. Seventy people were arrested in connection with businesses that Mara Salvatrucha was using to launder funds. Extortion is also a means of territorial control. People living in maras-controlled territories pay for "protection economy," to ensure their safety. In Honduras, it's estimated that 79 percent of small businesses and 80 percent of informal traders are extorted. The transport sector is particularly vulnerable. In El Salvador, 692 drivers were killed between 2011 and 2016. In Guatemala, 498 drivers and 158 collectors were murdered between 2009 and 2011. In Honduras, 84 taxi drivers were killed in 2012 alone. Extortion by the maras fuels a cycle of violence. Breaking the Cycle In order to reduce the impact of extortion, the income of gang members has to be supplemented with something else — usually legal, formal jobs. But getting a job is often difficult or sometimes impossible in some parts of El Salvador if you were born in areas controlled by maras or if you have a tattoo from gang initiation. The League Collegiate Outfitters — a telemarketing service — has decided to break the cycle and offer jobs to former gang members. Twenty-five percent of its employees are former gang members, who also have the option of taking English classes through the company and to obtain financing for purchasing computers for their families. "Our goal is for 25 percent of employees to move to a call center, which means that an operator goes from making $300 to $600 a month," Rodrigo Bolaños, a company executive, explained to El Diario de Hoy in El Salvador. He said the company has grown 20 percent. League Central America is dedicated to making clothes for 3,000 universities in the United States and has approximately 400 employees. In November 2016, the company was recognized by the US Embassy for corporate excellence. "League is dedicated to taking what the community offers and transforming that workforce into a better educated one," Ambassador Jean Manes said. "This company knows that in any solution to El Salvador's security problems, it must include dignified employment, continuing education and the social reintegration of at-risk populations." googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1459522593195-0'); });   In 2010, League began offering classes for its employees who had not finished primary education and in February 2016 began an alliance with the Don Bosco University, offering university programs in its facilities. Ninety employees are reportedly enrolled in college classes. "We see ourselves as a company in the human development business," Bolaños said. "The employees are very enthusiastic because they'll learn enough to make a living." Government approaches to gang culture  Various governments have made plans to address the maras, such as the Strong Hand program in El Salvador, The Broom Plan in Guatemala, and Zero Tolerance in Honduras. These responses don't always include real programs of reintegration into society, nor do they seek to strengthen the rule of law in their countries. Rather, they try to control the maras' behavior. An El Salvador program called Extraordinary Measures — begun in April 2016 and renewed through April 2018 — seeks to control the prisons so that gangs can't control operations on the outside. Among the policies included in the program are not transferring prisoners between penal centers, restrictions on visits and movement within the prison. The transfer of inmates for any kind of court hearing and other judicial acts is also suspended. Read More: Why Activists Should Think Twice about #DeleteUber Read More: Three Myths that Distort US Debate on Immigration Prisons in El Salvador are experiencing 300-percent overpopulation, and several human rights groups are speaking out against the government with claims of prisoner abuse. The Attorney General of the Republic of El Salvador said prisoners are served food in their hands, not in plates, causing outbreaks of contagious diseases that doctors won't come to the prisons to treat. Inmates unable to receive visits from their relatives don't have access to personal hygiene products, made worse by a lack of consistent running water. A reported 130 people pack into cells reportedly only equipped for 28 people. The United States is also experiencing the consequences of the maras. Thousands of people seek to immigrate there illegally, which the United States has combatted through the 2015 Partnership for Prosperity in the Northern Triangle of Central America. The Partnership for Prosperity does nothing to ensure that the principles that ensure a free and prosperous society are strengthened. A check will not stop immigration. Giving money to countries with high rates of corruption in their governments means there's no way to ensure the money is actually reaching its destination. It also doesn't provide a way to integrate gang members into society or to prevent extortion. The evolution of the maras The maras started as youth groups, but mutated into highly sophisticated organizations. The effects of civil wars in Central America continue to shape these territories. Groups born in the United States have migrated to the Northern Triangle due to deportations of illegals. Currently, maras are responsible for murders, acts of violence, violence against women and forced displacement. Some reports estimated that in El Salvador alone there are 70,000 that arrived by sea. Other reports estimated that there are 20,000 gang members in El Salvador and that their network extends to as many as 400,000 people. The same study estimated that there are 22,000 gang members in Guatemala and 12,000 in Honduras. Children and adolescents who immigrated due to the civil wars of their countries and came to live in marginal areas of Los Angeles or New York were incorporated into existing structures. When they returned to their countries after being deported, they established structures similar to those they were raised in. Weekly E-Newsletter Get the latest from PanAm Post direct to your inbox! We will never share your email with anyone. Follow @PanAmPost Loading Load Next Article... Contact - Send us a tip - Sponsorships - Podcasts PanAm Post © 2017 - All Rights Reserved Website Powered by Eficiatech
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Nanosensors Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2021 “Nanosensors – Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. The market research report helps analyze the Nanosensors market on a global basis and also offers forecast and statistics in terms of revenue for the anticipated forecast period 2016 to 2022. This research study offers a detailed overview of the market dynamics that are expected to affect the overall industry in the coming few years. In addition, the study explains the impact of the key factors on the development and growth of the global Nanosensors market through the forecast period. Promising opportunities in the global Nanosensors market have also been mentioned in the study. Global Nanosensors market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Nanosensors To offer a clear understanding of the global Nanosensors market, several questions have been addressed in the research study concerning the growth of the global Nanosensors market. It is also been discussed with respect to projected growth rate of the global Nanosensors market in the near future. Also, depending on the ongoing trend of the market, the region which is anticipated to witness high growth in the next few years is studied in detail. Various aspects are been elucidated including primary application areas, latest trends, leading players operating in the global Nanosensors market, factors which are expected to accelerate the growth, primary challenges faced by the leading players and many more. Get Sample Copy of this Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=64678 The research study further offers a detailed overview of the competitive landscape of the global Nanosensors market and throws light on the key players operating in it. The key players have been highlighted on the basis of various business strategies and the marketing tactics. This helps provide a strong understanding of the overall market. In addition, the financial overview, recent developments, SWOT analysis, product portfolio, and mergers and acquisitions in the market have been discussed in depth. This report on global Nanosensors market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Nanosensors. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Get Discount on this report: https://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=64678 This report studies the global Nanosensors market, analyzes and researches the Nanosensors development status and forecast in North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East & Africa and Latin America. Various key players are discussed in details and a well-informed idea of their popularity and strategies is mentioned. The study segments the market by geography into: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. It provides in-depth forecasts of revenue of the market as a whole as well as each and every application segment. The competitive landscape is mapped depending on product and technology. This study also offers an overview of pricing trends and ancillary factors that will be influencing pricing in the global Nanosensors market. The market study, estimation, and market sizing have been done utilizing a combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches. Some of the key players in global Nanosensors market include Agilent Technologies Inc., Analog devices Inc, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc., Boeing, Dionex Corporation, Dow Corning, Evident Technologies Inc., Honeywell International, Inc., IBM, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Motorola, Nanodevices Inc., OMRON Corporation, Oxonica, Samsung Electronics Co., and Texas Instruments Inc. Products Covered: Mechanical nanosensors Biological nanosensors Chemical nanosensors   Table of Content:- 1 Executive Summary   2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions   3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Product Analysis 3.7 Technology Analysis 3.8 End User Analysis 3.9 Emerging Markets 3.10 Futuristic Market Scenario   4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry   5 Global Nanosensors Market, By Product 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Mechanical nanosensors 5.3 Biological nanosensors 5.4 Chemical nanosensors   6 Global Nanosensors Market, By Technology 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Bottom-Up Assembly 6.3 Molecular Self-Assembly 6.4 Top-Down Lithography   7 Global Nanosensors Market, By End User 7.1 Introduction 7.2 Defense and military 7.3 Aerospace 7.4 Environmental Monitoring 7.5 Healthcare 7.6 Food Management 7.7 Automotive 7.8 Sports 7.9 Other End Users   8 Global Nanosensors Market, By Geography 8.1 North America 8.1.1 US 8.1.2 Canada 8.1.3 Mexico 8.2 Europe 8.2.1 Germany 8.2.2 France 8.2.3 Italy 8.2.4 UK 8.2.5 Spain 8.2.6 Rest of Europe 8.3 Asia Pacific 8.3.1 Japan 8.3.2 China 8.3.3 India 8.3.4 Australia 8.3.5 New Zealand 8.3.6 Rest of Asia Pacific 8.4 Rest of the World 8.4.1 Middle East 8.4.2 Brazil 8.4.3 Argentina 8.4.4 South Africa 8.4.5 Egypt   9 Key Developments 9.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures 9.2 Acquisitions & Mergers 9.3 New Product Launch 9.4 Expansions 9.5 Other Key Strategies   10 Company Profiling 10.1 Agilent Technologies Inc. 10.2 Analog devices Inc 10.3 Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc. 10.4 Boeing 10.5 Dionex Corporation 10.6 Dow Corning 10.7 Evident Technologies Inc. 10.8 Honeywell International, Inc. 10.9 IBM 10.10 Lockheed Martin Corporation 10.11 Motorola 10.12 Nanodevices Inc. 10.13 OMRON Corporation 10.14 Oxonica 10.15 Samsung Electronics Co. 10.16 Texas Instruments Inc For More Enquiry On This Report: https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=64678   Company Overview: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat United States and Global and Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Nanosensors Market, Google News, Nanosensors, Nanosensors market forecast, Nanosensors market research, Nanosensors market research report, Nanosensors market share, Nanosensors market trend, satPRnews, Semiconductor, Semiconductor and Electronics, sensor systems, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Report Explores the Global Linen Cloth 2017 Next PostNext Erythropoietin Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Search Recent Posts Marapharm Ventures Inc. „Marapharm” provides an update of operations in California and announces an acquisition of an approved Conditional Use Permit (CUP) for 29,193 square feet of cannabis located in California. Christina Erickson-Hoffman joins Mike Wrenn, Co. as Vice President of Business Development Tom Dutta Business Leadership Book Soars To No. 1 on Amazon Best Seller List Touchless Sensors Market to Record Sturdy Growth by 2021 Haptics Technology Market Foraying Into Emerging Economies Proudly powered by WordPress
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Civilian Agencies / Air Force, NNSA Conduct Qualification Flight Test on B61-12 Gravity Bomb; Michael Lutton Comments Air Force, NNSA Conduct Qualification Flight Test on B61-12 Gravity Bomb; Michael Lutton Comments Scott Nicholas April 17, 2017 Civilian Agencies, Latest News 26 Views The U.S. Air Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration have evaluated the non-nuclear functions of a gravity bomb during a qualification flight test held at Tonopah Test Range in Nevada. NNSA said Thursday the service branch dropped the B61-12 non-nuclear test assembly from an F-16 aircraft as part of the test to assess the multi-role fighter aircraft’s capacity to transport and deploy the weapon. Brig. Gen. Michael Lutton, principal assistant deputy administrator for military application at NNSA, said the demonstration offers qualification data that can help validate the baseline design of the B61-12 gravity bomb and evaluate the system’s compliance with military requirements. “It reflects the nation’s continued commitment to our national security and that of our allies and partners,” Lutton added. B61-12 is built to consolidate and replace four B61 variants in the country’s nuclear arsenal and NNSA noted that the first production unit is slated to be operational in March 2020. Boeing designed the tail-kit assembly section of the B61-12 as part of a contract with the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center while the Sandia and Los Alamos national laboratories developed hardware that was used in the flight test. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Air Force Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center B61-12 Boeing Brig. Gen. Michael Lutton f-16 featured govcon Los Alamos National Laboratories National Nuclear Security Administration NNSA Sandia National Laboratories Tonopah Test Range Related Articles Motherboard: Trump’s Transition Team Sought Info From NASA on Space Resource Commercialization April 17, 2017 DoD Allocates $163M in Fiscal 2017 Multidisciplinary Research Funds to 23 Projects April 17, 2017 Maj. Gen. Anthony Funkhouser Named USACE Deputy Commanding General for Military & Intl Operations April 17, 2017 Check Also GAO: Federal Agencies’ Annual IDIQ Contract Obligations Exceeded $130B in Fiscal Years 2011-2015 The Government Accountability Office has found that federal agencies spent more than $130 billion per year on … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Motherboard: Trump’s Transition Team Sought Info From NASA on Space Resource Commercialization DoD Allocates $163M in Fiscal 2017 Multidisciplinary Research Funds to 23 Projects Air Force, NNSA Conduct Qualification Flight Test on B61-12 Gravity Bomb; Michael Lutton Comments Maj. Gen. Anthony Funkhouser Named USACE Deputy Commanding General for Military & Intl Operations GAO: Federal Agencies’ Annual IDIQ Contract Obligations Exceeded $130B in Fiscal Years 2011-2015 Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire Kevin Boyle Joins Vencore as SVP & General Counsel; Mac Curtis Comments Parsons Hires Former Leidos, Lockheed Exec as Logistics & Training EVP Within Federal Group Shamlan Siddiqi Named CTO for NTT Data’s Public Sector Unit; Tim Conway Comments DLT Names New CFO as Craig Adler Takes Board Seat; Alan Marc Smith Comments Booz Allen Taps ACT I as Subcontractor on Navy Task Order for F-35 Engineering Support KeyW Finalizes $235M Acquisition of Sotera in Push for Intelligence Community AT&T Names Kay Kapoor President of New Global Public Sector Business DXC Technology Officially Launches From CSC-HPE Enterprise Services Merger AT&T to Build, Support Potential $46B FirstNet Public Safety Network; Kay Kapoor Comments General Dynamics IT President Dan Johnson Inks $140M NATO Information Agency Contract Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz Kevin Boyle Joins Vencore as SVP & General Counsel; Mac Curtis Comments Parsons Hires Former Leidos, Lockheed Exec as Logistics & Training EVP Within Federal Group Shamlan Siddiqi Named CTO for NTT Data’s Public Sector Unit; Tim Conway Comments DLT Names New CFO as Craig Adler Takes Board Seat; Alan Marc Smith Comments Booz Allen Taps ACT I as Subcontractor on Navy Task Order for F-35 Engineering Support KeyW Finalizes $235M Acquisition of Sotera in Push for Intelligence Community @Follow Me Eastern Shipbuilding Group selects Leonardo DRS to supply electric drive systems for @USCG offshore cutters #GovCon https://t.co/xR53y7GT9C1 hour ago Report: @Boeing updates short-range air defense offering for @USArmy #GovCon https://t.co/XOUd73mMgU3 hours ago .@NASA taps @LockheedMartin's Astrotech Space Operations business for commercial payload processing contract #GovCon https://t.co/aMR30MvpTA4 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Flight Navigation System Market 2015-2022 Forecast Research Report Flight Navigation System Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Trend & Forecast Research Report 2015-2022 DecisionDatabases.com offers Flight Navigation System Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global flight navigation system market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). Get FREE Sample Report Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16365 Highlighted below are some prominent market drivers and restraints: A. Market Drivers > Technological advancements > Economic growth in emerging ecomonies > Increasing demand for Next-Gen aircrafts B. Market Restraints > Government norms Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015-2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report covers following company profiles (can be customized as per requirement): Esterline Technologies Corporation Garmin Ltd. Honeywell International Inc. MOOG, Inc. Northrop Grumman Corporation Raytheon Company Rockwell Collins, Inc. Sagem The Boeing Company Universal Avionics Systems Corporation … See the complete TOC and segmentations @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/16365-flight-navigation-system-market-report The report classifies the market into different segments based on flight instruments and application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Flight Navigation System Market Analysis By Flight Instruments 5. Flight Navigation System Market Analysis By Application 6. Flight Navigation System Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of The Flight Navigation System Companies 8. Company Profiles Of The Flight Navigation System Industry Purchase Complete Global Flight Navigation System Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16365 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. Follow us on LinkedIn for our latest upcoming reports – https://www.linkedin.com/company/decisiondatabases-com For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Explore Lithium Hexafluorophosphate Market Outlook 2015-2022 Research Report Next PostNext Global Sulfur Coated Urea Market Research Report: Industry Analysis 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Advanced Electronic Technologies for the intelligence community market is projected to reach US$ 35.34 Bn by 2023, CR Research Algae Products Market is expected to reach US$ 44.7 Bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of more than 5.0% from 2016 to 2023: Credence Research World’s 1st Home Use Remote Control Lumbar/ Cervical Traction Bed by Lumbar Traction M’sia Angina Pectoris Treatment Market is expected to reach USD 12,589.6 Mn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 5.2% from 2016 to 2022: CR Report Strategies used by Apple that can help build small business Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News InTech Aerospace Promotes Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer HOUSTON, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — InTech Aerospace LLC, a steadily growing aviation technical services firm specialized in commercial and government airplane interiors and components, has promoted Mr. Scott Mowery to Chief Operating Officer.  Scott previously held the position of Vice President-Operations for InTech Aerospace and now in the expanded role as C.O.O.  Mr. Mowery will oversee all technical and business operations of InTech and will be the Responsible Officer for the company’s performance for its customers and FAA compliance. Based in Houston TX, InTech Aerospace is poised for continued growth as commercial airlines fleets keep expanding. InTech performs a variety of overhaul, repair, and retrofit chores chiefly on aircraft interiors and related components on fixed-wing aircraft. InTech Aerospace today enjoys a client list that includes regional airlines, mainline carriers, large OEM’s, aircraft leasing companies, government aircraft, and major MRO facilities. Scott Mowery originally joined InTech as Senior Director of Operations & Quality, with a subsequent promotion to VP-Operations. He has 29 years’ total aircraft maintenance experience, including 6 years in aviation maintenance with the US Air Force.  He previously was a General Manager and the Maintenance Production Control Manager for the fleet support division of a major airline. Mr. Mowery is a well-recognized expert in aircraft interiors and numerous other aviation overhaul & repair disciplines, and practices a quality-centered approach with LEAN principles. In addition to extensive USAF training, Scott is also an FAA-licensed Airframe & Powerplant Repairman, and holds the FAA’s Inspection Authorization distinction. InTech’s served markets show strong underpinnings for long-term growth. InTech Aerospace finds itself in a period of unprecedented expansion in commercial aerospace. The airlines’ fleets of large and regional sized planes are expected to double in their numbers in the next 20 years (forecasts by Boeing, Airbus, and FAA), and interiors tend to wear out with heavy use, requiring periodic overhaul and upgrade.  Published reports recently cited over $5 Trillion in new orders for commercial planes through the year 2037, and all of those planes (which will fly for 30 years or more) represent an „Installed Base” of many millions of man-hours of required repairs and refurbishments.  That aftermarket cycle of recurring repairs is where InTech Aerospace predicts its steadiest growth in the next 5 to 10 years. Known as the „interior experts,” InTech Aerospace has teams of highly experienced craftspeople and FAA-licensed aircraft technicians that repair and overhaul virtually everything inside the cabin of an aircraft, including seats, galleys, lavatories, floor panels, sidewalls, overheads, and everything in between. Steve Townes, CEO of InTech’s parent company, said: „Scott Mowery is a well-qualified Officer level leader who has steadily advanced inside InTech Aerospace, leading the team with great performance for our airline and MRO customers.  His long technical career in aircraft MRO has been enhanced in recent years through higher levels of business responsibility.”  InTech Aerospace is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ranger AeroSystems in Greenville SC, an aviation growth platform created by Ranger Aerospace.  Plans are to enhance and expand InTech Aerospace through internal investments and organic growth, entering new lines of technical capacity, expanding geographically, facilities enhancements, and possibly acquiring complementary companies. For more information, see:  www.intechaero.com and www.rangeraerospace.com.  Reach InTech Aerospace at PH (281) 810-4400, or Ranger Aerospace at (864) 329-9000. Forward Looking Statements: The Company from time to time may discuss forward-looking information. Except for factual historical information, all forward looking statements are estimates by the Company’s management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company’s control and may cause actual results to differ materially from management’s expectations. SOURCE Ranger Aerospace CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Engine Valves Market Segments, Opportunity, Growth and Forecast By End-use Industry 2017-2027 Next PostNext Europe Dermatology Diagnostic and Therapeutic Devices Market 2017 Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts DownRiver Plumbers Launches Free Downriver MI Home Water Heater Inspection Suncor Énergie présente le rapport climat Melcor REIT declares April, May and June distributions; announces Q1- 2017 conference call details Suncor Energy releases climate report Suncor Energy releases climate report Proudly powered by WordPress
Las Vegas Sun April 18, 2017 Currently: 74° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup 0 commentary: How technology helps airline industry but fails passengers Nam Y. Huh / AP In this Saturday, Dec. 21, 2013, file photo, travelers check in at the United Airlines ticket counter at Terminal 1 in O’Hare International Airport in Chicago. By Farhad Manjoo, New York Times News Service Monday, April 17, 2017 | 2 a.m. There are many reasons for the sorry state of commercial aviation in America. When it comes to your routinely terrible flight — not to mention the sort of exceptional horror that took place aboard United Airlines Flight 3411 this past weekend — regulatory failures as well as consolidation, which the authorities have allowed to occur unabated for decades, can be blamed. But I come to you as a technology columnist to tell you that technology, too, has failed you. People in Silicon Valley pride themselves on their capacity to upend entrenched industries. Uber defeated taxi cartels. Airbnb made getting a room cheaper and more accessible. Streaming services are undoing the cable business. Yet the airline industry has not just stubbornly resisted innovation to improve customer service — in many ways, technology has only fueled the industry’s race to the bottom. Everything about United Flight 3411 — overselling, underpaying for seats when they are oversold, a cultish refusal to offer immediate contrition, an overall attitude that brutish capitalism is the best that nonelite customers can expect from this fallen world — is baked into the airline industry’s business model. And that business model has been accelerated by tech. Travel search engines rank airlines based on price rather than friendliness or quality of service. Online check-in, airport kiosks and apps allow airlines to serve customers with fewer and fewer workers. What we are witnessing is the basest, ugliest form of tech-abetted, bottom-seeking capitalism — one concerned with prices and profits above all else, with little regard for quality of service, for friendliness, or even for the dignity of customers. “The airline industry has been on a steady downward trajectory when it comes to customer service for nearly 40 years,” said Henry H. Harteveldt, president of Atmosphere Research Group, a travel industry research firm. He noted that American carriers were improving on some metrics — on-time service is up, baggage loss is down and prices keep getting better. What keeps deteriorating are comfort and quality of service for low-end passengers (i.e., most people). Legroom keeps shrinking. Airlines keep tacking on separate fees for amenities we used to consider part of the flight. And customers keep going along with it. “Consumers have shown that they’re willing to put up with an awful lot, including lack of legroom, lack of amenities, mediocre or worse customer service, dirty airplanes and more to save money,” Harteveldt said. “And the airline industry has evolved to meet that desire” for cheap fares. Part of the problem is how we buy tickets today. The whole system is mercilessly transactional. When you search online, you look for price and travel times, and perhaps you consider some airline loyalty program. Customer service — that is, how the airline treats you — isn’t often part of the transaction. As a result, airlines have little incentive to reform themselves. “Airline executives will tell you they don’t view themselves as being service companies,” Harteveldt said. “They want Wall Street to view them as industrial companies, and they want consumers to view them as transportation providers. Customer service is just not what the airlines are about.” You can see this in United’s initial response to what happened on Flight 3411: “I apologize for having to reaccommodate these customers,” Oscar Munoz, United’s chief executive, said in a statement dripping with all the warmth of a ransom note. In a letter to employees, he repeatedly suggested that the customer, not the airline, was at fault. After all, the passenger was offered a bountiful $1,000 in United vouchers for his trouble. It was an offer he couldn’t refuse. As a United spokesman told The Times, the passenger was “asked several times, politely,” for his seat before anyone beat him up. It took two days — and a plunge in United’s stock price — for the airline to offer a real apology. “I want you to know that we take full responsibility and we will work to make it right,” Munoz said in a statement on Tuesday. Can technology improve how airlines work? Some people have ideas for how that may happen. One of them is obvious and sensible: customer reviews. Last year TripAdvisor, the travel reviews site that has become indispensable for hotel bookings, began rating airlines. Its new rankings, released this week, show that overall, airlines get an average rating of 3.7 out of 5 from customers. Emirates and Singapore Airlines are rated the best in the world; two U.S. airlines, JetBlue and Alaska, made TripAdvisor’s Top 10 list. But Delta was the only major U.S. airline to receive TripAdvisor’s seal of approval. United and American Airlines did not meet the site’s minimum threshold, though Bryan Saltzburg, senior vice president for TripAdvisor’s global flight business, said that the two had been improving. One can imagine how such reviews could prompt improvements in airlines. If instead of just price, travel search engines included prominent warnings from reviewers — “This airline might give you a bloody lip while kicking you from your seat, 1-star!” — that could alter travelers’ calculations in booking. “That would be a good idea — a filter on travel search that says, ‘Click this filter and it might cost you a few dollars more, but we’ll bias you toward airlines that treat their customers well,'” said Paul English, co-founder of the travel search company Kayak who now runs another travel startup, Lola. That is small potatoes, though. A bigger disruption would come from altering how we pay for airfares. In the same way that Netflix changed the DVD business by charging a monthly fee, some consultants argue that a membership fee could radically improve flying. “We’ve prototyped a subscription airline in the past, and it basically gets the airline out of the business of reducing service for offering the lowest fares,” said Devin Liddell, principal brand strategist for Teague, a design firm that works with Boeing and other transportation companies. Some startups have tried a monthly subscription model, and none have taken off. But airline startups face high capital costs; a new business model might work, Liddell said, if an established airline tries it as a way to break free from the accepted way of doing things. You might wonder why an airline would dare try such a thing. After all, airlines are doing well; profits are up across the globe, despite your annoyance about flying. But Liddell warned of long-term competition from other kinds of transportation. If self-driving cars make driving easier and more comfortable, midrange flights would face competition. Counting the time it takes to clear airport security and get to and from the airport, it takes just as long to drive between some places — Los Angeles to San Francisco, say — as to fly. If self-driving technology makes driving much more comfortable, too, lots of people might abandon planes for cars, Liddell said. An even longer-term idea is the Hyperloop, Elon Musk’s vision for superfast tunnel travel. It’s a pretty speculative idea, but if it works, airlines would need to radically alter how they work. For now, though, none of that hurts the commercial air business. Airlines are safe from self-driving cars and the Hyperloop. They are content to feed you ever-worse service for lower prices, because that is what the web wants. Your only technological hope for better service is your smartphone camera and the viral push of social networks. If you are violently kicked off your flight, at least your fellow passengers will post a video to Facebook. 0 Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Viewed Trending Why can’t Team Trump remember meetings with Russians? Passion project: Illuminating WWI slaughter of Armenians a vision for Kerkorian Google buys 1,200 acres for data center in Nevada Gauging the Trump effect on energy, environment and land in the West Desiree Reed-Francois announced as new UNLV athletic director Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Music: John Mayer visits T-Mobile Arena Dining: Poke fever at Hawaii's Paina Cafe Music: Boyz II Men in harmony at Mirage Featured Galleries New York City Easter Bonnet Parade White House Easter Egg Roll 121st Boston Marathon More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 17 Mon 18 Tue 19 Wed 20 Thu 21 Fri Happy Hour at Al's Garage Al's Garage Monday beer specials at Murphy’s Law Bar & Grill Murphy's Law The Ugliest Comic in America Plaza Hotel and Casino All events on Monday » Zombie Burlesque V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar All events on Tuesday » Karaoke at Calico Jack's Saloon Calico Jack's Saloon Live music at Napoleon's at Paris Las Vegas Napoleon's 50 Shades! The Musical Parody Bally's Las Vegas | 7:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Neighborhood Cafe North Las Vegas Neighborhood Recreation Center Beatleshow Orchestra Saxe Theater L.A. Comedy Club Bally's Las Vegas All events on Thursday » Happier Hour at Elements Kitchen & Martini Bar Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar Loveshack Fremont Street Experience Nashville Unplugged Club Madrid at Sunset Station All events on Friday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Flight Simulator Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Flight Simulator market is expected to grow from $5.89 billion in 2015 to $8.03 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 4.5%. Adoption of virtual training to ensure aviation safety, raising demand for new military and commercial pilots and the need for cost-cutting of pilot training are the factors influencing the global flight simulator market growth. Furthermore, environmental issues and high fuel costs are driving aviation industry to adopt simulation training. On the other hand, high complexity of flight simulator systems is restraining the market. By application, the military segment commands the flight simulator market with prominent share and is projected to continue its supremacy over the next seven years, while the commercial segment is anticipated to grow at a higher CAGR during the forecast period. The market for military simulators is mainly driven by their use in mission training and armed forces training. North America commands the global market, whereas the market in the Asia-Pacific is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR. The aviation industry in the Asia-Pacific region is projected to witness strong growth over the forecast period. The favorable growth is attributed to the rising demand for new aircraft deliveries and growing air traffic in this region. Some of the key players in global flight simulator market include Airbus Group N.V., ATC Flight Simulator, CAE Inc., Command Sims. Pvt. Ltd., Flightsafety International Inc., FRASCA International Inc., Indra Sistemas, S.A., L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Lockheed Martin, Mechtronix, Moog Inc., Rockwell Collins, Inc., Simteq B.V, Softeks, Thales Group, The Boeing Company, The Raytheon Company, and TRU Simulation + Training. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/flight-simulator-market Type of Flights Covered: • Fixed Wing Simulator • Rotary Wing Simulator • Unmanned Aircraft Simulator Commercial Flight Components Covered: • Flight Training Devices • Full Flight Simulator • Fixed Based Simulator • Other Commercial Flight Components Military Flight Components Covered: • Flight Training Devices • Full Flight Mission Simulator • Full Flight Simulator • Other Military Flight Components Applications Covered: • Military • Commercial Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/flight-simulator-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious JinkoSolar is Promoting the B20 Policy Paper as Co-Chair of the B20 German ECRE Next PostNext TIMEZ5 Global Inc: Five Trends for this Ramadan 2017 Search Recent Posts Criminal Victimization, 2015 Determining the Optimal Number of Interview Waves in a Panel Survey with Application to the NCVS: Evaluation and Recommendations Jails in Indian Country, 2015 State-Administered Indigent Defense Systems, 2013 Publicly Funded Forensic Crime Laboratories: Quality Assurance Practices, 2014 Proudly powered by WordPress
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines April 14, 2017 | F-35A to Make First Training Deployment to Europe April 13, 2017 | Errant Strike Kills at Least 18 Syrian Coalition Fighters April 12, 2017 | Air Force Opts to Keep F-16s Flying for Decades Longer April 11, 2017 | Mattis: Cruise Missile Attack on Syria Was One-Off Mission April 10, 2017 | Coast Guard Vital to Anti-Drug Ops in Latin America: Navy Admiral Search for: Home Air Air Force Opts to Keep F-16s Flying for Decades Longer TOPICS:air defenseAir ForceF-15F-16F-22F-35fighter jetLockheed Martin An F-16 undergoes durability testing in Lockheed Martin's Full Scale Durability Test facility in Fort Worth, Texas. (Photo: Lockheed Martin). Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk April 12, 2017 The Air Force has authorized Lockheed Martin Corp. to extend the life of the F-16 multi-role fighter for decades longer, officials announced Wednesday. The modification program would boost the overall flight hours of the jet from 8,000 to 12,000, Lockheed said in a release. “Following F-16 Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) structural modifications, the U.S. Air Force could safely operate Block 40-52 aircraft to 2048 and beyond,” the release said. The world’s largest defense contractor, based in Bethesda, Maryland, said the move would also lower life sustainment costs on the jet, but didn’t provide a projected savings figure. The program would extend the flight hour limit of up to 300 F-16C/D Block 40-52 aircraft, and would supplement both U.S. and allied combat air fleets as they integrate with the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the announcement said.   The Air Force issued a solicitation last year for companies interested in participating in SLEP for the F-16 fleet, according to Air Force Magazine. “Combined with F-16 avionics modernization programs like the F-16V, SLEP modifications demonstrate that the Fighting Falcon remains a highly capable and affordable 4th Generation option for the U.S. Air Force and international F-16 customers,” said Susan Ouzts, vice president of Lockheed Martin’s F-16 program. The latest update comes after Air Force officials have said the F-16 is intended to replace the F-15C/D variants. Both the active-duty component and Air National Guard are considering retiring the Boeing-made Eagle, service officials told the House Armed Services Subcommittee during a hearing on March 22. The F-16 Fighting Falcon could take over missions from the F-15, they said. “Because they’re talking about retiring aircraft that are in the Guard, those are primarily the ones that would be doing the air sovereignty mission, the U.S. air defense,” a defense analyst in Washington, D.C. told Military.com on background recently. RELATED: Did the Air Force Dash Hopes for Building More F-22s? “You don’t need a sophisticated fighter for that,” he said of the mission, headed by Northern Command, to dispatch planes when they get to close to U.S. borders, need to go up and identify an aircraft, or escort, for example, a civilian plane out of a temporarily restricted fly zone. “The F-16 could fit into that role well even if it’s not optimized for air superiority” beyond that mission, he added. That same week, officials at Lockheed told DefenseOne it plans to move the F-16 production line to South Carolina from Fort Worth, Texas, where it built the single-engine fighters for more than 40 years. As of Sept. 30, the Air Force had 949 Fighting Falcons, according to Air Force inventory figures obtained by Military.com. The Air Force claims it has the capacity in the F-16C community “to recapitalize … radar to serve the same function as the F-15 has done and thereby reduce the different systems that we have to sustain and operate, so that makes it more efficient,” said Maj. Gen. Scott D. West, director of current operations and the service’s deputy chief of staff for operations at the Pentagon. The effort will help minimize the number of systems pilots operate, West said during the hearing on Capitol Hill. Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Air Force’s Huey Replacement Program Proposal Pushed Back Air Force Opens $16 Billion Trainer Aircraft Competition F-35 May Require More Sophisticated Supply Chain U.S. Military Aircraft to Defend ‘Moderate’ Syrian Rebels Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 18, 2:46 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Political Capital Corporate Lobbyists Funnel Cash To House Democrats Amid Push To Pass Trump’s Business Initiatives By Andrew Perez (MapLight) AND David Sirota @davidsirota On 04/17/17 AT 11:43 PM Close Corporate lobbyists are taking on a larger role in the Democratic Party’s fundraising efforts as it seeks to regain control of Congress, according to documents reviewed by MapLight and International Business Times. The cash infusion comes as House Democrats face pressure to break from their party and support Trump administration initiatives that could benefit the lobbyists’ clients. A filing last week by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) shows four corporate lobbyists raised more than $380,000 for the organization -- the primary campaign arm for Democratic House candidates -- between January and March. The three-month figure is nearly four times as much as the amount lobbyists raised for the DCCC during the entire 2016 election cycle. In all, the DCCC reported raising $31 million in the first quarter of 2017. Since the election, the question of whether Democrats should embrace or spurn business interests has been a point of contention in the lingering feud between the party’s centrist officials, most of whom backed Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, and supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, a Vermont independent who challenged the former secretary of state for the Democratic nomination. Last year, the Democratic National Committee ended its ban on lobbyist donations, which was put in place by former President Barack Obama. The decision angered many Sanders voters, who saw it as a move to boost Clinton’s fundraising in the primary race. In the wake of Clinton’s loss to Trump, progressives have pushed the party once again to reject lobbyist cash. Although the DCCC never prohibited lobbyist donations, the committee reported only about $100,000 in funds bundled by lobbyists in all of 2015 and 2016, according to a MapLight review of campaign finance records. Three of the lobbyists who have been collecting checks for the DCCC were major Clinton donors and fundraisers -- accounting for about $1.7 million in donations to the Clinton campaign and its joint fundraising account with the DNC and state parties. Some of their clients could have interests in legislative measures before the House of Representatives. Tony Podesta, who founded the Podesta Group lobbying firm, has raised $131,000 for the DCCC and donated $5,000 to the committee so far this year. His client list includes Walmart, Wells Fargo, as well as defense contractors Lockheed Martin and BAE Systems. Trump and House Republicans have promised to repeal the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform legislation passed after the 2008 financial crisis -- and House Democratic votes could be crucial to any repeal effort. Lobbying disclosures show Podesta’s firm has lobbied for Wells Fargo on “financial services regulation. The Podesta Group also lobbied on Dodd-Frank for the BMO Financial Corporation and the Investment Company Institute, a trade association representing the mutual fund industry. Trump is expected to seek Democratic House votes for measures to lower the corporate tax rate. Federal records show that in 2016, Podesta lobbied for Credit Suisse Securities, Oracle and Wal-Mart on the issue of “corporate tax reform.” Democrats have called for an investigation into the Trump administration’s links to Russia’s government. Podesta was hired to lobby for Sberbank, a Russian state-owned bank, during the 2016 election. He has also registered to lobby for at least six foreign governments, including Saudi Arabia and Iraq. Podesta bundled $450,000 for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee in 2016. His brother, John, was a former White House chief of staff for President Bill Clinton and chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. Steve Elmendorf, who has raised $55,000 for the DCCC, leads the lobbying and public relations firm Subject Matter. His firm has lobbied on Dodd-Frank implementation for clients that include Goldman Sachs, MetLife and at least three financial industry trade associations. One of Elmendorf’s clients, CIT Group, recently gave Steven Mnuchin an $11 million payout upon his being appointed Treasury Secretary by Trump. Elmendorf also recently lobbied for General Electric and News Corporation on the issue of corporate tax policy. Congress is now considering legislation to strengthen airline passenger rights, after a senior citizen was bloodied, knocked semi-conscious and forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight to make room for a company employee. The efforts could face opposition from the industry trade group Airlines for America, another Elmendorf client. "We helped America's airline industry connect with policymakers," his firm’s website boasts. Another lobbyist, Vincent Roberti, Sr., has raised more than $88,000 for the DCCC year. He, too, has lobbied for Airlines for America. In recent months, Roberti has also lobbied on behalf of Citigroup, Pfizer, Boeing and AT&T. Unlike his colleagues, David Thomas, a partner at Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, didn’t collect money for Clinton’s 2016 committees. He’s been an active fundraiser for the DCCC this year, though, raising almost $106,000. Thomas has lobbied for Chevron, Humana, and United Technologies Corporation. In 2011, the Santa Fe New Mexican reported that New Mexico Rep. Ben Ray Lujan planned to decline donations from lobbyists. Lujan, who currently chairs the DCCC, quickly reversed course. The DCCC and the lobbyists raising money for the committee did not respond to requests for comment. This story is a collaboration between International Business Times' David Sirota and MapLight's Andrew Perez. More Political Capital New Bill Would Stop Airlines From Forcibly Removing Passengers By David Sirota Democratic Sen. Chris Van Hollen says video of the United passenger being dragged from the plane spotlights a "widespread problem" — and that Congress must act. United Spent Big To Fight Policies That Protect Passengers By Frank Bass (MapLight) and David Sirota The now-embattled airline gave millions to key lawmakers. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business What Will United Airlines Tell Investors After The Dragged-Passenger Disaster? Investors who are listening in on United's earnings call Tuesday morning expect an explanation of a new policy to prevent a PR catastrophe like the one the airline has suffered since April 9. Technology Blizzard Fixes ‘Overwatch’ Loot Box Exploit Blizzard is updating “Overwatch” to prevent players from cheating their way to winning Loot Boxes. World Japan Planning To Deploy Troops Amid North Korea Threats The Japanese government wants to recognize Pyongyang’s missile fall in Japan’s territorial waters as an obvious threat of military aggression. National Trump To Sign Executive Order Targeting H1-B Visas President Donald Trump will sign the "Buy American, Hire American" executive order Tuesday in Kenosha, Wisconsin. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
NASA invest $9.9M in University of Tennessee-led team - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities NASA invest $9.9M in University of Tennessee-led team 2017-04-17T10:08:50Z2017-04-17T10:08:50Z KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - A research team led by the University of Tennessee Knoxville has received a $9.9 million grant from NASA toward the development of a more aerodynamically capable aircraft. The Knoxville News Sentinel reports (http://bit.ly/2pswiFU ) the grant is part of a $50 million investment in university researchers studying aviation innovation. UT assistant professor Jim Coder is the lead researcher on the project. He says the team is focusing on creating a more aerodynamic airplane wing to reduce energy use and make aircrafts more efficient. The research will take place over the next five years. The team includes contributors from Penn State University, Texas A&M University, the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Old Dominion University, the University of Wyoming, Boeing Corporation and PCC Airfoils. Information from: Knoxville News Sentinel, http://www.knoxnews.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 4 months after opening, Izakaya restaurant closes 4 months after opening, Izakaya restaurant closes Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 11:40 PM EDT2017-04-18 03:40:40 GMT (SOURCE: submitted) Just four short months after it opened its doors, a Memphis fine dining restaurant announced it will be closing.More >> Just four short months after it opened its doors, a Memphis fine dining restaurant announced it will be closing.More >> Students taken to new heights at flight academy Students taken to new heights at flight academy Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 11:06 PM EDT2017-04-18 03:06:33 GMT (SOURCE: YouTube) A FedEx pilot is taking students to new heights with a free trip to an academy where they learn from the professionals.  More >> A FedEx pilot is taking students to new heights with a free trip to an academy where they learn from the professionals. More >> Woman's body discovered in Olive Branch sparks death investigation Woman's body discovered in Olive Branch sparks death investigation Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 10:45 PM EDT2017-04-18 02:45:31 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A death investigation is underway after police found a woman's body in Olive Branch.More >> A death investigation is underway after police found a woman's body in Olive Branch.More >> Man in critical condition, 19-year-old on the run following shooting Man in critical condition, 19-year-old on the run following shooting Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 10:38 PM EDT2017-04-18 02:38:22 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A man was shot multiple times Monday night in the 1400 block of Hemlock Street. Memphis Police Department said the man was rushed to Regional Medical Center in critical condition after the shooting that took place at approximately 8 p.m.More >> A man was shot multiple times Monday night in the 1400 block of Hemlock Street. Memphis Police Department said the man was rushed to Regional Medical Center in critical condition after the shooting that took place at approximately 8 p.m.More >> Mid-South groups prepare for 'a day without immigrants' Mid-South groups prepare for 'a day without immigrants' Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 10:34 PM EDT2017-04-18 02:34:57 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Several groups across the Mid-South are preparing to host a day without immigrants.  More >> Several groups across the Mid-South are preparing to host a day without immigrants. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 14 C Harare Tuesday, April 18, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Opinion Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed Opinion Popular Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed Apr 13, 2017 5 8521 By Ken Mufuka My research interest was in finding the Methodist connection with early African nationalism. From South Africa came Enoch Sontonga, a Shangani who bequeathed to us the anthem: Nkosi Sikelela iAfrica. Another giant who walked on this earth was Chief Albert Lithuli, president of the African National Congress (ANC), 1952-1967. Born in Zimbabwe at Hope Fountain Mission, Lithuli and his widowed mother settled at Endendale Methodist Mission in Natal. Both served as teachers and lay pastors in the Methodist faith. Lithuli biographer says that he was intolerant of hatred and adamant that the struggle for human dignity in South Africa should follow a non-violent path. His book, Let My People Go (1960) was regarded as offering a bridge between his native African culture and the Eurocentric culture, which dominated the world at the time. His acceptance of the Nobel Peace Prize (1960) further alienated the Dutch racists in South Africa, who plotted his murder. It was Lithuli’s insistence against hatred of the Dutch racists that led to a breach in the ANC and the formation of the Pan Africanist Congress (PAC). The PAC’s appeal to the African youth was the belief that the only thing that a Dutchman understood was a bullet in the head. Here is the connection between the old and the new, personified in the person of South African President Jacob Zuma whose appeal and ideology, solidified in the Umkonto weSizwe, is expressed in his anthem: Bring me my machine gun. None of my hosts were familiar with Sontongo and Chief Lithuli who seemed to them like shadowy figures in the distant past. My taxi driver was enthusiastic about Zuma and was acquainted with the Economic Freedom Fighters. Events in South Africa inexorably diverted my attention to the bitter narrative that hangs on Zuma like an albatross. The narrative is that blacks (called Bantus in whispers) are indifferent to economic husbandry and that anybody other than an African will do well to handle the treasury. Therefore, the presence of Pravin Gordhan, of Asian origin, at the South African treasury, was a must, otherwise one day South Africa will wake up to find the treasury has been emptied. Gordhan made his entry into South African politics through the Natal Indian Congress, an offshoot of Mahatma Gandhi’s Indian Congress. If there is truth in this supposedly self-evident truth, and South Africa goes the way of Zimbabwe, then Africa is doomed. One of my hosts was a youngish white business couple that had migrated to Australia, in their wisdom, to escape the coming doom. They confirmed that there was a huge “capital migration” from South Africa — he was, but one example. Zuma has been implicated in the defence procurement scandals of 1999. When his financial advisor, Shabir Shaik, was thrown in jail for corruption in 2005, then president Thabo Mbeki removed Zuma from the vice presidency of the Republic. Zuma’s trial in 2006 for sexual abuse lasted several months further blackening his name. The Zulus have a different interpretation. There was bad blood between Mbeki and Zuma partly because Mbeki took liberties (assumed to be of a sexual nature) with Nkosazana Zuma (Zuma’s wife) who was foreign minister then. Mbeki, who saw himself as a philosopher king, despised Zuma, whose formal education is, but a bare thread. Zuma, married to four wives and with 20 children, claims to have a philosophy. This is the heart of the contention, that Afrocentric leaders are incapable of appreciating a constitutional form of government, which places limits on the ruler. That these nepotistic politicians serve their families and friends comes with the territory. State of Capture is a report by the Public Protector on the relationship between Zuma, son Duduzane and three Indian migrants, the Guptas. Within a short time, the Gupta brothers acquired a bank, a television station and an investment instrument. It is their non-transparent financial transactions that have provoked a crisis of confidence in the country itself. The Public Protector concluded that their influence on the Zuma family amounts to a stranglehold and that affairs of State are filtered through this nefarious family first, by-passing State institutions and the ANC. One example will suffice. Vytjie Mentor claimed that she was offered a job by the Guptas on condition she cancelled the South African Airways (SAA) flights to India. This story explains why Nick Bezuidenhout (35) a whiz kid at SAA was forced to leave and also why the parastatal engaged in unprofitable ventures. SAA’s collaboration with Lufthansa is profitable to the Germans, but drains passengers away from SAA. A Charlotte-Johannesburg ticket bought through SAA costs US$1 000 more than one bought through Lufthansa. As a result, a SAA 350-seat 747 Boeing from Munich to Johannesburg had less than 100 passengers. The Public Protector cites examples of similar style management at the electricity commission (Eskom) where Gupta Teget officials are in an incestuous relationship with Eskom managers. The narrative surrounding the management of South African parastatals reads like an old story to Zimbabweans. Eskom is like ZESA Holdings. SAA is like Air Zimbabwe. South African Railways is like the National Railways of Zimbabwe (NRZ). Let us start by sending a girlfriend or a relative to such and such parastatal. Just for the heck of it, we can send another relative of a chef to ZESA. At NRZ, the board chairperson, Alvord Mabhena is informed by the national radio that he has been replaced by someone else. I woke up in Munich. It was all a dream. TAGS Enoch Sontonga Jacob Zuma Ken Mufuka Thabo Mbeki Previous articleI want my goblins: Sangoma threatens prophet who took them Next articleFormer Bulawayo deputy mayor challenges dismissal at High Court Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR South Africa mourns the death of Ontlametse Phalatse Zuma unfazed by opposition South African President Jacob Zuma: Protesters racists Amir Point of Correction: SONTONGA not SONTONGO. Was a Xhosa not a Shangani Africanson Bro Ken we were doomed 15 years ago. Come to Harare and see for yourself. Kenneth Mufuka Thanks Brother Amir and brother Africanson. Amir, you know how Europeans spelled our names, and our Zulu brothers knew nothing about these two African giants, Sontonga and Lithuli. For Africanson, we must go through a Chiluba transitional period because all the good men have been driven out or are in hiding. I try (against my observation) to have hope. PEACE my brothers. Mukoma Ken Eric Langalakhe Mahamba-Sithol Prof, please check if indeed Inkosi Albert Luthuli was born at Hope Fountain Mission because he is said (in publications and by his offspring) to have been born at Solusi Mission. Ken Mufuka Thanks Brother Eric- you are correct on both accounts. The manuscripts do say that he was born at a Seventh Day Adventist and his father died when he was ten. However, the next time I hear of him is in South Africa, at a mission station associated with Methodists-Endendale in Natal. I visited his grave. It was very sad. Nobody took care of the grass. PEACE Mukoma Ken Most Read Today When the super-rich divorce, gloves come off 4,821 views | 4 comments He’s mine too: Smallhouse invades lover’s house, orders wife to sleep on the floor 3,889 views | 55 comments WhatsApp profile pictures war. . . Obsessed ex puts ex-boyfriends’ kids as profile pic 3,347 views | 8 comments Zimdollar return imminent 3,182 views | 0 comments Deadly violence shakes Zanu PF 2,792 views | 4 comments Follow us on Facebook EDITOR PICKS Murape falls prey to hooligans Apr 18, 2017 Businessman sues minister for $20 000 for unlawful arrest Apr 18, 2017 Villagers retrieve body parts from killer crocodile Apr 18, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Baby tortured by maid in Uganda still alive Nov 22, 2014 I am not white: Zanu PF MP Mar 26, 2017 South Africa’s President Jacob Zuma sacks finance minister Mar 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News25508 Politics6771 Opinion4154 Popular3946 Sports3829 Local3653 Crimes & Courts3314 Showbiz3310 Business2590 ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine InternationalNews White House Turns Up Heat, but Rejects ‘Red Lines’ for North Korea EconomyNews Conservative Says Trump’s Export-Import Bank Nominations Could Bring in Era of Reforms EconomyCommentary Seattle Ordinance Limiting Landlord Rights Undermines Economic Liberty and Should Be Rescinded EconomyCommentary We Hear You: ‘I Also Had My Signature Forged by SEIU’   SocietyNews Labor Group Declares Itself a ‘Sanctuary Union’ for Illegal Immigrants  SecurityCommentary Hefty Drop in Border Arrests a Credit to Trump’s Enforcement of US Law  SocietyNews 5 Takeaways From Jeff Sessions’ Border Enforcement Trip  SecurityCommentary Jeff Sessions Delivers Sweeping Reforms to Protect the Border and US Citizens  PoliticsFeature In Jim Jordan They Trust: Back Home, Voters Put Faith in Obamacare Foe Health Care News Health Care Talks Continue as Republicans Face Questions on Obamacare Repeal Health Care Commentary We Hear You: The GOP, the Freedom Caucus, and Repealing Obamacare Health Care Commentary Understanding High-Risk Pools as Part of Obamacare Replacement Politics Commentary Why We Have Mitch McConnell to Thank for Justice Neil Gorsuch Law News Gorsuch Joins the Supreme Court With Nod to Scalia Law News 4 Lessons Conservatives Should Learn From Getting Gorsuch Through Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch to Fill Supreme Court Vacancy at Critical Time for the Nation International Commentary New Turmoil in Middle East Makes Sisi-Trump Ties Even More Important Security Commentary 16 Years After 9/11, Gaps in Information Sharing Still Plague Law Enforcement  International News Republican Lawmakers Expect Role for Congress in Military Force Against Syria International Commentary After Missile Strike in Syria, Trump Must Avoid Mission Creep Security Feature ‘Peace, but Not at Any Cost’: Ukrainians Brace for More War, and Unrest Security News US Cruise Missiles and an EU Vote Deal Putin 2 Setbacks in 1 Day Security Feature A Century After the US Entered World War I, Modern-Day Trench Warfare Continues in Ukraine Security Feature In Ukraine, Russia Weaponizes Fake News to Fight a Real War EconomyNews Conservative Says Trump’s Export-Import Bank Nominations Could Bring in Era of Reforms Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / April 17, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print President Donald Trump intends to nominate former Rep. Scott Garrett, R-N.J., to serve as president of the Export-Import Bank, and former Rep. Spencer Bachus, R-Ala., to serve on its board of directors. The president has reversed his stance on Ex-Im, which he criticized during the campaign, but now says is a "very good thing." (Photo: Ron Sachs-CNP/Sipa USA/Newscom) Following President Donald Trump’s decision to nominate two former congressmen to key posts with the Export-Import Bank, conservatives are looking now to a new era of reforms that may take place within the agency with new leadership. But while some are hoping to see changes take place within the 84-year-old agency, there are concerns that a reversal in Trump’s position on Ex-Im could dampen efforts to shutter the bank. The president will nominate former Rep. Scott Garrett, a Republican from New Jersey, to a four-year term as Ex-Im’s president, and former Rep. Spencer Bachus, a Republican from Alabama, to the bank’s board of directors. Both nominations require Senate confirmation. Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, one of the most vocal opponents of Ex-Im, said he believes Garrett and Bachus would “steer the institution towards reform.” “Having worked with both of these gentlemen so closely on the Financial Services Committee, I am hopeful they will safeguard taxpayer dollars and put an end to the bank’s well-documented management failures,” Hensarling, R-Texas, said in a statement. “With Ex-Im so captured by special interests, the president was right to choose principled leaders like these to safeguard the agency against further mission creep, fraud, waste, and abuse.” Having chaired the House Financial Services Committee from 2011 to 2013, Bachus’ selection for Ex-Im’s board of directors is a traditional pick for Trump. But it’s Garrett’s nomination to lead the controversial agency, which has been in conservatives’ crosshairs for the last five years, that is raising eyebrows. Garrett is a founding member of the House Freedom Caucus, a group of hard-line conservatives in the lower chamber, and the former New Jersey congressman has fiercely opposed the agency he’s now been tapped to oversee, having voted against its reauthorization twice. During a floor speech in October 2015, Garrett criticized Ex-Im as an agency “that embodies the corruption of the free enterprise system.” “The Export-Import Bank transformed the role of government from a disinterested referee in the economy into a biased actor that uses your taxpayer dollars to tilt the scales in favor of its friends,” he said at the time, “and it mocks the American dream by making victims of the startups that dare to compete.” Ex-Im provides taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign countries and companies for the purchase of U.S. products. If confirmed, Garrett could usher in a series of reforms at the bank, particularly given his past opposition to Ex-Im. But in Bachus, the bank has a supporter. The former Alabama congressman co-sponsored the 2012 bill reauthorizing the bank and has touted Ex-Im in the past as a tool that helps small businesses “compete and win in the global marketplace.” Many conservatives who oppose the bank hoped that a Trump presidency would mean the end of the agency. During an interview on the campaign trail in 2015, then candidate-Trump called Ex-Im “feather bedding” for some politicians and companies. But in an interview with The Wall Street Journal last week, the president reversed his stance and said the bank is a “very good thing.” “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies,” Trump said. “But also, maybe more important, other countries give [assistance]. When other countries give it we lose a tremendous amount of business.” His about-face and his move to fill these two positions at the bank have some Ex-Im opponents concerned. “This just confirms my worst fears,” Veronique de Rugy, a senior fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, told The Daily Signal, “which is that President Trump will just listen to the business interests more than he will listen to the free market advocates, and that’s disconcerting.” “The problem is there’s nothing you can do to make the bank acceptable,” she continued. For the last five years, Hensarling and other conservatives have been working to kill the bank. Ex-Im opponents believe the bank is an engine of cronyism and corporate welfare, and say that the bank’s financing benefits a small handful of large corporations, such as Boeing, General Electric, and Caterpillar. Conservatives succeeded in their efforts to close Ex-Im’s doors in 2015, when the bank’s charter lapsed for the first time in its history. But the agency was ultimately reauthorized in December 2015. Since then, it’s been crippled in its ability to approve high-dollar transactions because of vacant seats on its board of directors. The bank’s charter requires the board to have a quorum, or three of its five members, to approve deals worth more than $10 million. Just two of those five seats are currently filled, despite President Barack Obama sending the Senate nominations to the board late in his term. Those nominations were held up by former Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby, R-Ala., who opposed Ex-Im. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall St rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Apr 17, 2017 | 3:34pm EDT US STOCKS-Wall St rises as earnings take focus from geopolitics * S&P 500 tech sector set to snap 10-day losing streak * 1st-Qtr S&P 500 profits estimated to have risen 10.4 pct * Amazon up after Credit Suisse raises price target * Dow up 0.83 pct, S&P 500 up 0.80 pct, Nasdaq up 0.81 pct (Updates to late afternoon) By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK, April 17 U.S. stocks rose on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally lead by recently beaten-down bank and tech shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. S&P 500 component Netflix, due to report results after the bell, was up 2.6 percent at $146.68. "We could exit this earnings season with double-digit growth, and that’s the only data we should care about," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. On Friday, a U.S. market holiday but not a government holiday, data showed U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, pointing to a loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. In later afternoon trading on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 169.82 points, or 0.83 percent, to 20,623.07, the S&P 500 gained 18.74 points, or 0.80 percent, to 2,347.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 47.04 points, or 0.81 percent, to 5,852.19. The technology sector of the S&P 500 was on track to close up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials could end up for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Amazon was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 1.9 percent to $901.48 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing, sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.8 percent to $178.77. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.39-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.99-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 28 new highs and 46 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round * Did not participate in first round, not doing due diligence (Adds comments from head of the fund) South Africa's Sibanye to raise $1 billion in equity for Stillwater deal JOHANNESBURG, April 18 South African miner Sibanye Gold plans to tap shareholders for about $1 billion to partly fund a takeover of U.S.-based Stillwater Mining Co, it said on Tuesday, a day after the deal secured a U.S. regulatory approval. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street rallies in low volume led by banks, tech Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Apr 18, 2017 | 3:30am IST Wall Street rallies in low volume led by banks, tech left right Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 1/2 left right A street sign for Wall Street is seen outside the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly 2/2 By Rodrigo Campos | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday after the S&P 500 closed the previous session at a two-month low, in a broad rally led by recently beaten-down bank and technology shares. Market focus shifted from geopolitical tension to earnings, with several Dow components, including Goldman Sachs, General Electric and Johnson & Johnson, scheduled to release results later this week. Stock trading volume was the lightest for a single session so far this year. Stocks rebounded after investors last week sought safe-haven assets due to geopolitical tensions, mainly out of Syria and North Korea. "The market started out on an up note because we went through the weekend without significant global turmoil," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia. "This is the unwinding (of) the defensiveness with which we went into the long weekend." Tuz said strong bank earnings last week kept the group in investors' favor, and there is support for stocks from expectations that overall earnings for the S&P 500 will be "pretty robust." At the closing bell on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 20.06 points, or 0.86 percent, to 2,349.01 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 51.64 points, or 0.89 percent, to 5,856.79. The technology sector of the S&P 500 .SPRLCT closed up for the first time in 11 sessions. Financials rose for the second time in the same period. Profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.4 percent in the latest quarter, the first double-digit percentage growth since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. S&P 500 component Netflix (NFLX.O), which reported results after the bell, was up 3.0 percent to $147.25 during the regular session but fell 2.1 percent after the bell. Amazon (AMZN.O) was the largest points gainer on the S&P 500, up 2.0 percent to $901.99 after Credit Suisse raised its price target to $1,050 from $900. Credit Suisse also raised its price target on Boeing (BA.N), sending the aircraft maker's shares up 1.9 percent to $179.02. Incyte Corp (INCY.O) tumbled 10.5 percent to $126.07, while Eli Lilly (LLY.N) dropped 4.1 percent to $82.38 after the companies said on Friday the U.S. drug regulator declined to approve a new drug for rheumatoid arthritis from the two partners. Despite the refocus on earnings, the market could still be rattled by geo-political sabre-rattling. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday, warning that recent U.S. military strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.93-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.36-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 32 new highs and 49 new lows. About 5.31 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Dan Grebler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Pence kicks off Japan talks, seeking to boost trade TOKYO U.S. Vice President Mike Pence kicked off talks with Japan on Tuesday the White House hopes will open doors for U.S. goods and attract infrastructure investment, after seeking to reassure Washington's key ally amid rising tensions over North Korea. Manufacturing and retail recovery drives China's solid Q1 growth BEIJING A recovery in China's industrial sector, which accounts for about one-third of the economy, drove China's better-than-expected first quarter economic growth as export orders picked up and steel output hit a record. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Hardline Hindu youth call the shots on streets of Uttar Pradesh Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Qatar Airways CEO: Laptop ban doesn’t make flying safer Qatar Airways CEO: Laptop ban doesn’t make flying safer Posted on Monday, April 17, 2017 by CNN in Business News A major Middle East airline says the ban on large electronic devices on flights from the region is a waste of time. In a move that caught the aviation industry by surprise, President Trump’s administration last month banned passengers from carrying anything larger than a smartphone on some flights to the U.S., citing security concerns. “I didn’t think this ban was necessary at all,” Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. “People who want to disrupt aviation will do it from other places where there is no ban.” He said the restrictions were rushed and introduced without “proper discussion.” “If [Trump] continues this way, at the end of the day you will have people sitting in the airplane with underwear and nothing [else] on them,” Al Baker told CNNMoney’s Emerging Markets Editor John Defterios. “I don’t think this is really the correct way of solving security problems. In today’s day and age, we have so much advancement in detection systems that we should utilize them.” Qatar Airways has seen a drop in bookings as a result of the ban, which targeted nine airlines flying direct to America from the Middle East and North Africa. “Yes, we have had a drop in passengers but it’s a manageable drop and people have started to realize that there are other ways to use laptops,” Al Baker said. The fall in bookings was less than 10 per flight, he added. Passengers on those flights now have to check in their laptops and tablets or hand them in at the gate for stowing in the hold. A few days after the ban was introduced, the airline said it was offering loaner laptops free to business-class passengers. The other major Gulf carriers hit by the ban, Emirates Airline and Etihad Airways, have introduced similar measures to try to protect their premium passengers. The U.K also hit airlines with an electronics ban on flights from some countries in the Middle East and Africa. But Qatar Airways and the other big Gulf carriers were not affected by the British ban. That has fueled concerns among some business leaders in the Middle East that the U.S. ban may be aimed at disadvantaging Gulf carriers who are accused by their American rivals of benefiting from huge government subsidies. Emirates President Tim Clark told CNNMoney last month he didn’t believe the U.S. was using security concerns as cover to tackle commercial issues. The airline said it supports more than a million U.S. jobs through its flights to the U.S. and orders of Boeing jets. Al Baker, too, said his airline supports the U.S. economy by buying American and investing there. “We are today living in a globalized world and you really cannot close your doors,” said Al Baker. “Trump is not a nationalist, Trump is a pragmatist. He is looking after America first and we are supporting him in America first.” Next up for United: A big drop in profits Qatar Airways CEO slams U.S. electronics ban Related Posts Tom Brady is NFL’s No. 1 player in merchandise sales Late show hosts react to election of Trump with shock and humor Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl show to feature hundreds of drones Nasdaq rejects pot startup MassRoots Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Qatar Airways CEO slams U.S. electronics ban - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Qatar Airways CEO slams U.S. electronics ban Posted: Monday, April 17, 2017 8:01 AM EDT Updated: Monday, April 17, 2017 9:01 AM EDT Airlines that fly from certain countries in the Middle East and Africa to the U.S. must require passengers to check in almost all electronic devices rather than carry them into the cabin, said a U.S. official. Emirates Airline, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways are among 10 airlines which must now prevent passengers flying from the Middle East to the United States from carrying almost all types of electronic devices in the cabin. The Trump administration has ordered nine airlines to stop passengers from bringing most types of electronic devices -- except smartphones -- into the cabin for U.S.-bound flights. Instead, they'll have to check them in. By Zahraa Alkhalisi DUBAI (CNNMoney) -- A major Middle East airline says the ban on large electronic devices on flights from the region is a waste of time. In a move that caught the aviation industry by surprise, President Trump's administration last month banned passengers from carrying anything larger than a smartphone on some flights to the U.S., citing security concerns. "I didn't think this ban was necessary at all," Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. "People who want to disrupt aviation will do it from other places where there is no ban." He said the restrictions were rushed and introduced without "proper discussion." "If [Trump] continues this way, at the end of the day you will have people sitting in the airplane with underwear and nothing [else] on them," Al Baker told CNNMoney's Emerging Markets Editor John Defterios. "I don't think this is really the correct way of solving security problems. In today's day and age, we have so much advancement in detection systems that we should utilize them." Qatar Airways has seen a drop in bookings as a result of the ban, which targeted nine airlines flying direct to America from the Middle East and North Africa. "Yes, we have had a drop in passengers but it's a manageable drop and people have started to realize that there are other ways to use laptops," Al Baker said. The fall in bookings was less than 10 per flight, he added. Passengers on those flights now have to check in their laptops and tablets or hand them in at the gate for stowing in the hold. A few days after the ban was introduced, the airline said it was offering loaner laptops free to business-class passengers. The other major Gulf carriers hit by the ban, Emirates Airline and Etihad Airways, have introduced similar measures to try to protect their premium passengers. The U.K also hit airlines with an electronics ban on flights from some countries in the Middle East and Africa. But Qatar Airways and the other big Gulf carriers were not affected by the British ban. That has fueled concerns among some business leaders in the Middle East that the U.S. ban may be aimed at disadvantaging Gulf carriers who are accused by their American rivals of benefiting from huge government subsidies. Emirates President Tim Clark told CNNMoney last month he didn't believe the U.S. was using security concerns as cover to tackle commercial issues. The airline said it supports more than a million U.S. jobs through its flights to the U.S. and orders of Boeing jets. Al Baker, too, said his airline supports the U.S. economy by buying American and investing there. "We are today living in a globalized world and you really cannot close your doors," said Al Baker. "Trump is not a nationalist, Trump is a pragmatist. He is looking after America first and we are supporting him in America first." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Qatar Airways CEO slams U.S. electronics ban Qatar Airways CEO slams U.S. electronics ban Posted on Monday, April 17, 2017 by CNN in Business News A major Middle East airline says the ban on large electronic devices on flights from the region is a waste of time. In a move that caught the aviation industry by surprise, President Trump’s administration last month banned passengers from carrying anything larger than a smartphone on some flights to the U.S., citing security concerns. “I didn’t think this ban was necessary at all,” Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker told CNNMoney. “People who want to disrupt aviation will do it from other places where there is no ban.” He said the restrictions were rushed and introduced without “proper discussion.” “If [Trump] continues this way, at the end of the day you will have people sitting in the airplane with underwear and nothing [else] on them,” Al Baker told CNNMoney’s Emerging Markets Editor John Defterios. “I don’t think this is really the correct way of solving security problems. In today’s day and age, we have so much advancement in detection systems that we should utilize them.” Qatar Airways has seen a drop in bookings as a result of the ban, which targeted nine airlines flying direct to America from the Middle East and North Africa. “Yes, we have had a drop in passengers but it’s a manageable drop and people have started to realize that there are other ways to use laptops,” Al Baker said. The fall in bookings was less than 10 per flight, he added. Passengers on those flights now have to check in their laptops and tablets or hand them in at the gate for stowing in the hold. A few days after the ban was introduced, the airline said it was offering loaner laptops free to business-class passengers. The other major Gulf carriers hit by the ban, Emirates Airline and Etihad Airways, have introduced similar measures to try to protect their premium passengers. The U.K also hit airlines with an electronics ban on flights from some countries in the Middle East and Africa. But Qatar Airways and the other big Gulf carriers were not affected by the British ban. That has fueled concerns among some business leaders in the Middle East that the U.S. ban may be aimed at disadvantaging Gulf carriers who are accused by their American rivals of benefiting from huge government subsidies. Emirates President Tim Clark told CNNMoney last month he didn’t believe the U.S. was using security concerns as cover to tackle commercial issues. The airline said it supports more than a million U.S. jobs through its flights to the U.S. and orders of Boeing jets. Al Baker, too, said his airline supports the U.S. economy by buying American and investing there. “We are today living in a globalized world and you really cannot close your doors,” said Al Baker. “Trump is not a nationalist, Trump is a pragmatist. He is looking after America first and we are supporting him in America first.” Qatar Airways CEO: Laptop ban doesn't make flying safer South Korea's corruption scandal ensnares a 2nd top boss Related Posts Japan’s master of surprise shocks with subzero interest rates What’s wrong with Google? Mitsubishi Motors shares plunge over rigged fuel economy tests China lifts 13-year ban on beef imports from U.S. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Wed, 5 April 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU for Additive Manufacturing Strategic Partnership SIA Engineering (SIAEC) and Stratasys, a 3D printing and additive manufacturing solutions company, have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to establish a strategic partnership specialising in additive manufacturing to accelerate the adoption of 3D printed production parts for commercial aviation. Under the MOU, the parties will explore a joint venture to be majority owned by SIAEC. Together, the parties intend to establish a Singapore-based Additive Manufacturing Service Centre, offering design, engineering, certification support and part production to SIAEC's well-established network of partners and customers.  Mr Png Kim Chiang, Chief Executive Officer of SIAEC, said, "We are delighted to partner with Stratasys, a leader in its field, in our pursuit of innovation and the adoption of the latest additive manufacturing technologies. Our collaboration will strengthen SIAEC's comprehensive suite of MRO solutions and enhance our support to customers, especially in the region." The transaction is not expected to have a material impact on the financial performance of SIAEC or Stratasys in FY2017/18. "This strategic partnership marks an important milestone for additive manufacturing in the aviation industry," said Mr Ilan Levin, CEO of Stratasys. "As we have shown with our existing relationships with leading aerospace manufacturers, including Airbus and Boeing, we are committed to advancing the use of additive manufacturing for high requirement aerospace applications. By working closely with SIAEC, we are extending that focus to solve the unique challenges of the MRO segment and further drive adoption." See other recent news regarding: SIA, Singapore Airlines, Stratasys, Singapore. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Sport Tourism, HK7s and The Park Lane HK - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbusâ€™ BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotel Projects Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs for February Executive Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana to Codeshare Pegipegi Completes Integration with eRevMax Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Rugby Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site in Texas for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin, China SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo, Sri Lanka Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji in June SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting American Express Show More Travel News Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April IHG Opens First Holiday Inn Hotel in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Airport Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights Hong Kong Teams Announced for HK7s Sabre Revamps GetThere Solution Qatar Airways Offers Free Laptop Loan; Cuts Wi-Fi Price to US$5 Korean Air and Delta to Form Joint Venture CWT Meeting &amp; Events Partners International SOS Binter Takes Delivery of First CRJ1000 Int. Tourists to EU-28 Reach Almost 500m in 2016 Latin America to Require 2,570 New Aircraft by 2035 Elbit Provide APAC Country with ISTAR Solution Jota Aviation Signs LOI for Third BAE Avro Jet Dusit Forms JV in Japan CityJet Orders Four More CRJ900 Aircraft Boeing Expands Pilot Training Network Need for Speed Propels Global 7000 to Mach 0.995 SAS Upgrades Inflight F&B Experience Exec Appointments at Australia's Mantra Group Elite Polo Players to Compete on Cable Beach in Australia Munich Airport Reports Record Numbers Honeywell to Update GoDirect Toolkit App GKN's Fokker Business Signed as ASP for Q400 Thailand Reports Q1 2017 Tourism Revenue IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures APAC Airlines Carried 24.2 Million Int. Passengers in February New Green Hotel - Aviary Bintaro - to Open Near Jakarta in May ibis Styles Hotel Opens in Makassar Cathay Pacific Partners Lufthansa Gulf Air Launches Flight Status Tool SAS Transfers Two London Heathrow Slots Outrigger Launches Best Rate Guarantee IATA: Canada Should Eliminate Crown Rents Minor Signs Avani Hotel in Ras Al Khaimah SALA Signs Second Luxury Samui Resort Emirates to Launch Daily A380 Flights to Nice UK MOD Awards Major Airport Security Contract Anna Pollock to Keynote Mekong Tourism Forum CS100 Performs Validation Tests at London City Airport Marriott Rewards During HKSevens Rugby Week 2017 Vipservice to Become CWT's Partner in Russia Smiths Detection Partners Duke University More Driverless Trains for Greater KL Cathay Pacific Launches Flights to Tel Aviv, Israel Emirates Launches A380 Flights to Tokyo, Casablanca and Sao Paulo Park Hyatt to Open in Jakarta, Indonesia Wyndham Signs First Grand Hotel in Belize Phuket's Top Female Chefs to Cook for Charity Dinner Emirates Launches Laptop Service for US Flights Schiphol to Upgrade Security with 24 HI-SCAN 10080 XCTs UNWTO Appoints Sustainable Tourism Ambassador Belmond Launches Mindfulness Cruises in Myanmar Etihad's US-Bound Pax Must Check-In Devices at Point of Origin Movenpick Signs Hotel & Apartments in Muscat ANZ to Operate B787-9 on Auckland - Adelaide Etihad Celebrates Graduation of 2,000th Flying Nanny A350-1000 Conducts High and Warm Flight Tests Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of Hong Kong Rugby Sevens 2017 Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Sport Tourism, HK7s and The Park Lane HK - HD Video Interview Submarine to Give Hotel Guests New Underwater Experience Cebu Pacific to Launch Four New Routes Accor to Rebrand Luxury Hotel in Marrakech BreakFree Adelaide Under Renovation Wyndham Appoints CEO of Timeshare Business Silk Way Orders Ten Boeing 737 MAX 8s Chef Ciro Petrone Joins Four Seasons Seoul Swiss-Belhotel Appoints SVP Operations MEAI Rolls-Royce Appoints Chief Tech Officer Canada Beat USA to Win Singapore 7s Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbus' BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotels Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs Exec Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Codeshare Pegipegi Completes eRevMax Integration Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Pax Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting AmEx Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April First Holiday Inn Hotel Opens in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions April 17, 2017 83° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Sunshine and a few afternoon clouds. High 84F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Some passing clouds. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 17, 2017 @ 12:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP NASA invest $9.9M in University of Tennessee-led team 8 hrs ago (…) KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A research team led by the University of Tennessee Knoxville has received a $9.9 million grant from NASA toward the development of a more aerodynamically capable aircraft. The Knoxville News Sentinel reports (http://bit.ly/2pswiFU ) the grant is part of a $50 million investment in university researchers studying aviation innovation. UT assistant professor Jim Coder is the lead researcher on the project. He says the team is focusing on creating a more aerodynamic airplane wing to reduce energy use and make aircrafts more efficient. The research will take place over the next five years. The team includes contributors from Penn State University, Texas A&M University, the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, Old Dominion University, the University of Wyoming, Boeing Corporation and PCC Airfoils. ___ Information from: Knoxville News Sentinel, http://www.knoxnews.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Higher Education Education Social Affairs Space Industry Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Locations Knoxville Tennessee United States North America Popular One dead, one sought after fatal Ozark home invasion robbery Barbour County Sheriff on audit report: 'I'm not taking money' Dothan's Tent City celebrates Good Friday Missing WWII Marine's remains arrive in Dothan Three arrested in Winn-Dixie parking lot shooting That snake is not your friend Remains of Marine killed during WWII being returned to Ashford Two dead in Ozark wreck Bryant to lead Zion Chapel program Jamie Bienvenu named director of Dothan Downtown Redevelopment Authority Featured Businesses Action Buick Gmc 211 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-8505 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Currently Open Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Currently Open McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Currently Open US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Currently Open Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Currently Open Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Currently Open All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Contests The Miracle Worker Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Proportion of single pensioners relying solely on State hits highest level in over 20 years The number of single pensioners who rely completely on the State for financial support has increased by 26% to 1.1 million over the last five years Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 17 April 2017 17:47 BST Click to follow The Independent Online An additional 330,000 pensioner couples are also completely dependent on the State Pension, income related benefits and disability benefits for their income Getty The proportion of single pensioners in the UK who have no source of income other than the State has hit its highest level in over two decades, according to new data. Figures from the Department for Work and Pensions show that the number of single pensioners who rely solely on the State for financial support has increased by 26 per cent to 1.1 million over the last five years, and surged by a staggering 15 per cent in the 12 months to 5 April 2016 to its highest level since the 1995/96 tax year. An additional 330,000 pensioner couples are also completely dependent on the State Pension, income related benefits and disability benefits for their income, the figures – compiled and analysed by FTSE-listed financial services company Just – show. Read more UK life expectancy among pensioners drops for first time in decades According to Just, the average amount of weekly State income for single pensioners, which includes income-related benefits, was £188 in the most recent tax year. Based on the 4.55 million single pensioners in the UK, the total tax bill came to £850m per week. Nonetheless, Just says that the flat rate new State Pension introduced last year “is widely regarded as barely adequate to live on”. The latest figures echo research published by life insurance company Prudential in March, which showed that thousands are expected to enter into retirement this year with an income that is up to £1,400 a year below the Joseph Rowntree Foundation’s minimum income standard for a single pensioner. That standard, set at £186.77 a week, is established by the Foundation – a social policy research and development charity – as a benchmark of the income required to support an acceptable standard of living in the UK. Read more Royal Mail plans to close defined benefit pension scheme next year Tory minister says poverty's root cause is 'not financial' BMW UK workers to take strike action over pension scheme changes State pension age could rise to 70 “The State will never provide a retirement income that allows for many comforts,” says Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just. He said that “for those who do have some savings, good guidance about what to do with those savings is vital”. “Poor decisions can quickly erode savings and despite their best endeavours people will find themselves reliant on whatever the State can provide.” The Government has in recent years come under intense pressure to address the spiralling cost of the state pension, which currently stands at £100bn a year and is growing rapidly as a result of rising life expectancy (and, therefore, the increasing ratio of pensioners to workers). Business picture of the day 35 show all Business picture of the day 1/35 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 2/35 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 3/35 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 4/35 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 5/35 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 6/35 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 7/35 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 8/35 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 9/35 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 10/35 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 11/35 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 12/35 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 13/35 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 14/35 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 15/35 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 16/35 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 17/35 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 18/35 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 19/35 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 20/35 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 21/35 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 22/35 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 23/35 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 24/35 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 25/35 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 26/35 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 27/35 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 28/35 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 29/35 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 30/35 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 31/35 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 32/35 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 33/35 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 34/35 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 35/35 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty Under controversial projections drawn up by the Government Actuary’s Department (GAD) and published last month in response to growing concerns of a crunch, people aged under 30 face working until the age of 70 to qualify for a state pension compared to the age of 68 under current legislation. A separate official review published by John Cridland, former director-general of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI),  proposed in March that the state pension age should rise from 67 to 68 between 2037 and 2039, seven years earlier than originally planned. More about: state pension UK Joseph Rowntree Foundation Department For Work And Pensions Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail First China-produced passenger plane completes high-speed taxi test Updated 2017-04-17 14:31:14 chinadaily.com.cn China's first domestically produced passenger plane completed a high-speed taxi test for the first time in Shanghai on Sunday, just one step away from its maiden flight, thepaper.cn reported. The COMAC C919 rolled off the assembly line on Nov 2, 2015, and was delivered to the flight test center in December. The Shanghai-based State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd, its manufacturer, has completed most of ground-based pre-flight evaluations, including the low-speed and medium-speed taxi test, to examine the whole aircraft and its key components and connecting parts. It will conduct more high-speed taxiing tests at a speed of up to 170 kilometers per hour before its first flight scheduled in the first half of this year. With more than 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, the locally designed and built aircraft marks a significant milestone in Chinese manufacturing, as China moves up the global production chain. The plane is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing Co's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market. By the end of 2016, a total of 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58April 18 2017 15:04:30 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16April 18 2017 15:04:30 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18April 18 2017 15:04:30 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
