Press Esc to close Sunday 23 April 2017 News updated at 12:23 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    Tamil Nadu CM meets protesting farmers in Delhi      Niti governing body begins deliberations on 'Vision Document'      Polling in two MCD wards postponed due to death of candidates      MCD polls: Lt Governor, Kejriwal cast their votes      DMK terms Palaniswami govt as PM Modi's 'proxy regime'      Green chilli, scissors, AC: Quirky symbols in MCD polls      Sluggish start to MCD polls; just over 1% polling till 10 AM      Bowlers deliver win for Mumbai      Bowlers deliver win for Mumbai      IT cos should look inward: Prasad      Digital Payment Mission to boost mobile banking      AIADMK merger talks likely to begin in two days      Concerns on visas conveyed at 'highest quarters' in US: Prasad      Tamil Nadu govt tries out novel experiment to conserve water      Amid clamour for Governor's rule in JK, Mehbooba to meet PM      Alert in UP after intelligence inputs of attack by 'saffron clad' terrorists      Dhinakaran questioned in EC official bribery case      Aizawl beat Bagan 1-0, on verge of clinching I-League title      Caitlyn Jenner distances herself from President Donald Trump      Microsoft India enhances paternal leave benefits      Expelled from Congress for criticising Rahul Gandhi, Barkha Singh joins BJP      Create awareness on protecting nature: PM on Earth Day      Denied further education, girl attempts suicide      India tacitly blames Pakistan for attack in Afghanistan      Every insult to religion does not amount to offence: SC      Kamal Hassan praises Sathyaraj for expressing regret      Protesting TN farmers drink urine      9-year-old girl among 6 attacked by cow vigilanties in Kashmir      New UP police chief warns cow vigilantes      Death toll in Afghan base attack rises to 140, officials say     Next Story MCD polls: Lt Governor, Kejriwal cast their votes Read more >> You are here: Home » National » AI to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes AI to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Press Trust of India, Mumbai, Apr 23 2017, 10:28 IST The state-owned airline is adding more crew to make up for the shortage for its Boeing B777 and B787 flight crew. Photo credit: PTI State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Andhra Pradesh: 20 killed after truck crushes crowd under its wheel Students attempt Gunniess Record by creating largest disposable cup mosaic of APJ Abdul Kalam's imag Uttar Pradesh: Man threatens wife with 'talaq' for giving birth to girl I love azaan but Sonu Nigam's opinion should also be respected: Kangana Ranaut For qualitative change, improve work with time: PM Modi 14 charred to death as fire breaks out at ration store Two leaves alleged bribe case: Dinakaran departs for Delhi to appear before police Husband of Jayalalithaa's niece launches new political outfit ATS arrests 6 people, seizes 45000 SIM cards Videos more I love azaan but Sonu Nigam's opinion should also be respected: Kangana Ranaut 'Baahubali 2' actor Sathyaraj apologises for anti-Kannada remarks Two leaves alleged bribe case: Dinakaran departs for Delhi to appear before police Andhra Pradesh: 20 killed after truck crushes crowd under its wheel Uttar Pradesh: Man threatens wife with 'talaq' for giving birth to girl 14 charred to death as fire breaks out at ration store For qualitative change, improve work with time: PM Modi Husband of Jayalalithaa's niece launches new political outfit France gets ready to head to the polls Amid rubble, Mosul residents continue to flee the fighting Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Sonu insulted Constitution; should leave India: Cleric Kolkata 2.Compulsory Hindi in schools: President modifies panel recommendation 3.Sonu Nigam shaves off his hairs 4.We have 'constitutional right' to implement Muslim personal law: AIMPLB 5.Sathyaraj expresses wholehearted regret for comments on Cauvery dispute 1.Fair to promote millets as alternative to rice, wheat 2.Strawberries may help fight breast cancer: study 3.Ancient techniques, modern applications 4.Blending culture with tourism 5.Waiting for green cards, Indian visa-holders see hope in Trump review 1. Bengaluru-Mysuru DEMU train to reduce load on Chamundi Express 2. Sathyaraj apologies for his remarks against Kannadigas 3. Foreign models made to take off saffron dupatta at Taj 4. Fair to promote millets as alternative to rice, wheat 5. Waiting for green cards, Indian visa-holders see hope in Trump review Photo Gallery A group of flamingos at Sewri Jetty in Mumbai... Union Minister for Water Resources and Ganga Rejuvenation Uma Bharati being welcomed ... Lithium Urban Technologies has created an eco -friendly solutions for corporate transport... The French air force's Patrouille Acrobatique de France aerobatic team performs at Langley... Smoke billows out after a major fire broke out in Railway Coach Factory at Nishatpura in Bhopal... Girls with painted faces taking part in an awareness campaign on the occasion of World Earth Day... A Tamil Nadu farmer drinks urine during their ongoing protest over drought relief funds... A two wheeler moves through a waterlogged street after heavy downpour in Agartala... School girls with painted faces during 'Save Earth' awareness program on the eve of World Earth... AC machine does on road level work at Kalaburgi Airport at Srinivas Saradagi in the outskirts... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Uber moves HC to seek damages from taxi-owner bodies for damaging its image Business Standard Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 Press Trust of India  |  Mumbai  April 23, 2017 Last Updated at 09:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2U1Y Air India flight ALSO READ Air India drops lease plans, proposes purchasing Boeing planes Air India to raise over Rs 3,000 cr for purchasing four Boeing 787 planes Air India keeping options 'open' for 5 wide-body aircraft Air India defends the sale of Boeing 777 planes to Etihad Air India defends the sale of Boeing 777 planes to Etihad State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Read More On National News | Air India | India | Boeing | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Crew shortage: Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370 State-owned Air India is hiring over 80 junior pilots for its wide-body Boeing B777 and B787 aircraft to meet the shortage of cockpit crew. The process to induct these first officers or co-pilots is in the final stage and they are expected to join Air India by next month, an airline source said here. Air India currently has about 170 co-pilots to steer its 15 B777 and 23 B787 planes as against a requirement of over 370, the source said. It is scheduled to take delivery of four more Boeing 787 as well as three B777 between July this year and March next year. The airline operates these planes majorly on its long and ultra long haul routes. "As many as 95 candidates were selected for the simulator test after they cleared the written examination. Of these, 85 could clear the simulator test and they are now in the process of joining Air India," the source said. These candidates are already type rated on narrow body Boeing 737 and conversion as pilots for the wide-body B737 can be done easily, he said. "Conversion from a narrow body Boeing pilot to a wide-body Boeing aircraft pilot is easier than from Airbus to Boeing or vice versa as the training period then gets reduced from eight sessions to about four sessions," the source said. This, in turn, reduces the type rating cost as well, he said. Of the 85 co-pilots who are expected to join the airline in May, 45 are likely to be deployed on B777s and the remaining 40 on B787s, he said. Type rating is a regulating agencies' certification given to a pilot to fly a certain aircraft type that requires additional training, which involves huge cost, beyond the scope of the initial license and aircraft class training. According to the source, a B777 requires a set (each set has two pilots) of 13 pilots (26 pilots) and a set of eight pilots (16 pilots) is needed for operating a Boeing 787. There are nearly 90 co-pilots currently on B777 fleet and 80 first officers on B787s. "Going by the standard requirement, the airline needs at least 195 co-pilots for 15 B777s and 184 for 23 B787s. Moreover, seven more such planes are going to be added in the fleet in the next one year. So even after inducting 85 more pilots, the shortage will remain," the source added. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Breaking News France votes in cliffhanger presidential election North Korea says ready to strike U.S. aircraft carrier North Korea detains third U.S. citizen: Yonhap U.S. Vice President Pence tries hand at koala diplomacy Down Under Philippine troops kill three more militants on tourist island March for Science draws big crowds, clever signs across U.S. Trump's 'big announcement' on tax to be broad principles: official IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves Saudi Arabia restores civil service and military allowances American Airlines apologizes for onboard clash over stroller Sun 23 Apr 2017 - 25 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Columnists → Boeing performance closely related to GCC aviation Boeing performance closely related to GCC aviation Saturday 22nd, April 2017 / 17:49 Written by Stefano Virgilli in Columnists By Stefano Virgilli — There is no doubt that Middle East countries take pride in their airplane national fleet. And as the time went by, from the year 2000 onwards, a sort of a competition took place. The main benefits went to Boeing, which saw an unprecedented growth in the volume of business and profit. At first, the Middle East accounted for a small fraction of Boeing revenues, but nowadays it has become such an important component of the business model, that the airplane manufacturer fears that a slowdown could badly impact the company. Among the main airlines in the region, Emirates, Qatar Airways and more recently Etihad constitute the largest share of the airplanes market. Lets take for example a very popular plane such as the Airbus A380. In 2016 there were 207 units of A380 flying all over the world. A total 107 airplanes were owned by Middle Eastern airlines. The remaining 100 were distributed globally. In other words, 3 airlines alone operated 51.7 per cent of all the Airbus A380 available on the market. Another long haul model, the 777-300ER, saw a growth from 10 units only available in the Middle East in 2005, to 213 taking off from our region in 2016. A growth of 20 times over a decade. As Boeing keeps aiming for growth, the target of $100 billion revenues can be achieved only by continuing supplying airplanes to the GCC, which has become something much more than just a strategic market to the American multinational airplane designer and manufacturer. In order to avoid causing a negative impact on sales of the existing model 777-300ER, Boeing strategically held back the new model 777-9. The strategy could pay back, as many airlines have been waiting impatiently for the launch of the new model. However, from the sneak peek offered by Boeing, Some industry experts say that the new 777-9 could be more oriented towards performance rather than towards comfort. Qatar Airways and Emirates Airlines have been on a long journey competing against each other. As of today, Emirates stands at AED 67 billion in revenues with income in excess of AED 2 billion. On the other hand, Qatar Airways announced revenues for QAR 35 billion and a profit of about QAR 3 billion. Etihad scored a record 41 per cent profit growth back in 2015. Last year closed $9 billion in revenues. Etihad has consolidated a number of international partnerships, bringing the airline from Abu Dhabi much closer to Europe and to the rest of the world. In terms of destinations reached, both Qatar and Emirates are fairly comparable to approximately 150 destinations each, while Etihad, after a few changes to the list of available destinations, settled at more than 100. All of the three airlines have been sponsoring generously around the world with particular attention to football. Qatar airways seem to have a very fresh and innovative way of communicating. They were the first airline who managed to shoot a “non-boring” safety video. Qatar tapped on the alliance with the Spanish football team Barcelona featuring football players within the safety video and played most of the scenes in a stadium. Other scenes perfectly illustrate the safety procedure without necessarily been obvious. For instance, in the Qatar Airways safety video, unlike all the others, the oxygen masks are released to a group of ecstatic women at the sight of their football idol Gerard Pique. The aviation business has become a branding game. Those who manage to tickle the imagination of their customers are the airlines that are growing. However, the costs involved in managing an airline are enormous and some well-placed marketing campaign cannot solve all the issues of one of the most expensive-to-run industries in the world. However, bad communication experiences can generate a huge loss like United Airlines experienced just a few weeks ago. In one day the company lost $1 billion of capitalisation. Meanwhile, Boeing keeps wishing eternal growth for the Middle East carriers because the market has become too dependent on our region. The title recently took off and flew higher than ever and the quarterly announcement showed a growth of 5 per cent. However, not all the growth come from civil aviation, in fact, Boeing recently closed some military deals with the US government for over $5 billion. — vs.voxlab.net@gmail.com About the author View all articles by Stefano Virgilli ← Beach buffs seek more facilities Gold on French election alert, oil remains fragile → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM’s greetings conveyed to Egyptian President Sisi New heritage and culture portal goes live Minister says Marhaba to Mwasalat Oil prices have no impact on projects Read More ... Facebook Twitter 3 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Commercial launch of @Orpicgroup's Al Jifnain Terminal, part of the Suhar-Muscat Product Pipeline, is set for Q3 '17 /… 3 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Oman Wanfang, developer of the China-Oman Industrial Park at Duqm SEZ, plans to sign up new investors @Duqm_voice /t.c… 3 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: #NationalBusinessCentre, part of #PEIE, has signed an incubation agreement with Azima Catering, an Omani start-up /t.c… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Investors push for more info on lobbying at US companies By Afp Published: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 | Updated: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Dozens of major US companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." - Trade groups in focus - Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. - Business strikes back - As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Tonight is in memory of Charlie': Paddy McGuinness dedicates Take Me Out to contestant who has died since filming latest episode How to catch a cheat: Spying on his texts, checking his satnav and even tracking his bike rides... ANTHEA TURNER became Miss Marple to expose husband's lies  Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was Spice Girl NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making sex tapes, claims lawsuit 'She'll make the best possible life for her and the baby': Ferne McCann 'is expecting her first child' with fugitive boyfriend wanted over nightclub acid attack Ferne McCann's lover is arrested over acid attack five days on the run: Arthur Collins is captured by armed police after TOWIE star reveals she's PREGNANT by him  'I'm feeling nervous': New mother Alex Jones confirms she will return to The One Show on part time basis following birth of son Edward Returns on Monday Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga What will Tyga think? 'That's the freakiest s*** I've seen all week!': Simon Cowell and David Walliams send fans wild with hilarious Faceswap... and the results are horrifying TOWIE's Pete Wicks and Georgia Kousoulou pictured in a heated row on the street as they film tense new scenes for the show Incredibly tense 'The longer things hang in the air, the more nervous people become': Nicole Scherzinger is yet to sign up for the next series of The X Factor 'I'm daddy's job now!': Simon Cowell's son Eric, 3, takes his father's seat at the judging table as the music mogul brings him to Britain's Got Talent auditions That could be my last ever dance: Britain's Got Talent teenager Julia Carlile reveals she needs $100,000 for surgery to cure her curved spine  'Caben needs his daddy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet throwback snap of her son... as she supports Jeremy McConnell through difficult rehab  Busty Olivia Buckland sends fans wild as she flashes her cleavage in tiny bralette... after setting a date to marry Love Island beau Alex Bowen TOWIE star James Argent gets a welcome home kiss from co-star Pete Wicks... as he catches up with friends after spending 10 weeks in Thai rehab I was seduced by Mel B, says nanny: Bombshell legal claim that the singer had a seven-year sexual relationship with exchange student Sorry, Jane Park! The X Factor star Sam Callahan steps out with Chloe Paige... after branding Euromillions winner ex 'obsessive' In CBB 2017? Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome 'After a dinner in LA' Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie Live gets a release date... as NBC chairman Robert Greenblatt hints a live version of Wicked could be in the works Inseparable! Pop star Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami, US 'My heart can't cope!': Viewers are overcome with emotion after young singer Reuben Gray is surprised by his father who works overseas on Britain's Got Talent Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies at 56 Back to the grind! Make-up free Kellie Bright grabs a coffee as she makes her eagerly awaited EastEnders comeback following birth of son Gene PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a bright bikini as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Michael O'Neill on holiday with her three boys Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey, 30, confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap Not so golden! TOWIE's Pete Wicks suffers a tanning fail as he steps out sporting a reddish glow... while it's claimed he is 'still in love' with his ex Megan McKenna A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival A dazzling appearance 'I am not going to dwell on that subject': Caitlyn Jenner CONFIRMS she has had gender reassignment surgery during 20/20 interview Written a memoir Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival She teamed chunky sneakers with her dress Shore you haven't forgotten something? Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable curves as she goes braless in sheer top Revenge body Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Svelte Vicky Pattison is named as face of new Ann Summers swimwear collection... after lashing out at claims she has 'ballooned to a size 16' Alesha Dixon moved to tears by young dancer with spinal condition... as she gives second golden buzzer of series to teen troupe Just Us on Britain's Got Talent Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her 33-year-old mother's funeral  Did the earth move? Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Time treated her well Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Used her time wisely 'They are really, really close': George Lineker plants a kiss on former Made In Chelsea star Jess Woodley's cheek... as friends claim he 'treats her like a princess' Line of Duty's Vicky McClure is ordered off her own tram after being suspected of fare evasion  Found herself on the wrong side of the law  Yo-ga to be kidding me! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts on a busty display in low cut top as she shows off her incredible flexibility Looked stunning Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice She prefers to leave the Hollywood out of it Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude knickers while stepping out for dinner 'We're all good!' Liam Payne's ex girlfriend Sophia Smith reveals she's 'congratulated' him on becoming a dad... after previously confessing his age gap with Cheryl was 'weird' Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival Now that's a Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her pins in VERY small denim shorts as she performs at the West Ham game in the club's football strip Something to celebrate, Ma'am? Beaming Queen watches as her horse wins at Newbury races crowning a VERY happy 91st birthday weekend  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side  'It's that time of year again!' Mark Wright copies Paddy McGuinness as he strips off for steamy shower ahead of Take Me Out spin-off show No tears on the shop floor! Steps stars Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott-Lee enjoy a celebratory shopping spree... after comeback single tops the iTunes charts It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant cut a glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball He's not done just yet Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'I demand that you bring it back immediately': Fans of The Chase are in uproar as ITV confirm it will be taken off air for a MONTH to pave the way for Rylan Clark-Neal's new game show EXCLUSIVE 'Sex is fabulous! But it's not the only thing gay men have to offer!' MIC star turned tech entrepreneur Ollie Locke reveals why he launched dating app 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Beck at the wheel! Brooklyn Beckham takes his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover for a spin in London... after receiving FOUR parking tickets last year 'Best EastEnders scene I've EVER seen!': Hunky Lee Ryan sparks Twitter meltdown as he strips off for topless scene with co-star Shona McGarty Pulses racing Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend She had a bit of fun with her one-year-old Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap...  after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role 'That's you in trouble again... too young for make-up': Katie Price faces MORE backlash after sharing a photo of her daughter Bunny, two, with lipstick smeared across her face 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Looked better than ever. 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Body of an angel GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Mystery as Fatboy Slim's beachside cafe is panned in a 'vendetta' as TripAdvisor postings suggest it is chaotic and unhygienic  He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Spencer Matthews sporting his girlfriend Vogue Williams's hair extensions in a far-from-subtle protest about her not being invited to Pippa's wedding?  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Good for them 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Met on Mad Families set Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too Saturday Kitchen causes a stir after host John Torode berates guest chef for 'double dipping' with same spoon Berating EXCLUSIVE 'We made the first episode shut in a closet': MIC's Francis Boulle and Jamie Laing have started a podcast... because they can't just pose in a dress like most reality stars That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  How kind Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami Alicia Douvall 'threatens to sue' after adult website uses her images to build fake profile offering 'discreet, flirty chat' with subscribers His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Stunning That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumoured new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Just as sensational  'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look  Simon Cowell and his fellow Britain's Got Talent judges left spellbound by eight-year-old budding magician Issy Simpson's tricks Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine EXCLUSIVE: Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump return from their morning run in the rain near their home in Washington DC Dressed in black Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York Flashed a slither of waist Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand  EXCLUSIVE: 'That night she was definitely matchmaker': DJ Ruckus reveals how Paris Hilton brought him together with fiancée Shanina Shaik and admitted baby plans are 'definitely' on the cards It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble In good spirits as she arrived at the BBC 'I couldn't breathe!': Former N-Dubz star Fazer reveals his shock after saving daughter Ava, 4, from raging house fire We Belong Together! Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumours of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Wore a big scarf Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA Stunning Coronation Street star Simon Gregson works up a sweat on a cycle ride with his new personal trainer in a bid to get fit and healthy Getting in shape Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' New court battle 'I had to sell my sofa for money to live': Olivia Buckland insists she is 'eternally grateful' as she reflects on her lavish lifestyle... after enjoying a blissful break with fiancé Alex Bowen in Spain Red hot! Kady McDermott showcases enviably toned stomach and peachy derriere in skimpy scarlet bikini as she tops up her tan in the Maldives Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Lucy Mecklenburgh hits back at claims she 'retouches her photos' and reveals she has actually put on 'a few pounds' during LA trip... after fans express concerns she is 'getting too thin' White hot! Zoey Deutch flaunts her cleavage and toned legs in sexy semi-sheer dress as she steps out for magazine event Stylish Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte... as she accuses Spice Girl of depicting her as a 'homewrecker'  Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson keeps her extremely chiselled abs covered in an all-black ensemble... as she joins boyfriend Ryan Libbey for a date night in London PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright oozes confidence in chic striped top and jeans... as she is pictured for first time since stepping out with Rio Ferdinand Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish £200,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') From en pointe to gun point: Line Of Duty tough girl Vicky McClure nearly took a very different career path as a BALLERINA... before her 'clicky ankles' dashed her dancing dream Mel B's ex Jimmy Gulzar claims she 'threatened to report their daughter Phoenix missing if she went to visit him'... and says he 'contacted her ex Eddie Murphy over Stephen Belafonte gun claims seven years ago' 'Discharged only to be readmitted': Professor Green is sent back to hospital following complications after undergoing FIVE hour operation for three hernias EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA Revenge body! Tom Jones embraces the sunshine as he runs errands in Beverly Hills while enjoying a well-deserved break Back home Claire Danes oozes understated elegance as she showcases her slender physique in a strapless black cocktail dress at plush Tiffany bash Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert 'Stop obsessing!' The X Factor star Sam Callahan begs lottery millionaire Jane Park to move on... amid claims she's following him into Big Brother house Nick Knowles' estranged wife Jessica shows off her hourglass figure in stylish black jumpsuit as she leads the glamour at the Blog Awards Born to fly! Delta Goodrem rocks double denim and a faux fur vest as she lands in Melbourne ahead of the TV Logie Awards Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years Beauty in blush! Sofia Vergara pairs nude tank with leather skirt as she heads to a dinner in West Hollywood Form-fitting ensemble Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit for fashion event... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Crop top and boho skirt Blonde bombshell Lottie Moss shows off her tiny waist in plunging crop top and heavily ripped jeans for night out Together in leather! Jedward ramp up their extreme taste for fashion in Dublin wearing matching leather trousers and gold leaf jackets Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood The 41-year-old actress beamed Baby, it's cold outside! Newly single Hilary Duff rugs up as she heads out on the town in New York  Struggled to keep warm William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with curry, partying with Tinie Tempah and texting DJs for shoutouts Pink lady! Kiernan Shipka steps out in satin pink gown and silver peep toe heels as she supports new show Feud  Still a punk at heart! Sex Pistols star John Lydon cosies up to wife Nora as he jokes around at his documentary premiere during the Tribeca Film Festival Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says an armed police officer could keep him in line on visits  SPOILER ALERT: It's uncanny! Simon Cowell meets his namesake on Britain's Got Talent... a spoon-balancing IT worker from the Isle of Man The future's looking bright! Cody Simpson dons a pair of flamboyant sunglasses as he beams for his waiting fans at airport Big smile EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Donald Trump, her porn career and Michael Jackson, and made sexually explicit comments to cops while being arrested for DUI' police report claims She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical Jetsetter! Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in white trousers and black Gucci hoodie at LAX... after flashing the flesh for lingerie shoot Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Coronation Street star Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmer figure in form-fitting little black dress... after dropping two stone in weight Looks hot All black everything! Salma Hayek dons leather pants for 11th Hour showing at NYC's Tribeca Film Festival 'They want people to hear their reactions': The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' Bringing sexy back! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Vanessa White gives a saucy flash of her assets in plunging bra as she documents night out on Instagram... after attending bridal fashion bash in Chelsea It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she colour coordinates her athleisure  Not her happy self 'He really really wanted a boy': Sam Faiers reveals she felt 'pressure' from husband Paul Knightley to have a baby son in new interview on motherhood KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Unrecognisable 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Keeping it cool! Actress Rose Byrne rocks an edgy leather jacket over her dainty floral frock at the Tribeca Film Festival Red carpet rock MIC's Rosie Fortescue showcases her sexy style as she poses in a bold floral dress and racy knee-length boots at upscale bridal wear fashion launch party Mandy Moore dazzles in purple sequin dress for Marie Claire's Fresh Faces event in West Hollywood Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Jamie Lee Curtis, 58, puts on a glamorous display in a smart blazer and tailored trousers as she joins Jake Gyllenhaal at Tribeca Film Festival screening So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie Jenner look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I got myself a day job': James Blunt reveals Australia's X Factor enabled break from touring Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll Much needed break In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business 'She wants her jewellery and her earnings to remain hers': Kate Beckinsale 'responds to divorce petition filed by ex Len Wiseman' EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart: Tyga embraces gorgeous Jenner clone after split Their three year romance was marred by splits SPOILER ALERT: Amber Turner makes a shocking dig at Chloe Meadows as she tries to diffuse tension between her and ex Jamie Reed on Only Way Is Essex That'll keep off the chill! Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She recently enjoyed a Costa Rican holiday That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired by her hair PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'She sounds posher than the princes!' Viewers complain they can't understand Kate's VERY plummy accent - while Harry baffles with his use of 'ain't' Vicky Pattison continues to fight persistent weight gain rumours as she flashes her thighs in a saucy new selfie She's a mission Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her tiny waist in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to inked fiancé Alex Bowen on Spanish getaway 'He nearly burned the place down': Harry Styles 'suffers backstage calamity' after setting his shirt alight following Saturday Night Live performance She's doing something Wright! Ex-TOWIE star Jess shows off her impressively toned abs in skimpy sports bra at personal training session 'I fear this will be judged': Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in a barely-there lace bra and tasseled jacket at Coachella Eye-popping selfie She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off her new cropped hairstyle after lopping her trademark locks for latest film role SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Wants a 'family affair' Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She's the boss Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Power Of Women luncheon She was all about the ladies as she showed off her unique style Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredible physique in a skimpy peach bikini as she relaxes poolside during Los Angeles getaway Unbelievably toned 'We never really talked about mum': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate describes 'life changing' impact of motherhood Former Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman, 80, enjoys a rare public outing with wife Suzanne Accosta... one year after prostate cancer diagnosis Who'll win the fashion face-off? Ladies Day revellers at the Scottish Grand National step out in VERY racy outfits Racegoers stepped out in some revealing outfits 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson That's a bit wild! The Apprentice star Jessica Cunningham teams leopard print coat with thigh-skimming minidress at the UK Blog Awards Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie Quite a crowd-pleaser I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview  'She's had early discussions': Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after West End stint A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a special performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish £200k wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll  How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Not as alike as seems Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Used to flashing her skin 'Will I die?' Caprice breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she recalls shocking brain tumour diagnosis and vow to 'be strong' for her young sons 'She showed off some antiques she just bought her mother and skipped off to her room': Carrie Fisher's Catastrophe co-star talks about her shocking death  A Royal engagement! Princess Beatrice cuts an elegant figure in chic black minidress as she attends Kairos Society Global Summit in New York They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 It's uncanny Steps' Claire Richards continues to showcase her slender figure after losing SIX STONE... as the pop group appear on This Morning discuss their latest comeback 'Romance could be on the cards': Ex-TOWIE lovers Chris Clark and Amber Dowding have 'reconnected' during recent filming... after his split from Jesy Nelson Toff notch! MIC star Georgia shows off her quirky style in boho floral maxi dress and sporty trainers at star-studded bridalwear launch party Karlie Kloss shows off her killer legs in a bright colour-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel The West Wing actor met the chicken pioneer Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap A tight-knit family Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' He looked downcast Pyjama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Wears almost anything Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Shone among stars Millionaire former Saturdays singer Vanessa White is handed £50,000 of taxpayers' cash to boost her solo career abroad  Earned £2m with group Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit She shows no sign of slowing down It's in the genes! Gigi Hadid looks picture perfect despite the ugly mom jeans as she heads out in New York Rocked the baggy high-wasted jeans A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on holiday in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón In fantastic shape SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Filmed by daughter Jade It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon  She made a stylish appearance EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals a man threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and how she watched  Ozzy and Sharon flatline Why must my partner's slobby son who does nothing in the home wreck my hope of happiness?  BEL MOONEY a stepmum Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Featured missing patches of flesh Beefy Ben Affleck looks muscular as he preps for Batman... while ex Jennifer Garner steps out in summer dress Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Going to Karl Lagerfeld's Is Ferne fleeing the country? TOWIE star McCann 'spotted at an airport' as police hunt for her boyfriend over acid attack that left two people blind  Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther She adopted twin girls from Malawi in February 'I'll tidy it later!' Charlotte Crosby shows off her washboard stomach and lean legs in a sizzling red bikini... after hitting back over messy room selfie Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson flaunts serious side boob in barely-there swimwear and gold harness during Spanish getaway Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Kate Wright hits back at trolls as she is blasted online after being pictured with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand for the first time Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her slender figure and amazing abs in a series of bright bikinis as she continues her extended LA getaway 'Tis the seasoned! Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume on MasterChef Junior Charlie Hunnam looks suave at King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage That's my name! Kristin Chenoweth dazzles in emerald mini dress with low-cut neckline...and totes custom clutch The Only Way Is... Out! TOWIE favourite James 'Arg' Argent will 'take an extended break from reality series following his stint in a Thai rehab facility' Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress  Filming Wrinkle In Time 'It was internalised misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Nick who? Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten looks VERY loved up with new film producer beau Scott Walker as the pair lay on the PDA at an event in London Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Highlighted slim legs Just a soupçon: Trinny Woodall enjoys a light lunch in a striking powder blue coat with her partner Charles Saatchi at their favourite eatery Scott's in Mayfair FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Oh what a lovely war! Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Top Gainers of the Day: The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services Top Gainers of the Day: The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services Danny Wiskinson April 22, 2017 0 Comment Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, BA, Industrial Goods, NYSE, The Boeing Company Brief Overview The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), from Industrial Goods sector has been performing well. The Boeing Company reported a price of 179.3 today, indicating a change of 0.50%. The Boeing Company has a market capitalization of 109030.54, with a return on assets (ROA) of 5.40% and an earnings per share (EPS) of 7.66 for the current year The gross margin stands at 14.60%, while the operating margin is 6.20%. The net profit margin for The Boeing Company stands at 5.20%. The present return on equity (ROE) stands at 259.70%, while the debt to equity is at 12.18. Performance The weekly performance is 1.85% for The Boeing Company, while the monthly performance measure stands at 1.90%. The Boeing Company’s volatility stands at 1.14% and the average volume is 3301.41. The quarterly performance stats for The Boeing Company stands at 13.74% and the half-yearly performance is at 34.89%. The performance for the year is at 41.87% and the performance (year to date) is at 16.16%. Good to know – Volatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security. It is usually measured by using the difference between returns from the market index. Usually, there is always a positive correlation between high volatility and high risk Performance The simple 20 day moving average for The Boeing Company is 1.08% and the simple 200-day moving average is at 19.96%. The 52-week high is at -3.45% and the 52-week low stands at 50.18%. Ratio The Boeing Company’s short ratio is at 3.4 and the float short is at 1.86%. The Boeing Company’s P/E stands at 23.41, while the P/S is at 1.15 and earnings per share this year of 2.30%. Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and will not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are for demonstration purposes only. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based on limited and open source information only. Hence the assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals. Share This Post You might also like: Top Gainers of the Day: Microchip Technology Incorporated (NASDAQ:MCHP) from Semiconductor – Broad Line Specialty Retail, Other: Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) Position of the day Wireless Communications: SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (NYSE:SKM) Position of the day Property & Casualty Insurance: Loews Corporation (NYSE:L) Position of the day Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website © Copyright 2016
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Navy’s New Mach 6 EM Railgun Almost Ready for Prime Time For more than three years now, I’ve been tracking the U.S. Navy’s progress toward building a working electromagnetic railgun prototype — a Mach 6 cannon reputedly capable of striking targets 110 miles away with pinpoint accuracy. Each railgun projectile would cost about $25,000 to produce — and if you’re keeping track, then yes, success on the railgun project would yield a weapon boasting nearly twice the 67-mile range of Boeing ‚s(NYSE: BA) Harpoon II missile but costing just 1/48th the Boeing missile’s $1.2 million cost. That right there tells you why the Navy is so very interested in this weapon. But on top of the ammunition savings, a switch from missiles (Boeing’s Harpoon measures 12-and-a-half feet in length and more than a foot in diameter) to railguns (a projectile is only 18 inches long and a few inches round) would permit a warship to carry a lot more rounds in its munitions locker than it currently can, yielding immeasurable savings in the logistics supply chain. As I say, I’ve been following this story for three years  — but now, we may finally be getting to the good part. Artist’s rendering of a railgun mounted on USNS Millinocket . Image source: U.S. Navy. Ready, aim, test! Last we heard , the Navy was planning to conduct its first at-sea live-fire exercise of the railgun aboard the expeditionary fast transport USNS Millinocket  (T-EPF-3) sometime this year. A successful test could permit installation of a working railgun aboard the new Zumwalt -class destroyer Lyndon B. Johnson  (DDG-1002) by the time she is commissioned in 2018 — or not. Turns out there has been some talk about potentially delaying the at-sea demonstration, or even skipping it altogether, and going straight to installation of an operational railgun aboard Lyndon B. Johnson — but no official change in the testing schedule has been yet announced. Meanwhile, the Navy is pushing ahead with testing of the weapon on land. Last month, the U.S. Navy posted a video online reviewing a Nov. 17, 2016, land-fire exercise testing the railgun’s capabilities. [embedded content] Video source: YouTube. As this video shows, testing was conducted at the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Dahlgren, in Virginia, where the Navy has built a new „Terminal Range” to test its new railgun. There, the Navy successfully test-fired BAE Systems ‚(NASDAQOTH: BAESY) prototype railgun. This was the same prototype previously reported as being tested by the Navy in 2014. Meanwhile, General Atomics’ version of the railgun has also been tested — in 2013 and 2016 that we know about — and even tested for potential use as an Army weapon. What it all means for investors So what does all this mean for investors, and where does the railgun program stand today? Here are a few key facts to keep in mind: First, the Navy may or may not conduct its at-sea demo this year, as previously planned. Naval director of surface warfare Rear Adm. Peter Fanta says he would not be opposed to skipping the at-sea demonstration and going straight to installation of a weapon aboard a warship. That the Navy has not yet conducted an at-sea test but has expanded testing on land tends to support the view that the Navy has decided to skip the at-sea demonstration and might go straight to deployment after testing on land. This bodes well for the Navy’s longer-range plans to deploy railguns throughout the fleet as early as 2025. Second, 2025 is still a long time away, and it will probably be some time before we know which companies will ultimately win contracts for this new weapons system. Maybe it will be General Atomics, which builds one railgun prototype, or maybe it will be BAE Systems — or maybe it will be both. At this point, though, I’m inclined to believe BAE has the edge, for the simple fact that whenever the Navy posts a weapons test video, it’s the BAE prototype that gets featured. As for where we stand today, the Navy recently requested $23 million in funding from Congress for railguns research and testing in fiscal 2017. The „small ball” value of the request further reinforces my impression that we’re still in the early innings of the railgun’s development. On the other hand, the revelation that the Army, too, is getting involved in railguns testing suggests that once the technology is perfected, the market opportunity could be far larger than if this were to be a Navy program only. How much larger remains to be seen. 10 stocks we like better than BAE Systems When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and BAE Systems wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CORRECTION – Siniora Food Industries: Siniora Food Industries Company’s General Assembly Ratifies Dividend Distribution of 28.22% of Paid-Up Capital; 6% as Cash Dividends Amounting to JOD1,080,000 and 22.22% as Four Million Bonus Shares Next PostNext The Real Reason Verizon Went Unlimited Search Recent Posts Diamond Resorts International At The Canary Islands – Dive, Surf, Climb…Or Do Nothing RTDNA Canada announces BC region award winners Afghanistan Residents Benefit from Improved Quality Healthcare in Balkh Province Car Donation Foundation Announces New Website Launch Lucid Clean House Cleaning Service Now Offering Direct Links To Reviews Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flight Cuts at Emirates Are a Bad Sign for Airbus. What About Boeing? After years of strong growth in the U.S., Middle Eastern airline giant Emirates is flying into some headwinds. Earlier this week, the carrier announced that it will slash capacity on its routes from Dubai to Boston, Los Angeles, Seattle, Fort Lauderdale, and Orlando. Any slowdown in demand at Emirates is bad news for Airbus (NASDAQOTH: EADSY) , because Emirates is by far the biggest customer for its A380 jumbo jet. However, the potential impact on Boeing (NYSE: BA) is harder to determine. If Emirates’ woes force Airbus to kill off the A380, then Boeing could actually benefit in the long run. Emirates flies into headwinds Emirates’ run of strong demand growth in the U.S. came to a sudden halt early this year after the Trump administration attempted to restrict travel to the U.S. by citizens of various Muslim-majority countries. While the initial „travel ban” didn’t survive a court challenge, it led to an instantaneous 35% drop in bookings for Emirates’ routes to the United States. Emirates has seen a decline in bookings on flights to the U.S. Image source: Pixabay. The final straw was a new rule implemented a month ago that prohibits passengers flying to the U.S. from several cities — including Emirates’ hub in Dubai — from bringing laptops or tablets as carry-on items. While this is ostensibly a security measure, it has the secondary effect of making it very hard for business travelers to get work done in the air. Thus, this rule makes connecting in Europe look like a more attractive option for travel to the U.S. Emirates has tried to lessen the impact on customers via a laptop and tablet handling service that allows customers to use their electronic devices right until it’s time to board in Dubai. It is also loaning Surface tablets to business-class and first-class customers on flights to the U.S. These efforts have only partially addressed the headwinds Emirates faces on its U.S. routes. That’s unfortunate, as Emirates had been counting on the U.S. to pick up some of the slack for weak demand elsewhere in the world . This in turn creates risks for Boeing and Airbus, as Emirates is a key customer for both companies. Standing by the A380 — for now If Emirates is having trouble filling its flights, that removes one of the big rationales for operating a large fleet of Airbus A380 jumbo jets. Of course, Emirates’ A380s do offer unique amenities like showers for first-class customers and an onboard lounge for business-class customers. Yet the main reason for operating such large planes is that it allows Emirates to carry more customers without adding flights at Dubai’s overcrowded airport. If demand is lower, then it would be sensible to use smaller planes. For now, Emirates remains committed to the A380. For example, it is showcasing a redesigned version of its A380 onboard lounge at an exhibition this week. But it’s one thing to talk up a plane that is one the mainstays of its fleet and another thing entirely to order a bunch more. If demand doesn’t rebound within the next few years, it could be fatal to the A380. As of the end of March, Airbus had a backlog of 107 A380 orders, including 48 orders from Emirates. This understates the A380’s woes, though. Last year, aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia noted that only 18 of Airbus’ A380 orders from customers other than Emirates were truly secure. Some of those aircraft have been delivered in the past year, leaving only 12 truly firm non-Emirates A380 orders today. Demand for the Airbus A380 has been extremely weak in recent years. Image source: Airbus. Airbus is in the midst of reducing A380 production to a rate of one per month to cope with the shrinking backlog. At that pace, it will be a struggle just to break even — and Airbus will still run out of orders in five years. That may seem like plenty of time to drum up more orders. But Emirates is the only airline to have ordered the A380 in meaningful numbers in the past few years. If it doesn’t place another big order within the next three years, Airbus will probably be forced to start winding down A380 production. Mixed signals for Boeing At first glance, Emirates’ woes would seem to be an even bigger threat to Boeing. After all, Emirates has 150 orders for the upcoming 777X, representing nearly half of the order book. Moreover, the 777X will be far more meaningful for Boeing’s profitability than the A380 is for Airbus’ profitability at this point. There certainly is some risk that Emirates will defer some of its 777X orders if demand stays weak. That said, most of its 777X orders are timed to match planned retirements from its 777 fleet. A bigger potential concern is that a demand slowdown at Emirates could discourage it from ordering Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner in the next year or two. Boeing needs to sell a lot more Dreamliners to avoid cutting production after 2020. Yet in the long run, the death of the A380 would more than make up for these negatives. Most importantly, it would ensure that Emirates — and virtually any other airline looking for a large widebody — would turn to Boeing’s 777X for future orders. A greater focus at Emirates on matching capacity to demand would also raise the odds of an eventual Dreamliner order, even if it comes later than originally hoped for. Boeing’s 787-9 is the smallest airplane capable of flying most of Emirates’ routes, and it can do so with very competitive unit costs. As a result, if Emirates operated the 787-9, it would be better able to reduce capacity in weaker markets without cutting flights. Thus, in the short run, Emirates’ slump could negatively impact both Boeing and Airbus. However, if it takes Emirates a while to get back on track, Airbus is likely to bear the brunt of the damage — and Boeing could actually come out ahead. 10 stocks we like better than Boeing When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Boeing wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report Next PostNext 2 Cheap Dividend Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Search Recent Posts Diamond Resorts International At The Canary Islands – Dive, Surf, Climb…Or Do Nothing RTDNA Canada announces BC region award winners Afghanistan Residents Benefit from Improved Quality Healthcare in Balkh Province Car Donation Foundation Announces New Website Launch Lucid Clean House Cleaning Service Now Offering Direct Links To Reviews Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Should Boeing Worry Now That Airbus Has Delivered First A321neo to Virgin America? By Paul Ausick April 21, 2017 12:35 pm EDT Print Email Tweet European aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday delivered the first A321neo off the company’s assembly line to long-time customer Virgin America, which is now part of Alaska Air Group Inc. (NYSE: ALK). Virgin America has been a long-time customer of Airbus and before Thursday’s delivery flew 63 of the company’s A319s and A320s. Each A321neo is powered by two CFM LEAP-1A engines, and they will become the largest planes in the Virgin America fleet, with seating capacity for 185 passengers in two classes on routes up to about 3,750 nautical miles. That’s enough range to fly nonstop from Anchorage to Miami. The meaning of yesterday’s delivery can’t have been lost on Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA). Alaska flies Boeing’s 737 exclusively and has a fleet of 158 the planes with 46 unfilled orders including 32 for the new 737 MAX. But even Boeing’s 737 MAX 9, which the company took on its first test flight just last week, does not come with the credentials of the A321neo. In a two-class configuration, the plane’s passenger capacity is slightly less than the A321neo’s at 178, its range is slightly less at 3,515 nautical miles. The MAX 9 uses two CFM LEAP-1B engines. The Airbus orders and deliveries spreadsheet shows no A321neos on order from Virgin America nor is there an entry in the spreadsheet for Alaska Airlines, which has never ordered an Airbus commercial jet. Still, the A321neo claims 1,385 orders of a total of more than 5,500 for single-aisle Airbus planes. Boeing’s latest order book shows 3,703 orders for the 737 MAX but does not specify how many orders have been placed for each variation of the plane. There are believed to be about 500 orders for the MAX 9. The first commercial flight for the Virgin America A321neo is set for May 31, originating in San Francisco and terminating in Washington, D.C. Alaska Air has announced that the Virgin America brand will disappear in 2019. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Veritone Announces Potential Pricing for IPO General Electric, Verizon Weigh on DJIA Friday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, featured, Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALK), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous Cars in America The Best Counties to Live In Customer Service Hall of Fame The Worst Counties to Live In 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Apple Remains the DJIA’s Best Performing Stock of 2017 Verizon Returns as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Why Merrill Lynch Still Sees Big Upside for GE After Earnings IBM Shares Won’t Stop Falling Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Frequently Asked Tax Questions You May Be Asking Now What to Expect From Skyworks Solutions' Q2 Earnings Should You Follow This Wall Street Firm's Lead in Swapping NVIDIA for Skyworks Solutions? United CEO Munoz no longer expected to take on chairman role Former Arconic CEO Kleinfeld resigns from Morgan Stanley board Nasdaq Composite closes 0.1% lower ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Trump's 'big announcement' on tax to be broad principles: official Trump tax plan may produce some short-term budget issues: Mnuchin IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves 3 Frequently Asked Tax Questions You May Be Asking Now IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves What to Expect From Skyworks Solutions' Q2 Earnings Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Renowned Chefs Share Tips They Want You To Master In New Documentary Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Navy's New Mach 6 EM Railgun Almost Ready for Prime Time The latest railgun test suggests the Navy could be moving closer to deployment. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Apr 22, 2017 at 10:13AM For more than three years now, I've been tracking the U.S. Navy's progress toward building a working electromagnetic railgun prototype -- a Mach 6 cannon reputedly capable of striking targets 110 miles away with pinpoint accuracy. Each railgun projectile would cost about $25,000 to produce -- and if you're keeping track, then yes, success on the railgun project would yield a weapon boasting nearly twice the 67-mile range of Boeing's (NYSE:BA) Harpoon II missile but costing just 1/48th the Boeing missile's $1.2 million cost. That right there tells you why the Navy is so very interested in this weapon. But on top of the ammunition savings, a switch from missiles (Boeing's Harpoon measures 12-and-a-half feet in length and more than a foot in diameter) to railguns (a projectile is only 18 inches long and a few inches round) would permit a warship to carry a lot more rounds in its munitions locker than it currently can, yielding immeasurable savings in the logistics supply chain.  As I say, I've been following this story for three years --- but now, we may finally be getting to the good part. Artist's rendering of a railgun mounted on USNS Millinocket. Image source: U.S. Navy. Ready, aim, test! Last we heard, the Navy was planning to conduct its first at-sea live-fire exercise of the railgun aboard the expeditionary fast transport USNS Millinocket (T-EPF-3) sometime this year. A successful test could permit installation of a working railgun aboard the new Zumwalt-class destroyer Lyndon B. Johnson (DDG-1002) by the time she is commissioned in 2018 -- or not. Turns out there has been some talk about potentially delaying the at-sea demonstration, or even skipping it altogether, and going straight to installation of an operational railgun aboard Lyndon B. Johnson -- but no official change in the testing schedule has been yet announced. Meanwhile, the Navy is pushing ahead with testing of the weapon on land. Last month, the U.S. Navy posted a video online reviewing a Nov. 17, 2016, land-fire exercise testing the railgun's capabilities. Video source: YouTube. As this video shows, testing was conducted at the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Dahlgren, in Virginia, where the Navy has built a new "Terminal Range" to test its new railgun. There, the Navy successfully test-fired BAE Systems' (NASDAQOTH:BAESY) prototype railgun. This was the same prototype previously reported as being tested by the Navy in 2014. Meanwhile, General Atomics' version of the railgun has also been tested -- in 2013 and 2016 that we know about -- and even tested for potential use as an Army weapon. What it all means for investors So what does all this mean for investors, and where does the railgun program stand today? Here are a few key facts to keep in mind: First, the Navy may or may not conduct its at-sea demo this year, as previously planned. Naval director of surface warfare Rear Adm. Peter Fanta says he would not be opposed to skipping the at-sea demonstration and going straight to installation of a weapon aboard a warship. That the Navy has not yet conducted an at-sea test but has expanded testing on land tends to support the view that the Navy has decided to skip the at-sea demonstration and might go straight to deployment after testing on land. This bodes well for the Navy's longer-range plans to deploy railguns throughout the fleet as early as 2025.  Second, 2025 is still a long time away, and it will probably be some time before we know which companies will ultimately win contracts for this new weapons system. Maybe it will be General Atomics, which builds one railgun prototype, or maybe it will be BAE Systems -- or maybe it will be both. At this point, though, I'm inclined to believe BAE has the edge, for the simple fact that whenever the Navy posts a weapons test video, it's the BAE prototype that gets featured. As for where we stand today, the Navy recently requested $23 million in funding from Congress for railguns research and testing in fiscal 2017. The "small ball" value of the request further reinforces my impression that we're still in the early innings of the railgun's development. On the other hand, the revelation that the Army, too, is getting involved in railguns testing suggests that once the technology is perfected, the market opportunity could be far larger than if this were to be a Navy program only. How much larger remains to be seen. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Apr 22, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.38 up $1.08 (0.60%) BAE Systems NASDAQOTH:BAESY $32.10 down $0.01 (-0.03%) Read More BAE Systems Wins Defense Contracts to Fix Ship, Supply Helmets and Gun Shields 21 Fascinating Facts About America's New Electromagnetic Railgun Pentagon Awards $1.246 Billion in Contracts Thursday Pentagon Awards $1.14 Billion in Defense Contracts U.S. Navy Test Fires a New Mach 7 Cannon Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Navy's New Mach 6 EM Railgun Almost Ready for Prime Time @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $BAESY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Flight Cuts at Emirates Are a Bad Sign for Airbus. What About Boeing? Demand weakness could reduce Emirates' appetite for ordering new planes in the next few years -- but that might not be bad for Boeing in the long run. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Apr 22, 2017 at 10:50AM After years of strong growth in the U.S., Middle Eastern airline giant Emirates is flying into some headwinds. Earlier this week, the carrier announced that it will slash capacity on its routes from Dubai to Boston, Los Angeles, Seattle, Fort Lauderdale, and Orlando. Any slowdown in demand at Emirates is bad news for Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY), because Emirates is by far the biggest customer for its A380 jumbo jet. However, the potential impact on Boeing (NYSE:BA) is harder to determine. If Emirates' woes force Airbus to kill off the A380, then Boeing could actually benefit in the long run. Emirates flies into headwinds Emirates' run of strong demand growth in the U.S. came to a sudden halt early this year after the Trump administration attempted to restrict travel to the U.S. by citizens of various Muslim-majority countries. While the initial "travel ban" didn't survive a court challenge, it led to an instantaneous 35% drop in bookings for Emirates' routes to the United States. Emirates has seen a decline in bookings on flights to the U.S. Image source: Pixabay. The final straw was a new rule implemented a month ago that prohibits passengers flying to the U.S. from several cities -- including Emirates' hub in Dubai -- from bringing laptops or tablets as carry-on items. While this is ostensibly a security measure, it has the secondary effect of making it very hard for business travelers to get work done in the air. Thus, this rule makes connecting in Europe look like a more attractive option for travel to the U.S. Emirates has tried to lessen the impact on customers via a laptop and tablet handling service that allows customers to use their electronic devices right until it's time to board in Dubai. It is also loaning Surface tablets to business-class and first-class customers on flights to the U.S. These efforts have only partially addressed the headwinds Emirates faces on its U.S. routes. That's unfortunate, as Emirates had been counting on the U.S. to pick up some of the slack for weak demand elsewhere in the world. This in turn creates risks for Boeing and Airbus, as Emirates is a key customer for both companies. Standing by the A380 -- for now If Emirates is having trouble filling its flights, that removes one of the big rationales for operating a large fleet of Airbus A380 jumbo jets. Of course, Emirates' A380s do offer unique amenities like showers for first-class customers and an onboard lounge for business-class customers. Yet the main reason for operating such large planes is that it allows Emirates to carry more customers without adding flights at Dubai's overcrowded airport. If demand is lower, then it would be sensible to use smaller planes. For now, Emirates remains committed to the A380. For example, it is showcasing a redesigned version of its A380 onboard lounge at an exhibition this week. But it's one thing to talk up a plane that is one the mainstays of its fleet and another thing entirely to order a bunch more. If demand doesn't rebound within the next few years, it could be fatal to the A380. As of the end of March, Airbus had a backlog of 107 A380 orders, including 48 orders from Emirates. This understates the A380's woes, though. Last year, aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia noted that only 18 of Airbus' A380 orders from customers other than Emirates were truly secure. Some of those aircraft have been delivered in the past year, leaving only 12 truly firm non-Emirates A380 orders today. Demand for the Airbus A380 has been extremely weak in recent years. Image source: Airbus. Airbus is in the midst of reducing A380 production to a rate of one per month to cope with the shrinking backlog. At that pace, it will be a struggle just to break even -- and Airbus will still run out of orders in five years. That may seem like plenty of time to drum up more orders. But Emirates is the only airline to have ordered the A380 in meaningful numbers in the past few years. If it doesn't place another big order within the next three years, Airbus will probably be forced to start winding down A380 production. Mixed signals for Boeing At first glance, Emirates' woes would seem to be an even bigger threat to Boeing. After all, Emirates has 150 orders for the upcoming 777X, representing nearly half of the order book. Moreover, the 777X will be far more meaningful for Boeing's profitability than the A380 is for Airbus' profitability at this point. There certainly is some risk that Emirates will defer some of its 777X orders if demand stays weak. That said, most of its 777X orders are timed to match planned retirements from its 777 fleet. A bigger potential concern is that a demand slowdown at Emirates could discourage it from ordering Boeing's 787 Dreamliner in the next year or two. Boeing needs to sell a lot more Dreamliners to avoid cutting production after 2020. Yet in the long run, the death of the A380 would more than make up for these negatives. Most importantly, it would ensure that Emirates -- and virtually any other airline looking for a large widebody -- would turn to Boeing's 777X for future orders. A greater focus at Emirates on matching capacity to demand would also raise the odds of an eventual Dreamliner order, even if it comes later than originally hoped for. Boeing's 787-9 is the smallest airplane capable of flying most of Emirates' routes, and it can do so with very competitive unit costs. As a result, if Emirates operated the 787-9, it would be better able to reduce capacity in weaker markets without cutting flights. Thus, in the short run, Emirates' slump could negatively impact both Boeing and Airbus. However, if it takes Emirates a while to get back on track, Airbus is likely to bear the brunt of the damage -- and Boeing could actually come out ahead. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Apr 22, 2017 at 10:50AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.38 up $1.08 (0.60%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $19.18 down $0.15 (-0.78%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract SpaceX Goes Head to Head With Boeing and Lockheed -- and Crushes the Competition Boeing Training Jet Rivals Are Dropping Like Flies Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Flight Cuts at Emirates Are a Bad Sign for Airbus. What About Boeing? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How SpaceX May Already Be Hurting Profits at Boeing and Lockheed Martin Recent contracts show ULA's prices are already coming down. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Apr 22, 2017 at 8:13AM Elon Musk and SpaceX are changing the language of space flight -- and the economics, too. How do we know that SpaceX is having an effect on the incumbent giants of spaceflight like Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), you ask? The evidence keeps rolling in, and it's starting to get undeniable. Let's break it down. United Launch Alliance's Delta IV rocket can put more cargo in orbit than any other rocket on the planet -- but at a steep cost. Image source: United Launch Alliance. Layoffs announced SpaceX won its first bid on an Air Force GPS III satellite launch early last year, offering a bid of less than $83 million for its service -- less than half the $225 million average cost of a space launch via Boeing and Lockheed Martin joint venture United Launch Alliance (ULA). In very short order, ULA announced plans to lay off one quarter of its workforce -- up to 875 jobs -- through 2017. The reason, explained ULA CEO Tory Bruno, was that the company needed to cut its costs to better compete with the threat from SpaceX. Contracts lost How big that threat was became apparent earlier this year. Because whereas in 2016, SpaceX won its Air Force contract unopposed (ULA was unable to bid on the contract), in March 2017, ULA did bid against SpaceX. Unfortunately for ULA, it couldn't come close to beating SpaceX's bid. In a shocking victory, SpaceX raised the price that it was charging the Air Force to launch the same kind of satellite that it agreed to launch last year by 17%. Instead of the $82.7 million bid in 2016, this time SpaceX bid $96.5 million. Even with the higher price, SpaceX easily bested its rival. Clearly, ULA needed to do something to reverse this trend of lost contracts. Price quotes cut And to its credit, United Launch Alliance did not take these losses lying down. Responding to SpaceX's transparency in pricing, for example, ULA last year launched a new "Rocketbuilder" website for customers to use when pricing (and ordering) satellite launches aboard its Atlas V and Delta IV rockets. Featuring a la carte pricing, and leavened with a healthy dose of marketing on why its record of reliability creates less visible cost savings for a customer, it actually seems that ULA stole a page from SpaceX in the creativity department. Longer term, Bruno has promised several times now that the absolute price on his company's rocket launches is coming down, to perhaps as low as $99 million a launch. And while we haven't seen any actual price quotes in this range just yet, ULA does appear to be bidding a bit lower lately. Earlier this month, the Pentagon's daily digest of contract awards featured two key satellite launch awards to Boeing and Lockheed's joint venture, United Launch Alliance. Awarded as modifications to an earlier $7.5 billion Pentagon "block buy" of rocket launches, ULA won two contracts. The company will produce a Delta IV Heavy lift rocket valued at $270.4 million, and an Atlas V 551 rocket valued at $146.5 million. Given that Atlas V launches have been quoted as high as $190 million in the past, while the Delta IV ordinarily runs around $350 million, these appear to be significant price cuts that ULA has offered to the Air Force -- maybe not "$99 million" exactly, but moving in that direction. What it means for investors And yet, lower prices almost certainly portend slimmer profit margins for ULA and its twin owners -- if indeed they can earn a profit at all at prices so far below what they've been used to charging. Right now, S&P Global Market Intelligence data show Boeing's space operations earning that company about 7% operating profit margins (down from 9.4% in 2015). Lockheed's space margins are stronger at 13.5%, but could also be put at risk by the challenge from SpaceX. Between the layoffs, contract losses, and reduced revenue from contracts won, I'd say this risk is very real. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Apr 22, 2017 at 8:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $180.38 up $1.08 (0.60%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $273.09 up $1.24 (0.46%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract President Trump's 2018 Budget: 3 Things Defense Investors Should Hate About It Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets The 7 Priciest Military Planes Made in the USA 3 Cheap Weapons Systems President Trump (and the Pentagon) Would Love Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How SpaceX May Already Be Hurting Profits at Boeing and Lockheed Martin @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $LMT
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Position Raised by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Sells 36,815 Shares of ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 42,876 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 157,938 Shares of Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) National Pension Service Acquires Shares of 126,824 Workday Inc (WDAY) Lynch & Associates IN Has $3.383 Million Position in Boeing Co (BA) Cheniere Energy’s (LNG) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sector Perform Rating for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Genuine Parts Company’s (GPC) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Dow Jones Equity All REIT Total Return Index (REIT) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Textron’s (TXT) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Ring Energy (REI) Receives Buy Rating from Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Instinet Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for McDonald's Co. (MCD) Groupon Inc (GRPN) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.27 Per Share Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for LCNB Corp. (LCNB) Cut by Boenning Scattergood Brokerages Anticipate Herman Miller, Inc. (MLHR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $583.65 Million MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Lynch & Associates IN Has $3.383 Million Position in Boeing Co (BA) April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lynch & Associates IN lowered its stake in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 0.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 19,131 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 25 shares during the period. Boeing accounts for 1.4% of Lynch & Associates IN’s holdings, making the stock its 29th largest position. Lynch & Associates IN’s holdings in Boeing were worth $3,383,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bangor Savings Bank increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 2,221 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $292,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Coastline Trust Co bought a new stake in shares of Boeing during the third quarter valued at about $256,000. Agran Libbie increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 1.6% in the third quarter. Agran Libbie now owns 23,844 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,141,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the last quarter. LaFleur & Godfrey LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 10.9% in the third quarter. LaFleur & Godfrey LLC now owns 24,285 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,199,000 after buying an additional 2,382 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Trust Co. of Vermont increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 17.8% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 16,592 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,186,000 after buying an additional 2,502 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 180.38 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $110.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.70 and a beta of 1.08. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $178.39 and a 200-day moving average price of $160.29. Boeing Co has a 12 month low of $122.35 and a 12 month high of $185.71. Boeing also was the target of unusually large options trading on Friday. Stock traders bought 1,718 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 218% compared to the average daily volume of 540 call options. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.60 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.35 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/lynch-associates-in-has-3-383-million-position-in-boeing-co-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada initiated coverage on shares of Boeing in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 price objective on the stock. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on shares of Boeing from $150.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and issued a $150.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $162.17. In related news, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total value of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 206,827 shares of company stock valued at $34,170,203 in the last ninety days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Space Aerojet Rocketdyne completes tests for human-rated reusable rocket engine David Szondy April 22, 2017 Aerojet Rocketdyne's MR-104J Hydrazine Monopropellant Engine (Credit: Aerojet Rocketdyne) Aerojet Rocketdyne has successfully completed hot-fire qualification tests of its MR-104J liquid-fueled rocket engine. When Boeing's Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 Starliner crew module makes its first manned flight in August 2018, 12 of these human-rated reusable engines will be installed in the capsule to provide thruster maneuverability during re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere. Conducted at Aerojet Rocketdyne's facilities in Redmond, Washington, the tests of the hydrazine monopropellant engine were designed to demonstrate its ability to fulfill the reusability requirements for Boeing's propulsion system under the company's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability subcontract. The equipment can now be sent on to Boeing for installation in the Starliner spacecraft at its Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information Intended to ferry astronauts and cargo to and from the International Space Station, the Starliner's primary propulsion system is housed in its Service Module, but the MR-104J rockets are needed after the module is jettisoned prior to reentry. The new engine shares many features with other reaction control systems, but is designed for better redundancy and improved strength to withstand the shocks of multiple firings over several missions. In addition to the MR-104J, Aerojet Rocketdyne also builds the Starliner's Launch Abort Engines, Orbital Maneuvering and Attitude Control thrusters, and Service Module Reaction Control System thrusters. "Our engineers have incorporated a unique design that will allow the MR-104 engine to be used on multiple missions, providing the reliability, cost-efficiency and reusability our customer needs to be competitive in the current commercial space environment," says Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "We look forward to delivering the engines for the crew module and continuing our proud heritage of enabling astronauts to fly to the International Space Station from US soil." Source: Aerojet Rocketdyne Aerojet Rocketdyne's MR-104J Hydrazine Monopropellant Engine (Credit: Aerojet Rocketdyne) Tags #Boeing #CST-100 #Rocket Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Five early observations about the Samsung Galaxy S8+ Electric cars, concepts and other Auto Shanghai 2017 highlights Before & after photos of melting glaciers capture climate change in action Lilium plans five-seater air taxi after successful unmanned flight Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Space Aerojet Rocketdyne completes tests for human-rated reusable rocket engine Earth and Moon caught between Saturn's rings in new NASA shot One Big Question: What will space exploration look like in 2040? Huge exoplanet with the density of styrofoam discovered Newfound super-Earth represents an excellent hunting spot for E.T. Secret pouch from Apollo 15 up for auction Saturn's moon may be "like a candy store for microbes" Jupiter's Great Red Spot gets a "Great Cold" companion Paper-thin membrane would scoop up orbital space junk Intense auroras adorn Uranus in new Hubble image release Rockets, satellites and a robotic plushy: Photos from the 33rd annual Space Symposium Volunteers find new system of four super-Earths within hours Editors Choice Best of the Big Apple: The most exciting cars from the New York Auto Show Compare the latest tech gear American dreams: The USA's best new homes In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Record levels of renewable energy in 2016, but what else do the numbers say? Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 The good, the bad and the bonkers: eVolo's 2017 Skyscraper Competition This modular camper van is one for the dogs (and their owners) Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News France votes in cliffhanger presidential election on Sunday Hazy conditions to return briefly in Singapore, no major hotspots detected: NEA Yoga helps ulcerative colitis patients by improving quality of life: Study World Earth Day 2017: Images showing gradual disappearance of rain forests World Earth Day 2017: Top 10 quotes to celebrate the blue planet World World Earth Day 2017: Images showing gradual disappearance of rain forests World Earth Day 2017: Top 10 quotes to celebrate the blue planet Philippine defence chief visits disputed Spratly island Philippine fishermen accuse China of firing at vessel in South China Sea The mother of all marches: Deaths and injuries reported amidst anti-government p Asia Pacific Hazy conditions to return briefly in Singapore, no major hotspots detected: NEA World Earth Day 2017: Images showing gradual disappearance of rain forests City Harvest Church's founder Kong Hee along with 4 others begin serving jail te Philippine defence chief visits disputed Spratly island Singapore: Police arrest 9 men for rioting following Clarke Quay carpark killing Business Trump targets cheap Chinese steel in probe, rallying US steel stocks China first-quarter GDP grows faster than expected 6.9 percent, steel output hit In about-face, Trump nominates new head of export bank Singapore economy expands by 2.5% in Q1 triggered by manufacturing, services ind China offers concessions to avert trade war with US, says international daily Technology Call of Duty: WWII reboot officially confirmed, worldwide reveal details teased Boeing's satellite system for global broadband coverage may get Apple funding Apple's data centre to warm homes and produce fertilizer to farmers GTA 5 Online: Happy 4/20 Weed update, new DLC content and secret bonuses reveale Google Home can now recognise different voices Sports Tian Houwei vs Qiao Bin, China Masters 2017 final live streaming: How to watch o Burnley v Manchester United, Premier League 2016/17: How to watch live, TV listi Chelsea v Tottenham Hotspur, FA Cup 2016/17: How to watch live, TV listings, mat IPL 2017, Mumbai Indians v Delhi Daredevils: Live Streaming information, TV list Tampines Rovers vs Garena Young Lions, S.League 2017 live streaming: How to watc Entertainment PSY's comeback album to have multiple music videos Is Mia Khalifa HIV positive? Former porn star responds to reports Song Joong-ki steeping away from acting; says he wants to be himself for a while Ruler: Master of the Mask new stills suggest destined romance and a charming bro Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi had massive fight over food Health Yoga helps ulcerative colitis patients by improving quality of life: Study More grey hair in men increases risk for heart disease: Study Want to shed some weight? Drinking gin can help to shed few kilos by boosting me Suffering from high blood pressure? Eating yogurt is vital for you Chocolate consumption in small quantities reduces heart ailment and diabetes ris Lifestyle George Town's famous Swatow Lane ice kacang stall shuts down Want to shed some weight? Drinking gin can help to shed few kilos by boosting me 2 Kiwifruits a day keep heart problems away: Know more about the little fruit th Ford develops baby crib that acts like car Unique images of runway creations at China Fashion Week 2017 [PHOTOS] Search News Technology Boeing's satellite system for global broadband coverage may get Apple funding April 22, 2017 17:23 SGT By Vinod Yalburgi Boeing's satellite system for global broadband coverage may get Apple funding Apple is allegedly in talks with aerospace giant Boeing regarding an investment deal for a broadband satellite service that covers the entire US as well as the rest of the globe. The Cupertino giant's latest high-profile recruits include two Google executives specialising in satellite imagery and communications, while Boeing's recent regulatory filing further emphasises the latest developments between the two tech giants regarding Apple's funding into the lucrative $30 billion project. Although Boeing has been in constant talks with Apple about their highly-probable partnership on the project, there has been no official confirmation from either of the two companies about finalising the deal. Nevertheless, Tim Farrar (an industry consultant) has recently quoted an insider suggesting that Apple would indeed be funding the Boeing project. Meanwhile, a Boeing spokesman has declined to comment on the latest developments between the two companies. The proposed project basically employs an NGSO (non-geostationary satellite orbit constellations) low-earth orbit satellite system with the goal of achieving superior broadband coverage service globally, including the entire US. According to Boeing's recent FCC filing, it plans to allot and authorise new uplink spectrum in the bands 50.4-51.4GHz and 51.4-52.4GHz to unlock a total of five gigahertz of paired spectrum for V-band operations. The catch here is to offer low latency and faster connection speeds than existing data-network systems, albeit at the same cost to all users regardless of their geographical location. Here are the currently allocated broadband spectrum frequencies for satellite up-linking in the US: 47.2-50.2 GHz: Not yet designated for fixed satellite service use. 50.4-51.4 GHz: Shared between NASA/military and commercial entities, with co-primary allocations for fixed, fixed satellite, mobile and MSS services. 51.4-52.4 GHz: Currently allocated for terrestrial fixed and mobile wireless services. As the aforementioned frequency bands are not used by terrestrial wireless networks, they will be extremely reliable for satellite-based networks that rely on millimetre wave technology and phased array formation for transmission of data through individual frequencies without jamming the signals. Here are the excerpts of Boeing's FCC filing that sums up the whole project: "By bringing comparable Internet speeds, performance and prices to Americans regardless of where they live, satellite broadband systems also have the potential to create new national broadband competitors and re-invigorate the United States telecommunications marketplace." [Source: Bloomberg] Related Apple's data centre to warm homes and produce fertilizer to farmers Apple's highly-rumoured AR glasses revealed in leaked document Apple kicks off money-raising initiative for World Wildlife Fund on Earth Day 2017 Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Call of Duty: WWII reboot officially confirmed, worldwide reveal details teased Apple's data centre to warm homes and produce fertilizer to farmers GTA 5 Online: Happy 4/20 Weed update, new DLC content and secret bonuses revealed Google Home can now recognise different voices Tesla debacle: Lawsuit over faulty semi-autonomous driving system filed, 53,000 vehicles recalled Follow Us: Italian hacker Luca Todesco confirms jailbreaking PS4 firmware 4.50/4.55 2017 Apple iMac vs Microsoft Surface Studio: Which upcoming beast will dominate market? Apple pledges to make eco-friendly iPhones and stop mining soon Apple's highly-rumoured AR glasses revealed in leaked document Apple kicks off money-raising initiative for World Wildlife Fund on Earth Day 2017 IBTimes Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple Hires Google Satellite Executives for New Hardware Team Bloomberg Mark Gurman and Mark Bergen 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL John Cleese calls Trump supporters 'the stupidest people' Four new holidays if Corbyn wins © Mark Gurman and Mark Bergen BC-APPLE-HIRES-TOP-GOOGLE-SATELLITE-EXECUTIVES-FOR-NEW-HARDWARE-TEAM (Bloomberg) -- After revolutionizing phones, Apple Inc. is testing self-driving cars and exploring augmented reality. Recent hires suggest the company is now also looking to the skies.  The iPhone maker has recruited a pair of top Google satellite executives for a new hardware team, according to people familiar with the matter. John Fenwick, who led Google's spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering, left Alphabet Inc.'s Google for Apple in recent weeks, the people said. They report to Greg Duffy, co-founder of camera maker Dropcam, who joined Apple earlier this year, the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about Apple's private plans. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, as did Google. Fenwick, Trela and Duffy didn't respond to requests for comment.  With the recruits, Apple is bringing into its ranks two experts in the demanding, expensive field of satellite design and operation. At the moment, these endeavors typically fall into two fields: satellites for collecting images and those for communications.  In a regulatory filing last year, Boeing Co. detailed a plan to provide broadband access through more than 1,000 satellites in low-earth orbit. The aerospace company has talked with Apple about the technology company being an investor-partner in the project, a person familiar with the situation said. It's unclear if those talks will result in a deal.  At the annual Satellite 2017 conference in Washington D.C. last month, industry insiders said Boeing's project was being funded by Apple, Tim Farrar, a satellite and telecom consultant at TMF Associates Inc., wrote in a recent blog. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment.  "It's not hard to discern why Apple might want to consider a satellite constellation," Farrar wrote, noting a Wall Street Journal report that Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. has forecast $30 billion in revenue from satellite internet by 2025.  A lure for technology companies like Apple, Google and Facebook Inc. is to connect billions of people who don't have internet access yet. The broadband services being explored by Boeing and others would feature low latency and faster speeds than existing cellular systems. "You have a new wave of enthusiastic people who aren't inhibited by the hard knocks of the past," said Roger Rusch, who heads satellite consulting firm TelAstra Inc. Still, TMF's Farrar said there's no guarantee Apple will get involved in the Boeing project. The satellite industry is littered with bankruptcies and other failures. Satellite telephone company Iridium LLC filed for bankruptcy protection in 1999, and Teledesic abandoned its "internet from the sky" plan more than a decade ago.  Indeed, Apple may have hired the Google executives for something other than satellite work. It's already trying to use drones to capture and update map information faster than its existing fleet of camera-and-sensor ladened minivans. And in 2015, it acquired Aether Industries LLC, which develops near-space technology such as high bandwidth radio transceivers and high-altitude balloons. Duffy, Fenwick and Trela's new boss, has mostly consumer product experience from Dropcam. It's internet-connected security camera stored images and video of homes and sent alerts to a smartphone app. Alphabet's Nest acquired the business in 2014. After a tumultuous stint there, Duffy joined Apple to form a new team reporting Dan Riccio, who oversees hardware teams for the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple's augmented reality efforts, the people familiar with the matter said. Fenwick and Trela joined Alphabet's Google in 2014 when the search giant acquired Skybox Imaging, their satellite-imaging startup, for $500 million. However, this year Google sold the renamed business, Terra Bella, to startup Planet Labs Inc., a one-time Skybox rival. Google also planned to invest about $1 billion in an internal satellite internet initiative run by industry veteran Greg Wyler, however Wyler left to start satellite communications firm OneWeb Ltd., and Google ended up investing $1 billion in SpaceX.  Fenwick co-founded Skybox Imaging in 2009 while Trela joined soon after as the company's first outside hire, according to their LinkedIn profiles. Skybox produced satellites about the size of a refrigerator, equipped to take detailed, near-constant images of the earth's surface. Prior to entering the startup world, Fenwick served in the U.S. Air Force and Trela was a spacecraft engineer at John Hopkins University. -- With assistance from Alex Webb, Julie Johnsson and Ashlee Vance To contact the authors of this story: Mark Gurman in San Francisco at mgurman1@bloomberg.net, Mark Bergen in San Francisco at mbergen10@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Alistair Barr at abarr18@bloomberg.net. ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login All Reviews Editorials News Get a Special Apple Watch Badge for Completing an Outdoor Workout on Earth Day macOS: Automatically Format Reminders With Date And Time For the Most Private Browsing Experience, Think Epic Browser Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 22 Faucets That Pay Evade the macOS 'Too Many Open Files' Error by Pushing the Limits Podcasts Apple's Unplanned Augmented Reality Leak - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-21 Artificial Intelligence's Impact on Society - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-20 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → Apple and Others Will Build AIs That Will be Hard to Challenge Apple Offers Animated Look at Yaks, Waste, Breathing Buildings, and Artificial Sweat An Excellent New iPad at a Reasonable Price Apple's Achilles Heel Is Neither the Mac Nor the iPhone Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon. Which Won't Make it to 2067? View All Editorials → Apple Hires Satellite Experts away from Google Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read Apr 21st, 2017 9:05 PM EDT | Analysis Apple has hired away a pair of Google’s top satellite experts, according to Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman. Citing unnamed sources, Mr. Gurman reported that Apple hired John Fenwick, who previously led Google’s spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering at Google. They are part of a new hardware team at Apple headed by another former Googler, Dropcam cofounder Greg Duffy. Apple in the Skies? Apple Hires Satellite Experts The first question you might have is why Apple would want to make satellites. The answer to that could be in a recent Boeing regulatory filing. According to Bloomberg, Boeing is working on plans for a network of 1,000 satellites that would provide broadband internet access. That service could be offered anywhere, including areas with no wired or wireless telephone infrastructure. Boeing has reportedly talked to Apple about being part of the project. Whether or not that’s true, and whether or not Apple is going to work with Boeing, it’s easy to understand that Apple could be interested in offering that sort of service. Opening up the third world to high speed internet access is a goal of many tech giants, and that would certainly include Apple. The company could also turn such an operation into a direct revenue generator in the developed world. Bloomberg noted that Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp. forecasted $30 billion in satellite internet revenues by 2025. That’s serious money even for Apple. Apple could also use a satellite fleet for multiple purposes. The company could take its own photographs for Apple Maps, and sell those images on the open market like Google. Apple could also contribute to or compete with existing global positioning systems. Perhaps most importantly, Apple could use satellites to augment its own data distribution for iTunes and the App Store. Or Maybe Not Apple has tons of projects, most of which get killed along the way. Just because Apple hired two satellite experts and has them working in a new hardware team doesn’t necessarily mean Apple will ever be involved with satellites. In addition, just because these two folks are satellite experts doesn’t necessarily mean this team is even working on satellites. They’re reporting to someone who isn’t a satellite expert, for instance. But, it’s interesting news no matter how you slice it. I think many Apple fans would love for Apple to launch its own ISP, especially if it was dedicated to Apple’s existing commitment to privacy and security. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Google, Satellites 3 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick April 21, 2017 ” In addition, just because these two folks are satellite experts doesn’t necessarily mean this team is even working on satellites.” Not every part of a satelitte system is in orbit. April 21, 2017 at 11:46 EDT PM ibuck April 22, 2017 “I think many Apple fans would love for Apple to launch its own ISP, especially if it was dedicated to Apple’s existing commitment to privacy and security.” That would be out of this world. April 22, 2017 at 1:14 EDT AM wab95 April 22, 2017 Bryan: As you’ve averred, there are a number of potential roles that satellites could play in Apple’s orbit (I know, lame, but irresistible). There are several amongst the low and middle income countries that have made hard target deadlines for rolling out internet access to their remotest regions, some of which will be satellite dependent. If Apple want to have access to these markets, and provide their services and platform, then engaging with Boeing or anyone else in that space (pun not intended), makes strategic sense. This also may provide Apple with an escape route around infrastructure controlled by a hostile or competing interests, be they government or private sector, as the privacy, censorship, and service wars continue to rage without sheriff or shepherd to serve as honest and empowered referee. There is little doubt that Apple have a longterm plan for the further development and consolidation of their platform, which will be dependent on an infrastructure that is future-proofed and option-rich. April 22, 2017 at 3:39 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Hires Satellite Experts away from Google Bryan Chaffin | April 21, 2017 Apple and Others Will Build AIs That Will be Hard to Challenge John Martellaro | April 21, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $142.27 -0.17 (-0.12%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Get a Special Apple Watch Badge for Completing an Outdoor Workout on Earth Day macOS: Automatically Format Reminders With Date And Time For the Most Private Browsing Experience, Think Epic Browser Apple Music Launches Up Next Series with 6LACK Interview Apple Injury Reports Hint at Augmented Reality Glasses Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 22 Faucets That Pay Evade the macOS 'Too Many Open Files' Error by Pushing the Limits macOS: How to Copy Files as Pathnames Set Up Your Own VPN Server in the Cloud for Free or Cheap macOS: How to Roll Back the Firmware on Your AirPort Recent Editorials See All » Apple Hires Satellite Experts away from Google Apple and Others Will Build AIs That Will be Hard to Challenge Apple Runs Up Against State Censorship in China, Again Apple Offers Animated Look at Yaks, Waste, Breathing Buildings, and Artificial Sweat The Punycode Phishing Attack on Web Browsers Ain’t So Puny 15719 Bryan Chaffin analysis 3 1492808754 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Us Contests BCE: 61.34 +0.09 RCI-B: 62.11 -0.38 T: 44.37 +0.17 SJR-B: 28.43 -0.10 QBR-B: 40.40 -0.55 News Apr 22, 2017 5:11 PM EDTXbox FanFest 2017 tickets go live Wednesday, April 26 Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 8:33 PM EDTTwitch’s new Affiliate Program helps more people monetize video ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 6:17 PM EDTRogers to start roll out of Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update on May 1 Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Apr 21, 2017 5:10 PM EDTThe Galaxy S8 comes with a special version of Google Play Music Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... Carriers Apr 20, 2017 4:00 PM EDTCRTC passes judgement against Vidéotron Unlimited Music, publishes di... Apr 20, 2017 12:56 PM EDTFollowing CRTC decision, Sugar Mobile ends life as backdoor MVNO Apr 20, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTelus brings free Wi-Fi to Montreal, will launch C-RAN technology in Q... Apr 20, 2017 11:02 AM EDTTelus’ Pik TV media box is now available in BC and Alberta Apr 20, 2017 9:28 AM EDTBell rolls out support for Quad Band LTE Apr 19, 2017 9:05 PM EDTTraditional TV subs will decline by 247,000 in Canada this year, predi... Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Manufacturers Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 12:18 PM EDTTCL teases BlackBerry KEYone news for next week, reveals retail packaging Apr 20, 2017 9:08 PM EDTGoogle and Huawei sued over Nexus 6P bootloop and battery drain issues Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Apr 17, 2017 1:27 PM EDTApple now has a permit to test self-driving cars in California Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Phones Apr 21, 2017 6:17 PM EDTRogers to start roll out of Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update on May 1 Apr 21, 2017 2:46 PM EDTHTC’s ‘squeezable’ Ocean smartphone will be official... Apr 21, 2017 12:24 PM EDTSome Huawei P10 and P10 Plus devices run at slower memory speeds than ... Apr 21, 2017 11:37 AM EDTHere’s how much it reportedly costs Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 Apr 21, 2017 10:37 AM EDTSamsung plans to release update to fix Galaxy S8 and S8+ red tint issue Apr 21, 2017 8:29 AM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are now available in Canada Apr 20, 2017 9:09 PM EDTShopify’s new Unity Buy SDK lets mobile developers sell products... Apr 20, 2017 6:35 PM EDTThe ‘My apps & games’ section of the Play Store has b... Tablets Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Wearables Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Apr 20, 2017 4:21 PM EDTMoto 360 Gen 2, Huawei Watch and Asus ZenWatch 3 to get Android Wear 2... Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... Apr 18, 2017 9:01 PM EDTLenovo exec says VR/MR headset based on HoloLens tech is coming in tim... Apr 18, 2017 7:07 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Google Earth enters VR orbit Apr 13, 2017 9:32 AM EDTGarmin’s new Vivosmart 3 fitness tracker will likely make some F... Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Virtual Reality Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apps/Games Apr 22, 2017 5:11 PM EDTXbox FanFest 2017 tickets go live Wednesday, April 26 Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 5:10 PM EDTThe Galaxy S8 comes with a special version of Google Play Music Apr 21, 2017 3:29 PM EDTSnap and Mobli sign $7.7 million deal surrounding geofilter patent Apr 21, 2017 10:09 AM EDTWeb developers can now add Apple’s Live Photos to their websites Apr 21, 2017 8:51 AM EDTMajor Windows 10 feature updates will come every March and September, ... Apr 20, 2017 3:36 PM EDTApple launches Canada 150 ‘Best Game Makers’ App Store sec... Apr 20, 2017 3:00 PM EDTSasktatoon-based Noodlecake Studios and Glitchnap release puzzle game ... Automotive Apr 21, 2017 10:19 AM EDTTesla iOS and Android app update adds Powerwall support Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Accessories Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Apr 17, 2017 7:31 PM EDTEcobee4 rumoured to feature built-in microphone and Alexa integration,... Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Reviews Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Phones Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Resources Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees How-to's Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Rate Plans Business Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Syrup Community Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! SyrupCast Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Apple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report By Rose Behar Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDT2017-04-21EDT21:02:54-04:002017-04-21EDT18:39:52-04:00 9 comments Apple just recruited two Google executives with expertise in satellite development to create a new hardware team, according to Bloomberg‘s Mark Gurman and Mark Bergen.  The hires — John Fenwick, who led Google’s spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering — indicate Apple has an interest in developing satellites, and Bloomberg further reveals that it’s likely those satellites will be used for broadband internet, a theory backed up by insider information from Boeing. Boeing laid out a plan to provide broadband internet access through over 1,000 low-earth orbiting satellites in a 2016 regulatory filing, and a source “familiar with the matter” told Bloomberg that Apple spoke with the aerospace company about coming an investor-partner in the project. Further, TMF Associates satellite and telecom consultant Tim Farrar wrote in a recent blog post that industry insiders said Boeing’s project was being funded by Apple at the annual Satellite 2017 conference in Washington D.C. Farrar noted that a Wall Street Journal article reported that Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies has forecast $30 billion in revenue from satellite internet by 2025, showing the potential of the field. One of the major lures for tech companies like Apple, Google and Facebook to develop broadband internet is to tap into the large demographic of people who don’t yet have internet access, notes Bloomberg. Facebook has long espoused this goal. The report also states that Apple might be putting its satellite experts to work on something else closely related — such as drones or near space technology like high bandwidth radio transceivers or high-altitude balloons. Whatever it is, however, likely has its home in the sky. Source: Bloomberg Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles The Galaxy S8 comes with a special version of Google Play Music Some Huawei P10 and P10 Plus devices run at slower memory speeds than others Here’s how much it reportedly costs Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 TCL teases BlackBerry KEYone news for next week, reveals retail packaging Samsung plans to release update to fix Galaxy S8 and S8+ red tint issue Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Apr 20, 2017 3:36 PM EDT Apple launches Canada 150 ‘Best Game Makers’ App Store section News Apr 20, 2017 4:21 PM EDT Moto 360 Gen 2, Huawei Watch and Asus ZenWatch 3 to get Android Wear 2.0 at the ‘end of Apr... News Apr 20, 2017 10:18 AM EDT Apple plans to eventually end mining and move to using 100 percent recycled materials News Apr 20, 2017 9:08 PM EDT Google and Huawei sued over Nexus 6P bootloop and battery drain issues Comments Pingback: Apple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report | Daily Update() TrickyDickie Bet they just want to use them to guide their little iCars around… It’s Me Just? That would be a pretty damn big deal for an autonomous vehicle network to have access to a dedicated and higher accuracy network of positioning sats. TrickyDickie We’ll have to wait and see on the accuracy lol But it would be impressive. And within their mantra of controlling all aspects of their stuff. It’s Me true enough. But if it is only as accurate as the existing and publicly accessible GPS network, I don’t see Apple wanting to invest tens of billions of dollars to have their own. Controlling their own systems and supplies is important but only when their is some type of advantage. Boeing isn’t exactly new to the aerospace business. Beautiful Blessings Wear ye a tinfoil hat, oh Cynic of Corinth. Pingback: Apple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report - Apple Watch 101() Rev0lver https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f0c23d8ab8fcb7e627f94a22b726e392ff2805445475daf7585be79e82b099c9.gif Beautiful Blessings Aaaaaaagh! Verily, it has come to pass!!! Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 22, 2017 5:11 PM EDTXbox FanFest 2017 tickets go live Wednesday, April 26 Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 8:33 PM EDTTwitch’s new Affiliate Program helps more people monetize video ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 6:17 PM EDTRogers to start roll out of Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update on May 1 Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Apr 21, 2017 5:10 PM EDTThe Galaxy S8 comes with a special version of Google Play Music Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... All News Carriers Apr 20, 2017 4:00 PM EDTCRTC passes judgement against Vidéotron Unlimited Music, publishes di... Apr 20, 2017 12:56 PM EDTFollowing CRTC decision, Sugar Mobile ends life as backdoor MVNO Apr 20, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTelus brings free Wi-Fi to Montreal, will launch C-RAN technology in Q... Apr 20, 2017 11:02 AM EDTTelus’ Pik TV media box is now available in BC and Alberta Apr 20, 2017 9:28 AM EDTBell rolls out support for Quad Band LTE Apr 19, 2017 9:05 PM EDTTraditional TV subs will decline by 247,000 in Canada this year, predi... Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Manufacturers Apr 21, 2017 9:02 PM EDTApple might be investigating broadband satellites, according to report Apr 21, 2017 12:18 PM EDTTCL teases BlackBerry KEYone news for next week, reveals retail packaging Apr 20, 2017 9:08 PM EDTGoogle and Huawei sued over Nexus 6P bootloop and battery drain issues Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Apr 17, 2017 1:27 PM EDTApple now has a permit to test self-driving cars in California Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Phones Apr 21, 2017 6:17 PM EDTRogers to start roll out of Samsung Galaxy S6 Nougat update on May 1 Apr 21, 2017 2:46 PM EDTHTC’s ‘squeezable’ Ocean smartphone will be official... Apr 21, 2017 12:24 PM EDTSome Huawei P10 and P10 Plus devices run at slower memory speeds than ... Apr 21, 2017 11:37 AM EDTHere’s how much it reportedly costs Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 Apr 21, 2017 10:37 AM EDTSamsung plans to release update to fix Galaxy S8 and S8+ red tint issue Apr 21, 2017 8:29 AM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy S8 and S8+ are now available in Canada Apr 20, 2017 9:09 PM EDTShopify’s new Unity Buy SDK lets mobile developers sell products... Apr 20, 2017 6:35 PM EDTThe ‘My apps & games’ section of the Play Store has b... Tablets Apr 21, 2017 4:12 PM EDTQualcomm CEO says the first ARM-based Windows 10 PCs will arrive in Q4... Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Wearables Apr 21, 2017 5:19 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear VR with included controller is now available ... Apr 20, 2017 4:21 PM EDTMoto 360 Gen 2, Huawei Watch and Asus ZenWatch 3 to get Android Wear 2... Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... Apr 18, 2017 9:01 PM EDTLenovo exec says VR/MR headset based on HoloLens tech is coming in tim... Apr 18, 2017 7:07 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Google Earth enters VR orbit Apr 13, 2017 9:32 AM EDTGarmin’s new Vivosmart 3 fitness tracker will likely make some F... Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Virtual Reality Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apps/Games Apr 22, 2017 5:11 PM EDTXbox FanFest 2017 tickets go live Wednesday, April 26 Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 5:10 PM EDTThe Galaxy S8 comes with a special version of Google Play Music Apr 21, 2017 3:29 PM EDTSnap and Mobli sign $7.7 million deal surrounding geofilter patent Apr 21, 2017 10:09 AM EDTWeb developers can now add Apple’s Live Photos to their websites Apr 21, 2017 8:51 AM EDTMajor Windows 10 feature updates will come every March and September, ... Apr 20, 2017 3:36 PM EDTApple launches Canada 150 ‘Best Game Makers’ App Store sec... Apr 20, 2017 3:00 PM EDTSasktatoon-based Noodlecake Studios and Glitchnap release puzzle game ... Automotive Apr 21, 2017 10:19 AM EDTTesla iOS and Android app update adds Powerwall support Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Accessories Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Apr 17, 2017 7:31 PM EDTEcobee4 rumoured to feature built-in microphone and Alexa integration,... Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Reviews Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course All Reviews Phones Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 22, 2017 12:55 PM EDTHit the waves this weekend with Tidal Rider [Game of the Week] Apr 22, 2017 9:47 AM EDTKeep track of how well you’re eating with MyFitness Pal [App of ... Apr 21, 2017 7:44 PM EDTFlinthook commandeering space pirate ships with his trusty hook [This ... Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 21, 2017 2:42 PM EDTWhat the CRTC’s zero rating decision means for net neutrality in... Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Resources Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees All Resources How-to's Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Rate Plans Business Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... All Business Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 20, 2017 12:01 PM EDTMastercard unveils credit card with fingerprint scanner Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 21, 2017 7:29 AM EDTCanada reportedly falling behind in clean tech sector Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Syrup Community Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 21, 2017 12:27 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 117: The ‘Essential’ S8 podcast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing lays off Washington workers; total could be hundreds Dan Catchpole Sat Apr 22nd, 2017 7:02am BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Friday was an unseasonably sunny day in Everett, but that probably was little comfort for the hundreds of Boeing workers who were laid off. Nearly 500 union workers were told they’ll be without jobs in 60 days. A Boeing spokesman declined to say how many non-union workers were laid off. Managers were included in the layoffs. The cuts are part of a company-wide campaign to slash costs that Boeing executives say is necessary to stay competitive. While the company faces financial and market challenges, its executives have added to them by repeatedly pledging to boost profits to record highs and rain more cash on shareholders. Boeing laid off 277 engineers and technical workers represented by the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA), including 191 in Everett. It also laid off 217 Machinists union members. Some of the Machinists already had been laid off in March, according to Jon Holden, head of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) District Lodge 751, which represents roughly 30,000 Boeing workers around Puget Sound and in Portland. “I hate to see layoffs,” Holden said. “These jobs are so important for our communities and the aerospace industry” in Washington. Competitors already are trying to snap up talented engineers and others. “We’ve been contacted by recruiters for Raytheon, Honda and a third aerospace firm in Palm Beach,” Florida, SPEEA spokesman Bill Dugovich said. He did not know who the Palm Beach recruiter represents. Lockheed Martin recruiters recently came to the area searching for talented engineers. “That’s good news for laid-off engineers — and bad news for Boeing,” which trained many of the people laid off Friday, Dugovich said. Boeing is past the busiest periods for several major development programs: the 737 MAX, 777X and 787-10. So, the layoffs could simply reflect the declining workload, said Scott Hamilton, an aerospace analyst based on Bainbridge Island. Most of the laid-off SPEEA members work at Boeing Commercial Airplanes: 247 compared to 30 assigned to Boeing Defense, Space & Security. From SPEEA’s perspective, the layoffs have more to do with promises to shareholders than development schedules, Dugovich said. The company faces financial headwinds in the next few years. Its top-earning jetliner programs, the 777 and 737, are expected to bring in less profit — for different reasons. Orders for new airplanes have dropped as airlines’ credit cards cool off following a nearly decade-long spending spree. At the same time, Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg repeatedly has pledged to rain more cash on shareholders and to boost profit to record highs. He and other company executives say that cost-cutting, increasing efficiency, better earnings from the 787 program and cranking up 737 production will offset the financial headwinds. Chicago-based Boeing has slashed its workforce over the past few years. Company executives in December said they plan to cut jobs in 2017 at about the same pace as last year, when Boeing’s total workforce dropped by nearly 11,000, including about 7,000 jobs cut in the commercial airplane division. The company continued cutting jobs this year with a new round of buyouts and limited layoffs. So far, the company has trimmed more than 2,000 jobs this year, including about 1,800 buyouts and more than 200 layoffs. At the end of March, the aerospace giant employed 146,962 people around the world. Nearly half — 70,640 — work in Washington, including more than 35,000 in Everett. The number of Boeing workers in the state has dropped by nearly 9,000 since the end of 2015. Boeing Commercial Airplanes, based in Renton, is the company’s largest division, and employed 74,196 people as of March 30. That is down from 83,508 at the end of 2015, an 11 percent reduction. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole @heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Aerospace blog Boeing lays off Washington workers; total could be hundreds EVERETT — Friday was an unseasonably sunny day in Everett, but that… Apr 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Flooding closes road near Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — A downpour that lasted about an hour Thursday caused… Apr 21st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Snohomish High students raising money to feed families SNOHOMISH — It started as a way to bring Snohomish families together… Apr 21st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Julie Muhlstein Focus is on kindness at annual Human Services Breakfast It takes kindness, collaboration and money. Those are building blocks for a… Apr 21st, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Multiple events are planned to observe Saturday’s Earth Day EVERETT — Earth Day events are sprouting around Snohomish County on Saturday.… Apr 21st, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:29pm Sun 23 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple hires Google satellite executives for new hardware team By Mark Bergen, Mark Gurman 11:45 AM Saturday Apr 22, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Mobile Business Personal Media Devices Technology iPhone & iPad Recent hires suggest the company is now also looking to the skies. Photo / Chris Ratcliffe After revolutionizing phones, Apple is testing self-driving cars and exploring augmented reality. Recent hires suggest the company is now also looking to the skies. The iPhone maker has recruited a pair of top Google satellite executives for a new hardware team, according to people familiar with the matter. John Fenwick, who led Google's spacecraft operations, and Michael Trela, head of satellite engineering, left Alphabet's Google for Apple in recent weeks, the people said. They report to Greg Duffy, co-founder of camera maker Dropcam, who joined Apple earlier this year, the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about Apple's private plans. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, as did Google. Fenwick, Trela and Duffy didn't respond to requests for comment. With the recruits, Apple is bringing into its ranks two experts in the demanding, expensive field of satellite design and operation. At the moment, these endeavors typically fall into two fields: satellites for collecting images and those for communications. In a regulatory filing last year, Boeing detailed a plan to provide broadband access through more than 1,000 satellites in low-earth orbit. The aerospace company has talked with Apple about the technology company being an investor-partner in the project, a person familiar with the situation said. It's unclear if those talks will result in a deal. At the annual Satellite 2017 conference in Washington D.C. last month, industry insiders said Boeing's project was being funded by Apple, Tim Farrar, a satellite and telecom consultant at TMF Associates, wrote in a recent blog. Continued below. Related Content Brian Gaynor: No reason to go back to the bad old days 60-plus, swindled and flat broke Imposing GST on low-value imports doesn't level the playing field A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. "It's not hard to discern why Apple might want to consider a satellite constellation," Farrar wrote, noting a Wall Street Journal report that Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp. has forecast $30 billion in revenue from satellite internet by 2025. A lure for technology companies like Apple, Google and Facebook is to connect billions of people who don't have internet access yet. The broadband services being explored by Boeing and others would feature low latency and faster speeds than existing cellular systems. "You have a new wave of enthusiastic people who aren't inhibited by the hard knocks of the past," said Roger Rusch, who heads satellite consulting firm TelAstra. Still, TMF's Farrar said there's no guarantee Apple will get involved in the Boeing project. The satellite industry is littered with bankruptcies and other failures. Satellite telephone company Iridium filed for bankruptcy protection in 1999, and Teledesic abandoned its "internet from the sky" plan more than a decade ago. It's not hard to discern why Apple might want to consider a satellite constellation. Tim Farrar, a satellite and telecom consultant at TMF Associates Indeed, Apple may have hired the Google executives for something other than satellite work. It's already trying to use drones to capture and update map information faster than its existing fleet of camera-and-sensor ladened minivans. And in 2015, it acquired Aether Industries, which develops near-space technology such as high bandwidth radio transceivers and high-altitude balloons. Duffy, Fenwick and Trela's new boss, has mostly consumer product experience from Dropcam. It's internet-connected security camera stored images and video of homes and sent alerts to a smartphone app. Alphabet's Nest acquired the business in 2014. After a tumultuous stint there, Duffy joined Apple to form a new team reporting Dan Riccio, who oversees hardware teams for the iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple's augmented reality efforts, the people familiar with the matter said. Fenwick and Trela joined Alphabet's Google in 2014 when the search giant acquired Skybox Imaging, their satellite-imaging startup, for $500 million. However, this year Google sold the renamed business, Terra Bella, to startup Planet Labs, a one-time Skybox rival. Google also planned to invest about $1 billion in an internal satellite internet initiative run by industry veteran Greg Wyler, however Wyler left to start satellite communications firm OneWeb, and Google ended up investing $1 billion in SpaceX. Fenwick co-founded Skybox Imaging in 2009 while Trela joined soon after as the company's first outside hire, according to their LinkedIn profiles. Skybox produced satellites about the size of a refrigerator, equipped to take detailed, near-constant images of the earth's surface. Prior to entering the startup world, Fenwick served in the U.S. Air Force and Trela was a spacecraft engineer at John Hopkins University. By Mark Bergen, Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Racing: Ruakaka awaits funding impact New Zealand Racing Board's $24m funding announcement could be good for Northland. Hawke's Bay Today Flat conditions pave way for boating comp Aucklanders triumph at offshore power boat comp Bay of Plenty Times Patrick Swayze's cheetah trainer opens animal rehab centre in Tauranga A Tauranga women is opening a multimillion dollar animal rehab centre High Hopes Haven… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-AMG C43: The New Coupe Cometh The twin-turbo V6 AMG C 43 Coupe is a Mercedes performance car that stands apart. Viva Five stylish places to have on your radar Here's some inspiration for this year's mid-winter escape True Commercial Cafe for sale on Thermal Explorer Highway The Glade Road House Cafe at Tirau is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 23 Apr 2017 19:01:36 Processing Time: 35ms
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Watch ‘Science Guy’ Bill Nye’s epic defense of science at ‘March for Science’ in Washington, D.C. Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction ‘The oceans are rising and so are we.’ Photos, tweets, and more from Seattle’s March for Science This Week in Seattle: Mayoral race heats up with income tax proposals and new contenders Week in Geek: Facebook tries telepathic typing, inside an Amazon greenhouse, and more Seahawks star Russell Wilson, astronaut Buzz Aldrin share inspiration with students at WE Day Report: Maybe Google won’t use Chrome to destroy web advertising Upstream Music Fest + Summit releases app with key features for diving into inaugural Seattle event University of Washington among top schools at turning ideas into patents and startups, study says Geek of the Week: CIDR president John Aitchison could have been a pro sailor, but chose to cure deadly diseases instead With the release of Amazon Lex, AWS asks: Developers, can you build me a chatbot? Element Data raises $1.7M to power platform that helps people make decisions using A.I. Samsung Galaxy S8 released, comes with Amazon camera search technology built in Stay up and look up as annual Lyrid meteor shower is expected to put on a show this weekend Thirsty Thursday with GeekWire: Photos from our hoppin’ happy hour at Pike Brewing GeekWire Awards: Last day to vote in 14 categories, tickets on sale for the party Techstars grad Stackery raises cash from Voyager, aiming to disrupt DevOps cloud infrastructure market with serverless toolset Seattle Mayor Ed Murray floats city income tax proposal on ‘high-end’ households GeekWire Deals: Relieve stress with a high-definition WiFi pet monitor Geared Up: iPhone rumors, a potential SNES Classic Edition and strong words for Facebook’s VR chat Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Vote for Geekiest Office Space: The coolest tech office spaces in the Seattle area GeekWire Awards: From marketing to machine learning, vote for your favorite App of the Year Vote for Innovation of the Year: Groundbreaking tech for driverless cars, VR, data centers and more A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud What to do if an asteroid comes our way How Facebook’s Seattle office helped the company’s newest innovations come to fruition Underwater warehouses? Amazon’s aquatic fulfillment centers could make it so Fashion-focused Amazon wins patent for ‘on-demand apparel manufacturing’ Startup led by ex-Amazon manager and Obama tech policy guru raises $3.5M to navigate the ‘opaque, intimidating, and high-stakes’ immigration process Full Interview: Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer discusses USAFacts, his “10-K for government” GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year Zulily co-founder Mark Vadon strikes e-commerce gold yet again as pet supply retailer Chewy sells for $3.35B Seattle Mayor Ed Murray floats city income tax proposal on ‘high-end’ households 6 lessons ‘Ghost in the Shell’ can teach you about cybersecurity Boeing will send layoff notices to hundreds of engineers, and more job cuts lie ahead Amazon’s growth on full display in greenhouse where exotic plants are raised for its Spheres Walmart’s potential acquisition of Bonobos could help retail giant challenge Amazon Trending: ‘The oceans are rising and so are we.’ Photos, tweets, and more from Seattle’s March for Science Space & Science Watch ‘Science Guy’ Bill Nye’s epic defense of science at ‘March for Science’ in Washington, D.C. by Todd Bishop on April 22, 2017 at 5:25 pmApril 22, 2017 at 5:36 pm Comments  1 Share  87 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Bill Nye “the Science Guy,” the television personality and former Boeing engineer who got his start in Seattle TV sketch comedy, gave a rousing speech in defense of science at the March for Science today in Washington, D.C. — to the traditional chant of “Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill!” from the crowd. Watch his address above and continue reading for a transcript. Bill Nye, Planetary Society CEO and host of “Bill Nye Saves The World.” Greetings, greetings, follow citizens! We are marching today to remind people everywhere — our lawmakers, especially — of the significance of science for our health and prosperity. The process of science has enabled humankind to discover the laws of nature. This understanding has, in turn, has enabled us to feed and care for the world’s billions, build great cities, establish effective governments, create global transportation systems, explore outer space, and know the cosmos. RELATED: Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction The framers of the Constitution of the United States, which has become a model for constitutional governments everywhere, included Article 1, Section 8, which refers to promoting the progress of science and useful arts. Its intent is to motivate innovators and drive the economy by means of just laws. They knew that, without the progress of science and useful arts, of engineering, our economy would falter. Without scientifically literate citizens the United States — any country, in fact — cannot compete on the world stage. Yet today we have a great many lawmakers — not just here, but around the world — deliberately ignoring and actively suppressing science. Their inclination is misguided, and in no one’s best interest. Our lives are in every way improved by having clean water, reliable electricity and access to electronic global information. Each is a product of scientific discoveries, diligent research and thoughtful engineering. These vital services are connected to policy issues, which can only be addressed competently by understanding the natural laws in play. Some may consider science the purview of a special or separate type of citizen — one who pursues natural facts and generates numerical models for their own sake. But our numbers here today show the world that science is for all. Our lawmakers must know and accept that science serves every one of us. Every citizen of every nation in society. Science must shape policy. Science is universal. Science brings out the best in us. With an informed, optimistic view of the future, together, we can — dare, I say it — SAVE THE WORLD! Thank you! … Science! GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle filed this report from the March for Science in Washington, D.C. Also see GeekWire’s coverage from the Seattle event. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 1 Share  87 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryScenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: Bill Nye • March for Science GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories March for Science spotlights Bill Nye plus Lydia Villa-Komaroff, Mona Hanna-Attisha ‘Bill Nye: Science Guy’ documentary film will premiere at SXSW — project set Kickstarter record Science rules! Bill Nye returning to TV to ‘Save the World’ with his own show on Netflix Scenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Previous StoryScenes from the ‘other Washington’: D.C.’s March for Science sparks a chain reaction Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Relieve stress with a high-definition WiFi pet monitor GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful WordPress site with this theme library Most Popular on GeekWire Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Vote for Geekiest Office Space: The coolest tech office spaces in the Seattle area Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical RecruiterFormula Resources Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish Security Software EngineerOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Global Specialty Coffee Expo celebrates roasts from Kenya in Seattle, the nation’s coffee capital Read More Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Global Specialty Coffee Expo celebrates roasts from Kenya in Seattle, the nation’s coffee capital Read More Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Preview Stocks Unlikely to Plunge if D.C. Shuts Down The average decline has been just 0.6% during the 18 shutdowns over the past four decades. April 22, 2017 12:47 a.m. ET Review | Dates to Watch For | Follow-Up: Alcoa | Follow-Up: Harley-Davidson | U.S. Economic Calendar | Consensus Estimates | Coming Earnings | Coming U.S. Auctions A possible shutdown of the U.S. government this month, some investors fear, would be the latest example of Washington dysfunction that weakens the stock market. The good news: The history of the past 40 years of government closures doesn’t support that gloomy narrative.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why Amazon Can’t Kill Costco Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Top Hedge Fund’s Unusual Value Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Business Economy Are Trump's plans to revive Export-Import Bank a good thing? A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S., Tuesday, July 28, 2015, in Washington. The fe Jacquelyn Martin / AP A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S., Tuesday, July 28, 2015, in Washington. A man walks out of the Export-Import Bank of the U.S., Tuesday, July 28, 2015, in Washington. (Jacquelyn Martin / AP) By Phillip MolnarContact Reporter Export-Import Bank of the United States Donald Trump President Donald Trump plans to revive the Export-Import Bank of the United States, which provides loans to foreign entities to enable them to buy American goods. Some conservatives have argued it hurts American jobs and interferes in the free market. Many large companies, like Pfizer, cheered the move. Question: Do you think reviving the Export-Import Bank of the United States is a good thing? Phil Blair Phil Blair, Manpower Not participating this week. Kelly Cunningham Kelly Cunningham, National University System NO: While claiming to help small business, 97 percent of the bank’s loan guarantees go to just 10 corporations, led by Boeing and General Electric. Forcing working Americans to subsidize the trade of wealthy companies that can easily afford their own is not sound economic policy. It is the backwards form of corporate welfare subsidizing rich companies. Government guaranteeing of the loans results in money poorly invested, serving special interests, and businesses being an extension of politics. David Ely David Ely, San Diego State University YES: In an ideal world, firms would compete for customers in global markets without the involvement of government agencies. However, many national governments have created entities like the U.S. Export-Import Bank to facilitate the financing of exports to foreign buyers on attractive terms. Without the support of the Export-Import Bank, U.S. firms pursuing customers in global markets would find themselves at a competitive disadvantage to their foreign competitors. Gina Champion-Cain Gina Champion-Cain, American National Investments NO: The Export-Import bank is a political tool as evidenced by both presidents Trump and Obama having railed against it on the campaign trail only to support it once elected. Conceptually, the bank was to aid U.S. small-business export markets. In practice the program almost exclusively provides below market financing for the largest corporations in the country. Three months into the new administration we can now rest assured that policy is firmly in the hands of lobbyists. Alan Gin Alan Gin, University of San Diego YES: Conservatives argue that the Export-Import Bank interferes with the market mechanism, which is the case. However, in doing so, it helps promote the purchase of goods manufactured in the United States and, in turn, employment in those industries. It is particularly important in helping people and companies in foreign countries buy big-ticket items such as airplanes, farm equipment, and industrial equipment. There are probably some abuses in the program, but they should be corrected as opposed to eliminating the program completely. James Hamilton James Hamilton, UC San Diego NO: The Export-Import Bank helps foreigners buy goods from certain U.S. firms. The bank may subsidize sales of Boeing jets to Emirates Airlines in hopes of boosting U.S. exports of planes. But when a foreign resident purchases a ticket from Delta Airlines, that also counts as a U.S. export. If the bank helps Emirates take market share from Delta, it’s not clear that it’s increasing exports overall. These decisions too easily become another way politicians can reward their supporters. Gary London Gary London, London Moeder Advisors Not participating this week Norm Miller Norm Miller, University of San Diego NO: Such a government bank does nothing for smaller manufacturers and the larger U.S. companies have other private sector alternatives to help finance purchases, including seller financing off their own balance sheets. I’d prefer the government stay out of ventures the private market can handle solo, and not compete with private banks or the capital markets. This is one agency we do not need to re-start. Jamie Moraga Jamie Moraga, IntelliSolutions YES: It may help increase U.S. manufacturing jobs and allow the U.S. to compete more globally with other countries. The Export-Import Bank is designed to help provide loan guarantees to foreign buyers that they can’t get from conventional lenders. Without it, business is likely to go to foreign suppliers. The Bank helps large corporations like Boeing, General Electric, and Caterpillar, and their extensive supply chains that include small businesses, remain competitive in the global marketplace. Approximately 85 countries have similar Export-Import Banks; without one, it could put the U.S. at a global competitive disadvantage. Austin Neudecker Austin Neudecker, Rev Not participating this week. Bob Rauch, R.A. Rauch & Associates YES: The Export-Import Bank provides for American companies to compete in foreign markets or where countries require government guarantees that the bank's loans provide. President Trump must staff this with experienced banking executives with strong opposition to cronyism, the primary objection to this organization. The bank can and should be an important element in boosting the economy and specifically manufacturing employment. Lynn Reaser Lynn Reaser, Point Loma Nazarene University NO: It is a form of corporate subsidy and gives preferential treatment to companies, ranging from aircraft manufacturers to farmers, who benefit. A company with only domestic customers receives no benefit. It is a form of credit allocation, where political factors can dominate. Its only defense is that it counters subsidies offered by other countries to boost their exporting firms. A better solution would be to work towards such practices by all. Chris Van Gorder Chris Van Gorder, Scripps Health YES: If President Trump truly intends to reform the Export-Import Bank and eliminate cronyism, I believe reviving the bank could be a good thing. Historically, these loans have mostly favored a few large corporations, such as Boeing and GE, rather than benefiting smaller businesses, hence the criticism that it interferes with free markets. I don't agree with the argument that it hurts American jobs, given the purpose of the bank is to finance foreign purchases of American goods. Have an idea for an EconoMeter question? Email roger.showley@sduniontribune.com On Twitter: @rogershowley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 67°
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Alert 65° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 65° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Swiss battery maker Alevo announced at a 2014 event that it would hire about 500 workers by the end of 2015, but hiring and production at the plant have lagged projections T. Ortega Gaines ogaines@charlotteobserver.com Business April 21, 2017 3:04 PM How a Concord company landed millions in tax breaks despite questions over its finances By Rick Rothacker rrothacker@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story North Carolina officials repeatedly raised questions about the finances of a high-tech battery company before pledging millions of dollars in tax incentives for a Concord plant expansion earlier this year, documents obtained by the Observer show. With great fanfare in 2014, Swiss-based Alevo took over the former Philip Morris cigarette plant in Concord, northeast of Charlotte. But hiring and production at the plant have lagged projections. The company also gained attention recently because a Russian billionaire has quietly become a major investor. In February, N.C. Gov. Roy Cooper praised Alevo’s plan to add more than 200 jobs in Concord in return for $2.6 million in tax incentives over 12 years. But during months of negotiations, Commerce Department officials pressed the company for financial information and raised questions about whether it could pull off the expansion, emails and documents obtained through a public records request show. “Did you have a discussion with the company re their losses???” commerce department official Stewart Dickinson asked a colleague only a day before the state approved the incentives package. Hours later, Dickinson directed the colleague to add a provision requiring Alevo to submit annual financial statements and show positive cash flow before receiving any payments. The documents and emails provide a window into how the state weighed taxpayer incentives for a company with a minimal track record. When recruiting jobs, state officials often target big-name public companies such as Mercedes or Boeing, where competition with other states is the main concern. In the case of Alevo, officials appear to have been more focused on evaluating the viability of a riskier startup. The documents also give a glimpse of the financial health of the privately held company that has gained global attention for its promises to revolutionize the battery industry. During six months of talks, the number of planned jobs dropped by 40 percent and the proposed tax incentives fell by nearly 60 percent. Under the incentives package, the state only makes payments once the new jobs are created. The company is also receiving more than $10 million in performance-based incentives from the city of Concord and Cabarrus County, plus about $303,000 for employee training. Beth Gargan, a commerce spokeswoman, said the agency couldn’t comment on the financial situation of a private company but said it’s customary to request annual financial information. The department wants “to make sure that companies that receive state incentives stay financially sound,” she said. Gargan said she didn’t have details on why the job number changed, but said it’s “very common in the extended time period that we work with companies.” Scott Schotter, Alevo’s chief marketing and sustainability officer, said the company looks forward to continuing to grow in Concord in line with the state’s Job Development Incentive Grant, or JDIG, program. “Alevo is on track to meet or exceed the job creation requirements of the program and is delighted that it chose a state with such a robust and technical workforce,” Schotter said in a statement. “It is important to note that all incentives are performance-based – if Alevo does not meet or exceed the requirements agreed to with the state, the state will not disburse any grant money.” Russian connection Alevo (pronounced a-lay-vo) aims to shake up the energy industry by selling boxcar-sized batteries that store excess electricity generated by power plants. The company’s innovation is an inorganic electrolyte that means its lithium-ion batteries won’t catch fire or explode. The company’s decision to launch a new factory in the former Philip Morris campus was a boon for local officials who had seen thousands of jobs and tax dollars depart when the tobacco giant shut down operations there. Alevo founder Jostein Eikeland is a Norwegian entrepreneur whose business career has seen hits and misses. His website portrays him as a pioneer in cloud computing, but he also helmed a company that filed for bankruptcy in 2008. He has faced questions about his taxes in Norway, although an Alevo spokesman told McClatchy last month that he no longer has any liabilities in that country. As Eikeland has built the company, he has needed more capital to expand operations. Enter Dmitry Rybolovlev, a Russian oligarch who made his money as a fertilizer magnate. Now the owner of a Monaco soccer team, he has gained notoriety for an expensive divorce and for buying Donald Trump’s Palm Beach mansion in 2008 for about $100 million. Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev is a major Alevo investor. AP Lionel Cironneau In recent months, the Russian also set the Internet abuzz over a visit he made to Charlotte last fall at the same time then-candidate Trump was in the city for a campaign event. Their planes parked near each other on the airport tarmac, generating questions about another possible Trump tie to Russia. But a Rybolovlev spokesman has said the Russian was in town to check on Alevo and hasn’t met Trump. Eikeland stepped down as Alevo’s CEO in May 2016 but stayed on as executive chairman. At the time, he faced health problems from which he has since recovered, the company has said. In March, after North Carolina had already granted its incentives, Alevo announced a new CEO, Rybolovlev associate Vladislav Baumgertner. With then-Gov. Pat McCrory on hand, Alevo in October 2014 said it planned to hire 500 employees at its Concord plant in its first year. So far, the company has about 215 workers, a number that is set to nearly double with the planned expansion. The company announced in March 2016 that its first “GridBank” battery deployment would be in the Delaware city of Lewes. But 13 months later it has yet to deliver on what it called the “largest energy storage system” in the state. The general manager of Lewes’ public works department, Darrin Gordon, in a brief email said: “They don’t have the batteries installed yet.” A single GridBank battery does appear to be in operation in Hagerstown, Md. Energy stored in the giant battery can be injected into a private electrical distribution system there, said Michael Spiker, utilities director for the city. A Gridbank made by Alevo at their manufacturing facility at the old Philip Morris cigarette plant in Concord in 2016. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com David Doctor, CEO of the Charlotte-based energy trade group E4 Carolinas, called Alevo an “extraordinary startup.” But he said the company faces challenges in rolling out its products, including state-by-state regulations in the U.S. “The scale is large, and it requires very, very large capital investments,” Doctor said. “You can expect that with such a large undertaking that their progress is going to be uneven.” Wait for financials Alevo’s efforts to secure tax incentives began heating up in August 2016, according to the documents. Consultants hired by the company contacted the Economic Development Partnership of North Carolina, the public-private group that spearheads recruiting in the state, and officials responded quickly. They codenamed the effort Project Grid, a reference to the company’s batteries. Alevo told the state it was looking to make a $259 million investment in Concord, adding 345 jobs at an average salary of $95,729. While the company had already started operations in North Carolina, China was willing to offer incentives to lure the company to that country, a memo on the project states. Soon after officials toured the Concord plant in September, Ryan Nance, a recruiter with the partnership, sent an email to a commerce department official saying Alevo’s finance chief needed “to get a proposal from NC quickly, and their hope was that it be significant.” Days later, Nance offered a $6.3 million grant. “The circumstances of this opportunity are outside the realm of usual grant consideration, but the state recognizes the level of investment and enormous potential this technology could have on the market both domestically and abroad,” Nance wrote in an email to the consultants. Mary Wilson, a spokeswoman for the partnership, said the “outside the realm” comment didn’t refer to the company’s finances but did not elaborate. To get the tax incentives, there was a catch: Alevo needed to provide three years of financials for review. It would take weeks to get the numbers. Still waiting in early November, Dickinson, the commerce department official, told Nance the company couldn’t apply for a grant until the state determined whether Alevo has “the financial capacity to do the project.” About a month later, consultants for the company sent statements, but Alevo’s U.S. subsidiary only had audited numbers for 2015. As a new company, it didn’t have three years of financials, one of the Grant Thornton consultants wrote. In early December, the state told Alevo it now needed to provide three years’ worth of numbers from its Swiss parent. The U.S. statements “do not support a (grant) application,” Nance wrote. Fewer jobs, lower incentives In February, the city of Concord and Cabarrus County approved a total of $10.6 million in incentives for the project. But on Feb. 27, only a day before the state’s Economic Investment Committee was set to vote on its package, state officials still had questions. That’s when Dickinson emailed a colleague, Mark Poole, asking if he had discussed Alevo’s losses with the company. Poole forwarded an email with the company’s response, which was blacked out in the records provided to the Observer. Dickinson then told Poole to add the additional terms to Alevo’s grant. A commerce spokesman said posting losses doesn’t disqualify a company from getting a grant. The committee approved $2.6 million in incentives the next day, down from the original $6.3 million offer. Alevo now planned 202 jobs and a total investment of about $251 million. Average wage for the jobs would be $56,327 – a drop of 41 percent from what the company originally outlined. Announcements touting the expansion went out soon after. “It’s exciting that a global company like Alevo chooses to manufacture its cutting-edge energy storage products right here in North Carolina...,” Cooper, who had been elected during the recruitment, said in a news release. “We need to continue to recruit and train for 21st century jobs like these.” Kevin G. Hall in the McClatchy Washington Bureau contributed Rick Rothacker: 704-358-5170, @rickrothacker Scott Schotter, Chief Marketing and Sustainability Officer with Alevo, shows off a stainless steel battery cell that will go into a GridBank in February 2016. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com In this Alevo production line, battery cells are manufactured before going into a Gridbank. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Inside the old Carolina Theatre 0:50 a day ago Inside the old Carolina Theatre 0:35 3 days ago The Thirsty Beaver isn't going anywhere 0:54 10 days ago Coworking space popularity growing View More Video Business People with disabilities learn of job opportunities at fair Municipalities' fiscal outlook is gloomy despite economy 90 years since 'Great Flood of 1927' Nonprofit ballet company wants to 'keep the classic' alive Nebraska college creates pantry to help students in need Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:02pm Sun 23 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation World Videos Climate Australia Pacific Asia USA South America Europe Middle East Africa Disasters Strange but True Photos Defence giants are the winners in Trump's new 'arms race' By Sam Dean 10:57 AM Sunday Apr 23, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print International Politics Ministry of Defence US Government United States Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play It is, in a classic example of American hyperbole, called the "mother of all bombs". Dropped by the US military on an Islamic State target in Afghanistan, the "MOAB" was the largest non-nuclear weapon the country has ever used in combat. Its detonation marked the second time in barely a week that President Donald Trump had authorised an attack on foreign soil, following the launch of 59 Tomahawk missiles on an airfield in Syria earlier this month. The Tomahawks, described as "the world's most advanced cruise missile" by its makers Raytheon, also had an impact back home, reports the Telegraph. The defence giant's shares enjoyed a dramatic spike as trading floors reacted to news of the attack. Other missile and weapons manufacturing stocks also opened higher, with the leading companies gaining nearly £4bn in market value in early trading. Much has been made of the Trump effect on the market. His rare ability to send a company's share price tumbling with a crassly-worded tweet has garnered the most headlines, but his unexpected presence in the White House has provided a boost to entire industries, with defence emerging as one of the clear winners. Having pledged to significantly increase spending on the military, that is a pattern that looks set to continue. Continued below. Related Content Video Watch: Trump orders missile strike against Syria Your Views: Readers Letters Sideswipe: April 10: Which came first? The glass or the beer? This is in spite of Trump's notable lack of consistency in his approach to foreign policy, which has swung from condemning US intervention in the Middle East under Obama - "let the Arab League take care of Syria" - to vowing that the country would now hold to account "any and all who commit crimes against the innocents" across the world. "We do not have what I would call a foreign policy under Trump," says Brad Blitz, a professor of international politics at Middlesex University. "But we do have a number of pronouncements which include the threat of US military action. And as we have seen, that would be by means of bombing." Threatening military action has been one of the themes of the last week, with Trump boasting that the US was sending an "armada" to the Korean peninsula as tensions continued to increase with North Korea. GBU-43B, or Massive Ordnance Air Blast weapon, the U.S. military's largest non-nuclear bomb. Photo / Getty That move follows a further souring of US relations with Russia, which Trump recently described as at an "all-time" low. "What we are witnessing is the potential for a new arms race," says Professor Blitz. "Which would be favourable for both US and overseas arms manufacturers." Trump himself has used the same rhetoric. "Let it be an arms race," he told American television before his inauguration. "We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all." That proclamation was followed a day later by a tweet. "The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capabilities," he wrote, "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes." The big players who stand to benefit from this are, by and large, headquartered in the US. According to a report from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) in December, four of the top five arms producers, based on sales, are American. Lockheed Martin takes the top spot, and is joined by Boeing, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman, with UK giant BAE Systems in third place with arms sales of nearly £20bn. While there is obvious competition between these corporate giants, there is also collaboration. The Tomahawk is made by Raytheon, for example, but the tactical weapons control system, which is one part of the process that fires the weapon, is the work of Lockheed Martin. The same can be said for the controversial F-35 stealth fighter, which is being delivered by a team of Lockheed Martin, BAE and Northrop Grumman. Whether Trump is able to bolster his defence budget quite as dramatically as he wants is open to debate. But if he does, the effect could be felt on this side of the Atlantic. "If Trump gets his way, it will mean a 10pc uplift on what is already the largest defence spend on the planet," says Dr John Louth, the director for defence, industries and society at the Royal United Services Institute think-tank. "That is hugely substantial. If we see that spent predominantly with US businesses like Lockheed Martin and Boeing, even for us in Europe it will not be a bad thing. "The supply chains are so interwoven that it will very much impact on UK and European businesses as component providers to those larger businesses. All that money isn't just going to be consumed within the US." Also on the agenda for arms companies in Europe is Nato defence spending. Again, it is Trump at the centre of the issue. Donald Trump has said: "Let it be an arms race". Photo / AP His administration has been upping the pressure on Nato allies in Europe to increase their defence spend, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying: "Allies must increase defence spending." Nato members are required to spend 2pc of their GDP on defence. According to Nato's own estimates, the US spent 3.61pc of its GDP on defence last year, while in the UK, where the MoD last week announced a £539m investment in new missiles systems, spending was at 2.17pc of GDP. Others, though, are trailing way beneath the 2pc marker, with Germany at 1.2pc, Italy at 1.1pc and Spain at 0.9pc. If Trump does force countries to dig deeper, it would clearly have an impact on the industry. "Some of the European industrial base are very conscious that if Germany does approach 2pc, that is €70bn a year," says Dr Louth. "That is twice the UK defence budget, and that would have a very significant impact on how a German government would consume defence industrial capability and capacity. "You have other European Nato states who are in very similar situations, so how countries spend to meet the 2pc and what that means for the European defence industrial base is hugely significant." However, if defence budgets are increased, it is not just the traditional companies who will reap the rewards. The industry is somewhat fracturing, with a focus on innovative technology providing opportunities for smaller companies who exist outside of the traditional weapons bubble, but can provide a military edge to their governments. It is enough for Dr Louth to say we are in a "technology race" rather than an "arms race", and innovation is an area with which the Ministry of Defence (MoD) is increasingly preoccupied. In February, the MoD announced the formation of a 'defence innovation advisory panel', which is backed by an £800m innovation fund. "We want to transform defence and work with small firms, academics and others to find solutions to the threats to our security," said defence secretary Sir Michael Fallon. This is not to say that the traditional big players will fall out of favour, though. Those companies provide a valuable way into the industry for innovative defence businesses, with Dr Louth saying there is an "interdependency" between those bright young thinkers and the manufacturing behemoths. "The smart defence SMEs really need a big brother to give them that route to market," he says. "So the success we are seeing is when there is a strong relationship between the bigger international business and the niche provider." For both types of company the true impact of Trump's trigger-happy approach remains to be seen, but across Europe it is already sending ripples through an industry that appears ready to thrive. - Daily Telegraph UK By Sam Dean Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Racing: Ruakaka awaits funding impact New Zealand Racing Board's $24m funding announcement could be good for Northland. Hawke's Bay Today When urban sprawl becomes an issue Insight: When urban sprawl becomes an issue Bay of Plenty Times Where to buy and how to do it for first home buyers in Tauranga Experts tell all: A break down of where to buy and how to do it for first home buyers… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-AMG C43: The New Coupe Cometh The twin-turbo V6 AMG C 43 Coupe is a Mercedes performance car that stands apart. Viva Five stylish places to have on your radar Here's some inspiration for this year's mid-winter escape Bite Mussel lemongrass nibbles Use short satay sticks if lemon grass is unavailable. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 23 Apr 2017 19:01:38 Processing Time: 12ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Remains the DJIA’s Best Performing Stock of 2017 By Paul Ausick April 22, 2017 9:58 am EDT Print Email Tweet Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) added $1.42 last week (about 0.9%), closing at $142.27 on Friday. The company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company’s stock is up 22.84% year to date, well above second-place Boeing’s 15.87% improvement. Apple stock closed at $140.68 on Wednesday and added $1.76 on Thursday to close at $142.44, the stock’s top-performing day last week. The share price dipped on Wednesday following a report that China’s internet regulators warned three app companies that they needed to do a better job of screening out pornographic video content. The regulators also said that they planned to speak to Apple about stricter control over the offerings in the App Store. But it’s hard to keep the high-flying company down. Reports on Apple’s plans for new iPhones continue to drive both interest in the company and the share price. For example, although there have been rumors for some time that the company plans to release three new iPhones this fall, a report from Bloomberg probably ginned up more interest in the stock last week. Citing unnamed sources, there will be new 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhones, the same form-factor as current iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The third device has been said elsewhere to be the same size as the 5.5-inch device but will employ a curved-edge design that will nearly eliminate the bezel and offer a screen size of up to 5.8 inches. Credit Suisse also reiterated its Outperform rating on Apple stock and raised its price target from $160 to $170. The analyst specifically mentioned Apple’s services business, saying it expects services to contribute 33% of gross profit by 2020, from $26 billion annually to $52 billion. Apple shares closed at $142.27 on Friday, in a 52-week range of $89.47 to $145.46. The consensus 12-month price target is $148.96 in a price target range of $104 to $185 per share. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Verizon Returns as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous Cars in America The Best Counties to Live In Customer Service Hall of Fame The Worst Counties to Live In 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Apple Remains the DJIA’s Best Performing Stock of 2017 Verizon Returns as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Why Merrill Lynch Still Sees Big Upside for GE After Earnings IBM Shares Won’t Stop Falling Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Frequently Asked Tax Questions You May Be Asking Now What to Expect From Skyworks Solutions' Q2 Earnings Should You Follow This Wall Street Firm's Lead in Swapping NVIDIA for Skyworks Solutions? United CEO Munoz no longer expected to take on chairman role Former Arconic CEO Kleinfeld resigns from Morgan Stanley board Nasdaq Composite closes 0.1% lower ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Trump's 'big announcement' on tax to be broad principles: official Trump tax plan may produce some short-term budget issues: Mnuchin IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves 3 Frequently Asked Tax Questions You May Be Asking Now IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves What to Expect From Skyworks Solutions' Q2 Earnings Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Renowned Chefs Share Tips They Want You To Master In New Documentary Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Analyst doubts new flying machines will ‘disrupt’ aviation Originally published April 22, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated April 21, 2017 at 3:43 pm Veteran analyst Richard Aboulafia takes on the proliferation of recent startups, which he dismisses as “this weird new maze of 1950s Popular Mechanics cover stories.” Also, a UW class project becomes a startup. Share story By Seattle Times staff Seattle Times business staff Aviation has starry-eyed innovators to propel it forward and tart-tongued industry watcher Richard Aboulafia to keep it grounded in reality. The veteran Teal Group analyst’s latest monthly missive takes on the proliferation of recent startups that aim to revolutionize aviation with disruptive flying machines. He’s not buying it: “If Dr. Seuss drew air vehicles, he’d be perfect for these newcomers.” Aboulafia is addressing a range of would-be innovators, from Uber’s vision of electric, multirotor “flying car” copters and small supersonic transports by Spike and Boom to Zunum Aero, the local startup recently backed by Boeing and JetBlue, which proposes a hybrid-electric regional propfan plane. There are also visions for autonomous or remotely piloted vehicles. Most Read Stories Utah girl shot in head by teens: 'I'm tougher than a bullet'  VIEW 3 police officers shot in downtown Seattle  WATCH Seattle Mayor Ed Murray proposes income tax for city’s ‘high-end’ households  WATCH What we know about the shooting of 2 Seattle police officers  WATCH Starbucks barista has social-media meltdown over Unicorn Frappuccino3-course dinners for $32 starting April 2. He lumps them together as “this weird new maze of 1950s Popular Mechanics cover stories,” and extends his derision to the old-line aerospace companies that, according to him, are dabbling in these experiments to gain some tech cachet. “That Silicon Valley thing with engineers in T-shirts, ramen noodles, a foosball table and no business plan? That just ain’t aircraft,” he declares. Substantively, Aboulafia says, aviation is not like computer hardware — there’s nothing like Moore’s Law, the proposition that computing power doubles every 18 to 24 months. Aviation moves in much smaller increments, and if it is to head in the direction of faster, cheaper and more personal aircraft it will require new technology for engines and batteries — which seems unlikely to come from such startups. If intra-urban mobility with hopscotching copters “is such a great idea, why not prove it with existing technology?” he asks, noting that those could be piloted by remote control or run autonomously and might even prove cost-effective. His answer: “They wouldn’t grab eyeballs” — and hence investors — “the way a CFRP (carbon fiber reinforced polymer) egg with 10 to 12 rotors would.” After dismissing the fleet of would-be newcomers as just so much science fiction, Aboulafia notes that “for the first time in many decades, this industry has just seen a new market entrant.” The new player last year was Honda Aircraft, which has delivered about 30 of its sleek and stylish six-person jets so far. “They started work on the HondaJet twenty years ago, and they’ve blown through at least a billion dollars,” writes Aboulafia. Even so, Honda hasn’t disrupted the market for established small jets like Cessna’s Citation M2. What it really takes to launch a new aircraft in today’s world is not a startup modeled on Silicon Valley but “a well-staffed cash-bleeding offshoot of a much larger and very rich company,” Aboulafia concludes before signing off, “Yours, ’til an octocopter brings Spandex-clad visitors to my driveway.” — Rami Grunbaum: rgrunbaum@seattletimes.com Class project keeps going Joe Chocolates, a company started by students at the University of Washington, is generating some buzz, not just for nibblers of its caffeinated chocolates but also among retailers. Born during a 2015 entrepreneurship class at the UW’s Foster School of Business, the company now has its products on the shelves of some two dozen local retailers, including Bartell Drugs. It recently landed a deal that will put its chocolates in Nordstrom’s coffee bars in several regions. “Who thought a school project would turn into an almost nationally distributed product so fast?” said Sam Tanner, 23, CEO and co-founder. Before the Nordstrom deal, the company’s first widespread distribution arrangement, “We were self-distributing through Seattle, driving my car around.” The idea of making a caffeinated chocolate arose during the Foster School’s two-quarter Creating a Company class in fall 2015. Tanner and his fellow student and company co-founder, Peter Keckemet, 22, wanted to make something tasty that would help them stay energized during long study sessions or hikes, and that was easy to grab and eat on the go. Other caffeinated chocolates were already on the market, but, “We found the quality of the chocolate way too low and education of customers — about how much caffeine was in them — way too low,” Tanner said. So they set out to make their own higher quality chocolates, receiving mentoring from the likes of Jean Thompson, owner and CEO of Seattle Chocolates; Fran Bigelow of Fran’s Chocolates; and Bill Fredericks of Chocolate Man in Lake Forest Park, and who is president of the Northwest Chocolatiers Guild. As part of the Creating a Company class, they received $1,200 to launch Joe Chocolates (the name is a play on the expression “cup of joe”), creating the caffeinated chocolates in a shared commercial kitchen in the University District. (They were able to pay back the $1,200 with subsequent profits from the company.) Tanner, who grew up in a family of chefs, and Keckemet, who has worked in the food industry, decided to grow the company after both graduated in spring 2016. Keckemet is now chief operating officer of Joe Chocolates. The company has one other part-time employee — a friend from college. They currently operate out of a production facility in South Park, where they temper dark chocolate couverture (chocolate with a high cocoa-butter content) from Guittard Chocolate. They mix in coffee beans from Lighthouse Roasters, as well as their own handmade inclusions, such as caramel and toasted coconut. And they package the products themselves. The company has three mainstay flavors — sea salt caramel, honey almond and midnight coconut — with a fourth of chocolate, coffee and roasted cacao coming soon, as well as seasonal flavors. Each 2.5-ounce bag of the chocolate says it includes the caffeine equivalent of two cups of coffee. Funding to grow the company came from a $25,000 grant from the UW Foster School’s Jones + Foster Accelerator program for student-led startups, as well as their own savings and contributions from family and friends. They’re talking to other potential investors. Tanner and Keckemet initially focused distribution on smaller retailers to test their price point, hone their recipes and find their profit margin. Bartell Drugs started carrying the chocolates late last year after Jean Bartell Barber, one of the drugstore chain’s owners and vice chair of the board, was contacted by the UW Alumni Association about the product. Bartell’s decided to take it on since candy is one of the company’s main product areas, Joe Chocolates is local, and it had a smart business plan and tasty product, said spokesman Ric Brewer. “We’ve been very pleased with the performance of their product line,” Brewer said. The Nordstrom deal came about after Tanner gave samples of Joe Chocolates to some Ebar workers at the downtown Seattle Nordstrom store, and then persisted in giving more samples up the levels of Nordstrom management. “Joe Chocolates was an easy choice,” Bill Wilson, Nordstrom’s national director of specialty coffee operations, said, adding that the department store likes to offer local or regional products that complement the Ebars’ beverages. Tanner says his goal is to have Joe Chocolates become a regional staple like Beecher’s Handmade Cheese. “My dream is to run into someone in the backcountry and see a bag of Joe Chocolates peeking out of their backpack. Or as me and Pete call it, ‘spotting Joe in the wild.’” — Janet I. Tu: jtu@seattletimes.com Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story American flight attendant to angry passenger: ‘Hit me’ Previous Story Golf ball pieces from harvest cause hash brown recall Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Defence giants are the winners in Trump's new 'arms race' Soldiers board an Apache helicopter Credit: Getty  Sam Dean 22 April 2017 • 2:31pm It is, in a classic example of American hyperbole, called the “mother of all bombs”. Dropped by the US military on an Islamic State target in Afghanistan, the “MOAB” was the largest non-nuclear weapon the country has ever used in combat. Its detonation marked the second time in barely a week that President Donald Trump had authorised an attack on foreign soil, following the launch of 59 Tomahawk missiles on an airfield in Syria earlier this month. The Tomahawks, described as “the world’s most advanced cruise missile” by its makers Raytheon, also had an impact back home. The defence giant’s shares enjoyed a dramatic spike as trading floors reacted to news of the attack. Other missile and weapons manufacturing stocks also opened higher, with the leading companies gaining nearly £4bn in market value in early trading. Much has been made of the Trump effect on the market. His rare ability to send a company’s share price tumbling with a crassly-worded tweet has garnered the most headlines, but his unexpected presence in the White House has provided a boost to entire industries, with defence emerging as one of the clear winners. The Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) bomb Credit: REUTERS Having pledged to significantly increase spending on the military, that is a pattern that looks set to continue. This is in spite of Trump’s notable lack of consistency in his approach to foreign policy, which has swung from condemning US intervention in the Middle East under Obama –  “let the Arab League take care of Syria” – to vowing that the country would now hold to account “any and all who commit crimes against the innocents” across the world. “We do not have what I would call a foreign policy under Trump,” says Brad Blitz, a professor of international politics at Middlesex University. “But we do have a number of pronouncements which include the threat of US military action. And as we have seen, that would be by means of bombing.” Threatening military action has been one of the themes of the last week, with Trump boasting that the US was sending an “armada” to the Korean peninsula as tensions continued to increase with North Korea. That move follows a further souring of US relations with Russia, which Trump recently described as at an “all-time” low. Graphic: The military build-up “What we are witnessing is the potential for a new arms race,” says Professor Blitz. “Which would be favourable for both US and overseas arms manufacturers.” Trump himself has used the same rhetoric. “Let it be an arms race,” he told American television before his inauguration. “We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all.” That proclamation was followed a day later by a tweet. “The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capabilities,” he wrote, “until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” The big players who stand to benefit from this are, by and large, headquartered in the US. According to a report from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) in December, four of the top five arms producers, based on sales, are American. Lockheed Martin takes the top spot, and is joined by Boeing, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman, with UK giant BAE Systems in third place with arms sales of nearly £20bn. Donald Trump has said: "Let it be an arms race" Credit: DOMINICK REUTER While there is obvious competition between these corporate giants, there is also collaboration. The Tomahawk is made by Raytheon, for example, but the tactical weapons control system, which is one part of the process that fires the weapon, is the work of Lockheed Martin. The same can be said for the controversial F-35 stealth fighter, which is being delivered by a team of Lockheed Martin, BAE and Northrop Grumman. Whether Trump is able to bolster his defence budget quite as dramatically as he wants is open to debate. But if he does, the effect could be felt on this side of the Atlantic. “If Trump gets his way, it will mean a 10pc uplift on what is already the largest defence spend on the planet,” says Dr John Louth, the director for defence, industries and society at the Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “That is hugely substantial. If we see that spent predominantly with US businesses like Lockheed Martin and Boeing, even for us in Europe it will not be a bad thing. “The supply chains are so interwoven that it will very much impact on UK and European businesses as component providers to those larger businesses. All that money isn’t just going to be consumed within the US.” An Astute-class submarine under construction by BAE Systems Also on the agenda for arms companies in Europe is Nato defence spending. Again, it is Trump at the centre of the issue. His administration has been upping the pressure on Nato allies in Europe to increase their defence spend, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying: “Allies must increase defence spending.” Nato members are required to spend 2pc of their GDP on defence. According to Nato’s own estimates, the US spent 3.61pc of its GDP on defence last year, while in the UK, where the MoD last week announced a £539m investment in new missiles systems, spending was at 2.17pc of GDP. Others, though, are trailing way beneath the 2pc marker, with Germany at 1.2pc, Italy at 1.1pc and Spain at 0.9pc. If Trump does force countries to dig deeper, it would clearly have an impact on the industry. “Some of the European industrial base are very conscious that if Germany does approach 2pc, that is €70bn a year,” says Dr Louth. “That is twice the UK defence budget, and that would have a very significant impact on how a German government would consume defence industrial capability and capacity. “You have other European Nato states who are in very similar situations, so how countries spend to meet the 2pc and what that means for the European defence industrial base is hugely significant.” North Korea mock-up video shows missiles blowing up US 00:48 However, if defence budgets are increased, it is not just the traditional companies who will reap the rewards. The industry is somewhat fracturing, with a focus on innovative technology providing opportunities for smaller companies who exist outside of the traditional weapons bubble, but can provide a military edge to their governments. It is enough for Dr Louth to say we are in a “technology race” rather than an “arms race”, and innovation is an area with which the Ministry of Defence (MoD) is increasingly preoccupied. In February, the MoD announced the formation of a ‘defence innovation advisory panel’, which is backed by an £800m innovation fund. “We want to transform defence and work with small firms, academics and others to find solutions to the threats to our security,” said defence secretary Sir Michael Fallon. This is not to say that the traditional big players will fall out of favour, though. Those companies provide a valuable way into the industry for innovative defence businesses, with Dr Louth saying there is an “interdependency” between those bright young thinkers and the manufacturing behemoths. “The smart defence SMEs really need a big brother to give them that route to market,” he says. “So the success we are seeing is when there is a strong relationship between the bigger international business and the niche provider.” For both types of company the true impact of Trump’s trigger-happy approach remains to be seen, but across Europe it is already sending ripples through an industry that appears ready to thrive. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Defence industry Boeing Industry Nuclear weapons BAE Systems Rex Tillerson Afghanistan Budget Donald Trump North Korea Michael Fallon White House Ministry of Defence Show more Galleries Gallery 20 Apr 2017, 8:35am Gallery: The best business films and TV shows on Netflix Gallery 19 Apr 2017, 11:26am Gallery: Shareholder spring 2017: Which companies have suffered an investor revolt? Gallery 12 Apr 2017, 11:48pm Gallery: Hidden treasures - the secret Starbucks surprises you won't find on any menu Business latest 23 Apr 2017, 1:26am US Treasury boss says red tape has hurt business as global leaders drop pledge to resist protectionism 22 Apr 2017, 8:30pm Charlotte Hogg to leave Bank of England by the end of the week 22 Apr 2017, 8:00pm Stronger pound could save Britain from cost of living squeeze 22 Apr 2017, 8:00pm Win for French anti-EU candidates ‘will devalue euro’ 22 Apr 2017, 8:00pm Software firm Alfa firm hires pair of banks for float 22 Apr 2017, 8:00pm Centrica boss Iain Conn hits out at Tory price cap plan 22 Apr 2017, 7:20pm Mastercard fingerprint scanner a £15m windfall for Neil Woodford 22 Apr 2017, 7:20pm Boohoo to make high street cry with doubling profits 22 Apr 2017, 7:15pm RBS set to eke out modest quarterly profit  22 Apr 2017, 7:00pm BSG Resources still hopes to regain Guinea mine despite legal strife 22 Apr 2017, 5:00pm Comment: Department stores have a chance to rise from the ashes James Quinn Premium 22 Apr 2017, 4:19pm Comment: The pound faces pressure from the US, but the French election could hit euro  Andrew Wilson Premium 22 Apr 2017, 4:00pm Comment: Beware the tail risk as France flirts with political catastrophe Jeremy Warner Premium 22 Apr 2017, 3:00pm Come what May: The outlook for Britain's economy by 2022 Premium 22 Apr 2017, 2:49pm How will the energy market cope if a freeze on prices is set in stone?  Premium 22 Apr 2017, 2:14pm Questor: Imperial Brands takeover talk may be smoke and mirrors, but it will lift shares Premium 22 Apr 2017, 2:04pm Comment: Snap election isn’t a ploy for a 'soft Brexit' Liam Halligan Premium 22 Apr 2017, 12:00pm Motor City lives on: How Coventry is building on its car heritage 22 Apr 2017, 12:01am How much will the 2017 General Election cost? 21 Apr 2017, 9:39pm Comment: Retail sales figures signal an economic slowdown is already underway Andrew Sentance Premium 21 Apr 2017, 9:02pm Exxon's bid for Russian sanction waiver rejected by Trump administration Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Why Magic: The Gathering Beats Poker or Chess Any Day subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours If Facebook’s mobile AR play succeeds, we may become even more addicted to our smartphone screens bit.ly/2pOjXyL Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Alamy Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Geek's Guide to the Galaxy. Geek's Guide to the Galaxy Culture Date of Publication: 04.22.17. 04.22.17 Time of Publication: 9:00 am. 9:00 am Why Magic: The Gathering Beats Poker or Chess Any Day Alamy The creators of Magic: The Gathering were painfully aware that their game might be nothing more than a passing fad. So to maintain public interest they created a high-profile Pro Tour for Magic players, complete with TV coverage and cash prizes. It’s a series of events Titus Chalk’s new book Generation Decks, which chronicles the rise of the game from misunderstood novelty to pop culture fixture, investigates in detail. “There’s a quote in the book from one of the very few executives who was behind the idea at the time, Rick Arons, and he said, ‘Your grandmother might not understand what Magic: The Gathering is, but she’ll understand what a check for $10,000 is,'” Chalk says in Episode 252 of the Geek’s Guide to the Galaxy podcast. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/geeksguide252final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download The strategy paid off, helping to foster a group of professional Magic players like Jon Finkel and David Williams who grew up in the spotlight and were accustomed to high-stakes card games. Having mastered the fiendishly complex rules of Magic, they found it relatively easy to compete in a much simpler game like poker. “As soon as they turned 18 they showed up at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas and made a huge impression,” Chalk says. “They blew this very staid gaming culture out of the water.” And while computer systems have been solving games like chess and Go, and handily beating even the top-ranked human players, Chalk says that a game like Magic, where the rules can change significantly with each new card, remains the province of flesh-and-blood champions. “There’s just enough of a random factor to make the game incredibly unpredictable,” he says. “And that’s also what makes it so difficult for a Deep Blue to come and start beating the Jon Finkels of the world.” Chalk hopes that Generation Decks will bring more attention to the accomplishments of players like Finkel and Williams, as well as to people like Richard Garfield and Peter Adkison who created the game. Listen to our complete interview with Titus Chalk in Episode 252 of Geek’s Guide to the Galaxy (above). And check out some highlights from the discussion below. Titus Chalk on Magic art: “One of the things I discovered in the game were just these amazing illustrations, which weren’t like the fantasy illustrations that I was seeing in other games at the time. And part of the reason for that is that they turned to local Seattle students—who were desperate for a paying gig—and they weren’t, by definition, fantasy artists. They were just art students from the local art school, interpreting their briefs in a very different way than someone who’d been perhaps steeped in D&D culture or whatever the prevailing fantasy culture was at the time. And I really loved that, I really loved the much more abstract feel of these cards. … To see this strange, creative game coming out of Seattle, it just kind of tapped into the whole mythology around Seattle at the time.” Titus Chalk on Peter Adkison: “He was in his day job at Boeing, which is one of the big companies up in Seattle that employs a lot of people. … [He] had much better computers at work than he did in his basement, and he would stay late at night, while the janitors were making their rounds, working on his new gaming company. And Marilyn, one of the janitors at Boeing, would be chatting with him every night. … One evening Marilyn came up to him and gave him a check for her life savings and said, ‘I don’t understand what you’re doing. I don’t understand what a fantasy game is. But I see you working every night so hard that I believe you’re going to make it. Here’s my life savings. I’d like some shares please. Invest it in your game.’ And later on, when the game did very well, she was able to make a lot of money.” Titus Chalk on the controversy surrounding Magic: “There were cards called ‘Demonic Tutor’ or ‘Sacrifice’ which added to the edgy feel at the time, and some people took offense at this. And this one woman in the Bedford school district tried to get Magic banned, and it led to this big hoo-ha, where the [administrator] for the district had to ban it in his schools, and he then took the game to child psychologists and said, ‘Is there anything here that could harm kids?’ And he had to get this clean bill of health to allow kids to play it in the school district. … It ended in a massive legal fight that took years to clear up.” Titus Chalk on Richard Garfield: “I don’t think I would have been able to do the game justice if I hadn’t had a chance to speak with him. He’s a real hero, for not just myself, but for anyone who’s picked up the game and had it affect them in that way. From perhaps being a bit of an outcast or looking for something to belong to, Richard Garfield is this sort of spiritual father figure for all us Magic players. … He’s just an absolutely down-to-earth, lovely guy. As I said, a little bit spacey—I think he’d be the first to admit that. He’s clearly got a million ideas for different games ticking away up there in his brain. But he was really accommodating, and I think he’s acutely aware of not just inventing a game that people like, but having invented a game that really changed the way people feel about themselves.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Geek's Guide to the Galaxy Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular How a Single Gene Could Become a Volume Knob for Pain Science How a Single Gene Could Become a Volume Knob for Pain Erika Hayasaki They Cracked This 250-Year-Old Code, and Found a Secret Society Inside Magazine They Cracked This 250-Year-Old Code, and Found a Secret Society Inside Noah Shachtman Why Magic: The Gathering Beats Poker or Chess Any Day Podcasts Why Magic: The Gathering Beats Poker or Chess Any Day Geek's Guide to the Galaxy You’ve Never Heard of Tech Legend Bob Taylor, But He Invented ‘Almost Everything’ In Memoriam You’ve Never Heard of Tech Legend Bob Taylor, But He Invented ‘Almost Everything’ Leslie Berlin Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You Security Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You Andy Greenberg March for Science: Live Updates from Washington DC and Around the US Science March for Science: Live Updates from Washington DC and Around the US Wired Staff Don’t Look Now, But Extremists’ Meme Armies Are Turning Into Militias Internet Culture Don’t Look Now, But Extremists’ Meme Armies Are Turning Into Militias Emma Grey Ellis Security News This Week: A Coachella Smartphone Thief Forgot About ‘Find My iPhone’ Security Security News This Week: A Coachella Smartphone Thief Forgot About ‘Find My iPhone’ Brian Barrett More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Culture Movies The Secret to Free Fire’s 62-Minute Shootout? Minecraft Angela Watercutter Virtual Reality The Incredible, Urgent Power of Remembering the Holocaust in VR Angela Watercutter TV The Fascinating Art of Hollywood’s Made-Up Languages, From Dothraki to Klingon TED The Oral History of TED, a Club for the Rich That Became a Global Phenomenon Emma Grey Ellis TV Bill Nye Says Climate Change Deniers Have a Bad Case of Cognitive Dissonance Angela Watercutter Science March for Science: Live Updates from Washington DC and Around the US Wired Staff We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours If Facebook’s mobile AR play succeeds, we may become even more addicted to our smartphone screens bit.ly/2pOjXyL Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours If Facebook’s mobile AR play succeeds, we may become even more addicted to our smartphone screens bit.ly/2pOjXyL Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   C4ISR Market: Global Sales Forecast and Growth, (2017-2022, in Million USD) Global C4ISR Industry Report covering market by types, Regions, Application, and leading vendors profile based on sales, price, sales regions, products, profile etc.   Global C4ISR Industry Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 22, 2017 ) Global C4ISR Market 2012- 2022 Report provides detailed analysis of market in 9 chapters with required tables and figures. Access this report at https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-c4isr-market-2012-2022 Global C4ISR Market report classifies C4ISR types as Command & Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence and Surveillance. Applications covered in this report are Land Based System, Naval Systems, Air Force System and Space System. This report also provides key analysis for the geographical regions like Europe, North America, China, Japan & Korea. Companies like Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corporation, L-3 Communications Holdings, Elbit Systems, Bae Systems, Thales Group, Harris Corporation, Drs Technologies and more are profiled in this report providing information on sale, price, sales regions, products and overview. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/432519 Table of Contents: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.2 Market Segment 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry 4 Major Vendors 5 Market/Vendors Distribution 5.1 Regional Distribution 5.2 Product and Application 6 Regions Market 6.1 Global 6.2 Europe 6.3 North America 6.4 China 6.5 Japan & Korea 6.6 Trade 7 Forecast 7.1 Market Trends 7.2 Segment Forecast 8 Marketing Overview 8.1 Ex-factory Price 8.2 Buyer Price 8.3 Price Factors 8.4 Marketing Channel 9 Conclusion Inquire more about this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/432519 Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home  |  Advertise  |  Contact Us 12:31 pm - Sunday April 23, 2017 Home Bhopal Madhya Pradesh Nation World Sports Entertainment Business Astrology Editorial Weather E-Paper Advertise here... Latest News Barkha switches over to BJP, says Congress has lost contact with people Over 100 oncologists plead to PM not to go for higher tax on bidi under GST UP police sounds alert after SOS sent by MP police PM condemns terror attack at Afghanistan Army base RBI announces auction of a 15-days Govt of India Cash Management Bill Job Squeeze April 22, 2017 10:09 am With the advent of Mr.Donald Trump as President of America the pioneer of multinational trade culture and single world market the America overnight become multinational to national and world market to national market. The American trade, commerce, business industries became just offices and manufacturer through world-wide outsources and marketing with them brand name given to others on licenses or lease. The US worked tirelessly to create a free world market and achieved the success in getting World Trade Agreement (WTA) for free flow of good on the entire world. Whether it is Civil Aviation Boeing and Military Aircraft, General Motors and Ford and lot other become world trade mark and suppliers upto Bill Gates Microsoft. But suddenly Mr.Trump changed the American policy to change its way of life by asking its trade to hire American only and urged the people to buy American products. Till now people from world over were flocking into America and other developed nations for better jobs and prospectives. But American policy has infected the other nation also. Now Australia and New Zealand also declared that there would not be general entry of foreigners to seek jobs and employment here. Those who are needed by the national enterprises will come on work permits. The America who worked out free trade has now confined to American products. It has shed away his multinational character. Now country like India has to reshape its skill development and education according to the needs for other nations. With the FDI coming into India we must ensure that capital are their but the jobs should be with the Indian people. There is great squeeze in the job market with more nations falling online with US policy. The treaties like WTA will be redundants and out of use. There is scarcity of jobs to the growing population of America. India is fast emerging economy but it must take note of world situation. Its education, training and skill must be absorbed in the country itself. The influx of war torn Syrian refugees has changed many concept. Almost all have the some identical question why the Syrian refugees poured in Europe and not many other Islamic countries. The Government of India should plunge right now to redraft adjust its job seeking people. Posted in: Editorial You might like: Barkha switches over to BJP, says Congress has lost contact with people Over 100 oncologists plead to PM not to go for higher tax on bidi under GST UP police sounds alert after SOS sent by MP police PM condemns terror attack at Afghanistan Army base Navabharat E-Paper Latest News Barkha switches over to BJP, says Congress has lost contact with people Over 100 oncologists plead to PM not to go for higher tax on bidi under GST UP police sounds alert after SOS sent by MP police PM condemns terror attack at Afghanistan Army base RBI announces auction of a 15-days Govt of India Cash Management Bill Home Copy Right © 2017 Central Chronicle. All rights reserved.  Site By: Nava Bharat Multimedia Pvt Ltd.
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Why the C-130 Is Such a Badass Plane Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Why the C-130 Is Such a Badass Plane It's the go-anywhere, do-anything flyer that's much more than a jack of all trades. By Eric Tegler Apr 21, 2017 Amidst the chaotic withdrawal of American forces from Saigon in April 1975, a young man in the South Vietnamese Air Force (VNAF), Tinh Nguyen, peered out from a bunker at Tan Son Nhut Air Base. The airfield had been under North Vietnamese mortar fire all night and more than 100 aircraft had been destroyed. But there was still one flyable C-130A (the initial production version). During a lull in the firing, it taxied toward the runway navigating around the smoking debris. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Advertisement - Continue Reading Below This massive plane's rear ramp was still open with a crowd of people huddling on it, and Nguyen knew he had to get to it. "It was either leave right then or stay and get killed." C-130 Hercules flying along the South Vietnamese coast. Getty Bettmann Archive With others, he made a desperate dash from the bunker toward the lurching C-130. "Every time [the pilot] jammed on the brake, it pushed the passengers forward," Nguyen told Fox News in 2014. "It created more space in the back… So, I jumped in. Everybody jumped in. And a few minutes after that, the ramp door closed..." Designed to carry only 90 paratroopers, the Hercules's belly was bursting with far more people than that. Its lone pilot, a VNAF major, pushed its four Allison T56 turboprops to full throttle and began his takeoff down the 10,000 foot runway. At the opposite end of the runway, the airplane still hadn't taken wing. "It was either leave right then or stay and get killed." But in the runway's 1000-foot overrun, the C-130 staggered into the air. After a harrowing flight, it touched down three and a half hours later at U Tapao Royal Thai AB, southeast of Bangkok. On the ramp, American personnel were visibly surprised as they watched 452 people disembark. With herculean effort, the C-130 had lifted more than 20,000 pounds above its operational limit. The C-130 has been a lifesaver during its six-decade history. It's been a death-bringer, too. Hercules Is More Than a Name U.S. Air Force Advertisement - Continue Reading Below With a squat stance, bulbous nose, four big turboprop engines, and massive fuselage, the C-130 cruises at a relatively modest 290 to 320 knots. Lockheed dubbed it "Hercules" after the mythological hero known for his strength and courage. The name fits the company's tradition of naming aircraft after celestial constellations, along with the P-2V Neptune and P-3 Orion. Compared to high-profile jet fighters like the F-22 Raptor or F-35 Lightning II, the Hercules looks like a bloated throwback. But what it lacks in sleekness it more than makes up for in heart. Like the A-10 Warthog, it's the Hercules' awesome capability that makes it a total badass. Simply put, the C-130 is a do-anything aircraft and its service record shows it. Lockheed says the C-130 has flown at least 100 different missions in its 63-year-old life, including its most recent return to the military limelight. On April 13, an MC-130 dropped the largest conventional bomb ever used in combat—the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB), or "mother of all bombs"—on an Islamic State tunnel complex in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. The MC-130's crew released it from the rear cargo ramp using a drag chute, a procedure that dates back to before the Korean War. Indeed, that conflict is where the C-130 was born. During that war, the Air Force recognized it had no airplane capable of airlifting combat troops over medium distances to short, austere airfields. In 1951, Boeing, Douglas, and Fairchild presented alternative proposals, but ultimately the USAF chose Lockheed's design. Willis Hawkins, who would go on to design the Corona satellite, Polaris missile, and M1 Abrams tank, created the winning design and described the C-130 in a mere 110-page document. Compared to Lockheed's 2,500-page F-35 proposal, the C-130 writeup is a breezy read. According to Lockheed Martin historian Jeff Rhodes, Hawkins' design team took the M551 Sheridan Tank, the largest piece of equipment the Army needed to airlift, and "drew a circle around it and that set the diameter of the fuselage." As for the fuselage's 40-foot length, it's inspiration came from somewhere else entirely. "The basic C-130, aft of the cockpit and before the ramp, is the length of a railroad boxcar," Rhodes says. The YC-130 flying from Burbank, California, to Edwards Air Force Base during its inaugural flight on August 23, 1954. Getty Stocktrek Images Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The YC-130 made its first flight on Aug. 23, 1954, at Lockheed's Burbank, California plant. With four Allison T56-A-lA turboprop engines, delivering 3,750 horsepower each and driving three-bladed Curtiss-Wright electric-reversible propellers, the YC-130 took off in only 800 feet. The Pentagon had found its plane. Whatever Is Needed Two U.S. colonels overlook production of the C-130 in Marietta, Georgia. Getty George Rinhart Production of the C-130A began at Lockheed's plant in Marietta, Georgia soon thereafter and the Herc has been rolling off the assembly line ever since. The Hercules has the longest continuous military aircraft production run in history, and one of the top three longest continuous aircraft production lines of any type. A remarkable 70 countries operate C-130s, which have been produced in more than 70 different variants. "The C-130 is whatever is needed," Rhodes observes. "It's an ambulance, it's a gunship, it drops paratroopers, it carries cargo, it's a TV broadcast system, it's launched drones, and caught satellites. You name it, the Hercules has done it at some point in its career." The Herc has served with the U.S. Air Force, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, NASA, and foreign militaries and commercial operators (as the L100) all over the world. It's been an aerial refueler, forward air controller, hurricane hunter, fire tanker, Antarctic resupply aircraft, search-and-rescue platform, and on and on and on. "The C-130 is whatever is needed...you name it, the Hercules has done it at some point in its career." C-130s went into harm's way almost immediately with its first deployment to Europe in 1956, and the first combat loss came in 1958, when a C-130A-II was shot down over Armenia during a reconnaissance mission. While gaining notoriety for its performance ashore, the Hercules simultaneously made history as the largest, heaviest aircraft ever to land on and launch from an aircraft carrier, a distinction it earned in October 1963 as part of a test to assess its feasibility as a carrier onboard delivery aircraft. Helicopter landing zone, cleared by a C-130, near Saigon, Vietnam, 1971. Getty Bettmann Advertisement - Continue Reading Below A year later, the C-130A began sorties for the U.S. Air Force in Vietnam. They hauled cargo, dropped leaflets, and delivered weapons on the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Foreshadowing President Trump's recent Afghanistan mission, C-130Bs also dropped a pair of 10,000-pound bombs in Vietnam in October 1968 as a means of clearing landing zones for helicopters. But the C-130 was more than an military brute, it was was one of three legendary Lockheed airplanes operated by the CIA in the 1960s, joining the U-2 and A-12 (SR-71) as an intelligence gathering tool. In 1969, a CIA-operated C-130E made a clandestine drop of sensor pallets near China's Lop Nur Nuclear Weapons Test Base to get information on Chinese nuclear capabilities. C-130B-II electronic reconnaissance aircraft operated in Europe and Japan and later C-130E models took on standoff jamming roles in the 1970s. In one of their more surprising roles, special EC-130E Commando Solo Hercs transmitted radio and TV broadcasts several hours a night over Iraq as part of psychological warfare campaigns as prelude to the 1991 Persian Gulf War and 2003 Iraq War. A Hawk of War, a Dove of Peace AC-130H jettisons flares during countermeasure training, 2007. U.S. Air Force Today's AC-130E/H/U/W Spooky/Spectre/Stinger gunship is renowned for its ability to protect special operations troops on the ground from Vietnam all the way up to the recent Afghanistan War with lethal 20mm/30mm/40mm cannon, and even 105mm Howitzer as well as additional smart bombs and missiles. In fact, one single AC-130 helped stop a southbound Iraqi armored column during the Battle of Khafji in 1991. But the Herc was also central to rescue missions, whether dramatic hostage situations like the successful 1976 Israeli Raid on Entebbe or the failed 1980 Iranian hostage mission, and has saved countless lives on land and at sea with the Coast Guard. Breaking more records, the C-130 is also the first fixed-wing aircraft to land at the site of natural disasters like Hurricane Katrina, Haiti's earthquake, Fukushima, and the recent Peruvian floods. C-130H plots course to deliver medical supplies to Sendai, Japan after the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami in 2011. U.S. Air Force Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The Hercules even helps make other planes as it served as a testbed for what would eventually be the engines of the European Airbus A400M airlifter. Long story short, saying the C-130 is a jack of all trades is selling it short. But one important question remains: What is it like to actually fly the thing? "Flying low level, going into dirt or grass strips, landing at little places that nobody else could get to with this big airplane is so much fun," says former USAF C-130 pilot and Lockheed director of business development Larry Gallogly. "I think of all the assault landings I made early in my career which may not have been as smooth as I would have liked but the airplane could take a beating." More Badass Planes Why the F/A-18 Hornet Is Such a Badass Plane Why the F-22 Raptor Is Such a Badass Plane Why the A-10 Warthog Is Such a Badass Plane And "take a beating" is putting it mildly. In 1971, for example, a ski-equipped Navy LC-130 crashed on takeoff in Antarctica. It lay there buried in an icy crevasse for 17 years before the Navy decided to pull it out and repair the damage. It took off and flew to New Zealand on January 11, 1988, and with a little more work it served the Navy for several years thereafter. "We've been accused of making a pilot's airplane," says Lockheed Martin C-130 Chief Experimental Test Pilot, Wayne Roberts. The latest C-130J model upholds the Hercules' reputation as a sweet-handling airplane. Roberts adds that the Herc is so flexible, it can fly at speeds as low as 80 knots with one engine out. With its digital cockpit, automated flight systems management, six-blade Dowty propellers and Rolls-Royce AE 2100 D3 turboprop engines, the latest C-130J/LM-100J enjoys one-third better range, 15 percent better fuel efficiency and 25 percent more thrust than legacy A-H models. New features from a sophisticated heads-up display to optional carbon brakes and upcoming next-gen radar make the C-130 more effective than ever before. GIF Lockheed Martin building the new LM-100J. Lockheed Martin The "J model" Hercules is taking on nearly all the roles of its predecessors. The LM-100J version will make its first flight in a few weeks, offering civilian operators the ability to haul heavy equipment—and even goats—to remote airports in places like central Africa. The new AC-130J gunship will not only carry a 105mm Howitzer, it will have the first significant airborne lasers. But just incase you're still not convinced of the C-130's badass nature, just ask Tim Nguyen about the hulking, do-everything aircraft that saved his life. "This is a magnificent machine...the sound of the engines, the look of the airplane… it will be in my mind forever. U.S. Air Force More from Popular Mechanics: PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map

Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Siblings Abbie (left), 10, Ellie (center), 12, and Josh Sarr (right), 7, walk and scooter their way along the Qwuloolt Waterfront Trail following its grand opening in Marysville on Saturday, April 22. (Ian Terry / The Herald) Marysville’s new waterfront trail draws big Saturday crowd Dan Catchpole Sat Apr 22nd, 2017 7:27pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. MARYSVILLE — More than 100 people crowded Marysville’s Qwuloolt Waterfront Trail after an official ribbon-cutting Saturday morning. They ambled, strolled and, at least a few, scooted along the new trail, taking in the sprawling floodplain scenery. The crowd’s easy pace and the canary grass waving in the wind was a breathless retort to cars and truck rushing along I-5 in the distance. The trail instantly expanded the city’s waterfront from a mere 900 feet at Ebey Waterfront Park to nearly two miles along Ebey Slough’s lazy curves. Saturday’s grand opening was nearly two decades in the making. At the time, the Tulalip Tribes was starting work on turning dairy land along Ebey Slough back into an estuary. From early on, city officials envisioned a waterfront walkway that tied into the restoration project, said Gloria wHirashima, the city of Marysville’s chief administrative officer. “This trail always felt like it could be a game changer for Marysville” and people’s perception of the city, she said. It sprang up as a lumber town dependent on the adjacent waterway for moving logs to sawmills, Marysville Mayor Jon Nehring said. But the lumber industry moved away from Marysville and cars and trucks replaced log rafts and steamboats. Weathered pilings for tying up logs headed for mills still dot stretches of Ebey Slough. Before Saturday, most people here probably didn’t realize the city has a waterfront, Hirashima said. The trail will be an unqualified success when it’s crowded with people on a summer day, she said. The city started work on the project about 10 years ago, with parts constructed piecemeal as adjacent land was developed. Saturday’s ribbon-cutting followed completion of the first concentrated construction phase. The rest of the trail, including a section connecting Ebey Waterfront Park, should be completed in the next two years, barring any surprises, said Jim Ballew, Marysville’s parks and recreation director. The city has budgeted $3 million for the project and asked the state for another $1 million to help pay for the final construction. Before the ribbon cutting, Nehring told the crowd, “your energy and excitement lets us know this is money well spent.” Retired Boeing worker Paul Miller joined the crowd strolling along the 12-foot-wide paved trail atop the levee protecting the city’s wastewater treatment facility from Ebey Slough. The levee was added as part of restoring Qwuloolt Estuary into a saltwater marsh that is now home to waterfowl and providing salmon access to Allen and Jones creeks. “I wanted to come see what the city is doing to improve the Marysville experience,” he said. “They’re doing it,” he said. “Of course, it takes time, money and people.” The trail is open to walkers, cyclists and dogs, but not horses. The key milestone was the Tulalip Tribes’ 20-year project to restore the estuary to a saltwater marsh by breaching the dike that separated it from Ebey Slough. That breach took place in August 2015, after the Tulalips, working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, built up a levee to protect the city’s wastewater treatment plant. The estuary has transformed into a saltwater marsh, home to waterfowl and providing salmon access to Allen and Jones creeks. Qwuloolt means “marsh” in Lushootseed, part of the Salish language spoken by the Tulalips and other Northwest tribes. Work on the city’s trail got underway shortly after the breach, although it was delayed by budget wrangling in Olympia. Qwuloolt Waterfront Trail gives 12-year-old Ellie Sarr and her younger sister and brother plenty of new places to explore. “We probably will be here a lot this summer,” she said as the trio made their way down the trail. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   A crowd sets out to walk the new Qwuloolt Waterfront Trail in Marysville on Saturday, April 22. (Ian Terry / The Herald) Walkers line the new Qwuloolt Waterfront Trail in Marysville on Saturday, April 22. (Ian Terry / The Herald)   Most Read Aerospace blog Boeing lays off Washington workers; total could be hundreds EVERETT — Friday was an unseasonably sunny day in Everett, but that… Apr 22nd, 2017 by Dan Catchpole Flooding closes road near Lake Stevens LAKE STEVENS — A downpour that lasted about an hour Thursday caused… Apr 21st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Snohomish High students raising money to feed families SNOHOMISH — It started as a way to bring Snohomish families together… Apr 21st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Julie Muhlstein Focus is on kindness at annual Human Services Breakfast It takes kindness, collaboration and money. Those are building blocks for a… Apr 21st, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Multiple events are planned to observe Saturday’s Earth Day EVERETT — Earth Day events are sprouting around Snohomish County on Saturday.… Apr 21st, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Menu Home News Lifestyle Blog Blog Love & Relationship Videos Fashion & Beauty Health, Food & Lifestyle Readers Mail Movie Reviews Foreign World News Out of Box Story Music & Video GC Sports Politricks Advertise Contact Us Privacy About Us Got A Tip For Us Blog VIDEO: Those Ghanaians Laughing At This Woman And the Many Others Need Mental Evaluation GC Staff 13 hours ago Facebook Prev Article Next Article From Chris-Vincent Agyapong Febiri’s Facebook: Someone tagged me in this video: and I asked myself, what’s funny about this? READ ALSO: Start A Blog for Less than 15 GHS A Month & Make As Much As Over 5000 GHS A Month Easily This is an old woman, (even if she was young, my stand would be the same)–struggling to use an escalator and instead of people helping her or calling for the heads of authority at the Kumasi mall (the place where this is alleged to have taken place) for not having assistance readily available for this new technology usage, they are online laughing at them. If you have never come across anything you do not know how to operate in life, then you are just living within your comfort zone–you have not travelled much or you are not opened to new ideas and things. I slept in a hotel room in Denmark that I didn’t know how to turn the hot water on. Does that make me bush? Despite having slept in the Radissons, Hiltons, the Marriotts and the others, I still couldn’t figure out how that particular tap worked and I had to call the reception for assistance. READ ALSO: EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Breathlessly Beautiful—How ‘Anasimba’ By Zita Complemented and Showcased the Beauty of My Wife-Elsie Anthony-Williams With An Amazing And Unique Kente Dress for Our Traditional Wedding Last year, I met a Ghanaian, well educated (we later exchanged business cards and on his card, he was a top man at the Land Commission in Accra) at Schiphol Airport. And he didn’t know how to order Mcdonald’s using the self-service machine and payment system. He called me and asked that I assist him–which I did. Does that make him bush or stupid? How many times do any of you take a lift or an escalator in Ghana? If not the mall or the airport, where else do you people see an escalator? We can actually count the number of escalators in Ghana–and yet, an old woman who cannot ride one has become the joke in the hood. It’s pathetic how those who have not seen much, make fun of their own. How many of you on here can use the common Self Service at Tesco or Walmart? How many of you have touched a common Boeing before? How many of you can use common Apple or Andriod Pay? Do you even know what it’s? How many of you have seen a common 3D movie before? How many of you have been on a subway before? When my wife visited the UK last year, she did not know how to cast movies from my iMac to the television in the bedroom. She asked and I showed her–does that make her a bush woman? How will she reasonably know how to use this when she has not been taught or when she has not used one before? And let me add that, I am not an Ashanti–I find this whole thing nonsense. Check out the video below… How to Start A Blog for Less than 100GHS | CLICK HERE READ COMMENTS - JOIN THE DISCUSSION Don't Miss the Scoop...Enter your email address: Delivered by GhanaCelebrities.Com Via FeedBurner Facebook Prev Article Next Article READ THESE ARTICLES YOU MISSED Teenager FIRED From A Job Before She Even Started… GC Staff February 10, 2015 Ghallywood is Totally Dead…Juliet Ibrahim & Prince David Osei Also Join Kumawood GC Staff May 5, 2016 PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Goes ‘Bridal’ In See-Through White Gown For Fashion Los Angeles Awards Senior GC Staff April 3, 2017 Jealous Man Arrested After Smashing Ex-girlfriend’s Sex Toy Ms. Ellies Anthony October 17, 2016 Jude Okoye Confirms P-Square’s Reunion Miss PyperPebbles July 29, 2016 GET READY! Sarkodie And Runtown To Team Up On New Single Senior GC Staff January 30, 2017 Inner Beauty: Our Quest For Real Beauty…Meet Josephine Kwamegah Chris-Vincent Agyapong Febiri, Editor November 30, 2012 RED CARPET FAB: Joselyn Dumas, Desmond Elliott, Majid Michel, Francis Odega, Saint Obi, Ken Attoh, Shirley Frimpong Manso & Others At AMVCA! Sassy Chic March 10, 2013 Looking for Attention? | John Dumelo involved in An Accident On His Birthday GC Staff February 3, 2015 President OBAMA Came to Ghana and Advised ‘Africa Doesn’t Need Strong Men, It Needs Strong Institutions’ – After Some Years, I Totally DISAGREE Guest Contributor July 9, 2014 PHOTOS OF THE DAY: Nadia Buari, John Dumelo, Captain Planet, Shatta Wale, Hajia4Real & Yvonne Okoro GC Staff August 12, 2015 Don Jazzy Congratulates Tiwa Savage On Her Roc Management Deal Miss PyperPebbles July 29, 2016 #KempinskiGate – The Best Online Reactions To The Ghc 145 Kempinski Hotel Gari Soakings Senior GC Staff June 8, 2016 VIDEO: YouTube Vlogger Explains Why Getting Kicked In The Balls Is So Painful It Can Make You Vomit (This Is A Must Watch For Every Guy) Senior GC Staff December 14, 2016 “My Biggest Regret Is Exposing My Private Life On Social Media” – Tiwa Savage Miss PyperPebbles August 22, 2016 CHRIS-VINCENT Writes: The Repugnant Act Of Parading One’s Nakedness To Generate Coverage For An Ailing Career- Case Of Nana Akua Addo At AMAA 2016 Chris-Vincent Agyapong Febiri, Editor June 12, 2016 Lydia Forson Says She Believes In President Mahama Because ‘She Has To’ Senior GC Staff October 30, 2015 VIDEO: First Trailer For Upcoming Britney Spears Biopic Released (WATCH) Senior GC Staff January 24, 2017 Commenting Guidelines & Rules Next Article EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Breathlessly Beautiful—How ‘Anasimba’ By Zita Complemented and Showcased the Beauty of My Wife-Elsie Anthony-Williams With An Amazing And Unique Kente Dress for Our Traditional Wedding Editor’s Pick | Say It Loud CHRIS-VINCENT Writes: Looking for A Perfect Honeymoon Destination in Ghana? Holy Trinity Spa & Health Farm Leads the Pack [With … April 8, 2017 0 CHRIS-VINCENT Writes: When Death Comes Knocking Unannounced–Another Beautiful Young Ghanaian Passes On Compelling Me to Ask the Most Important Question … March 10, 2017 0 What People Are Madly Reading Hotness, Money And Flaunting: A Look into the FAB Lifestyle of Omega Inkoom–Wife of Ghanaian Footballer Samuel Inkoom February 3, 2017 0 Godwin Nii-Armah Okine Writes -My Top Ten Most Captivating TV Series Of All Time August 18, 2016 1 Top Story of the Day | Trending Akosua Abebrese Writes: The Beauty and Fabulousness of Being the Side Chick—I’ve Been Seeing Someone’s Husband for 3 Months Now … February 4, 2017 1 Celebrity & Law: Apparently, A Musician Has Been Arrested for Insulting or Defaming Shatta Wale and His Wife in Ghana—When … January 31, 2017 0   Ghanacelebrities.com Copyright © 2017. Love & Relationship Religion Movie Reviews Akosua Abebrese Celebrity & Law Health, Food & Lifestyle Advertise With Us Start A Blog Today About Us EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Breathlessly Beautiful---CLICK HERE
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto At 75, A World War II Legend Gets A Full Makeover By admin in Uncategorized April 22, 2017 A legendary airplane that helped America win World War II is being reborn at age 75. The B-17 bomber “Memphis Belle” flew 25 missions against Nazi Germany and then came home to help sell war bonds and raise spirits. In recent years, the Belle has been undergoing a patient and precise restoration at the National Museum of the Air Force Museum near Dayton, Ohio. I went to see the work in progress and talk with some of the many technicians and volunteers. The restoration hangar is a vast, bright workspace, where the four-engine Flying Fortress has been stripped down to its bare aluminum. After eight years work the plane is still to be painted. This is the actual aircraft that I have watched in a documentary from 1944. William Wyler, the Academy Award winning director, went to an Army Air Force base in England, and he and his team could take their cameras on the bombing runs — riding with the pilots, the gunners, the bombardier, navigator. The plane was built in the summer of 1942 by Boeing in Seattle, and flew from Bangor, Maine, by way of Scotland, then on to an Army Force Base in England. A 10-man crew was put together, the youngest was 19. Captain Robert Morgan, the pilot, named the plane after his girl friend. They started flying missions in November 1942, dropping bombs on targets in France, Belgium and across into Germany: aircraft factories, munitions plants and submarine bases. Once, the Belle went out with 27 other planes, and six failed to return. For the men flying mission from England, the Army Air Force had set a goal: “Fly 25 missions and we’ll send you home.” The Memphis Belle crew accomplished that and then flew back across the Atlantic to celebrate. They landed at 31 American cities, cheered by big crowds at war bond rallies. The plane went on display in Tennessee, honored and protected for many years, neglected for many others. And in 2005 it was sent by truckloads to the Air Force Museum outside Dayton. Restoration has been underway, helped now by extra film from the Wyler wartime documentary. Lead Curator Jeff Duford is able to watch on his computer screen more than 11 hours of Technicolor outtakes. “I can’t think of any other … Post navigation ‘Send Me A Friend': Anders Osborne Helps Musicians Stay Sober On Tour Osama bin Laden successor Ayman al-Zawahiri hiding in Karachi under ISI protection: Report Search for: Recent Posts Volvo offers retreat in pop-up activity studio West Indies vs Pakistan: Mohammad Amir takes five on rain hit day two IPL 2017: Tough to have a plan for Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle, says KKR bowling coach Liverpool look for points as rivals eye Cup glory Stars shine as Sydney carnival back to its best despite weather Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 4/22 Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/22 Updated How to give your child a shot at the American Dream — by a woman who grew up on food stamps 4/22 Updated Why drinking all those diet sodas may come back to haunt you later in life 4/22 Updated Is it possible to have too much savings? 4/22 Updated Why haven’t sexual harassment suits fallen since the 1990s? 4/22 Updated Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both 4/22 Updated This new luxury card competes with Amex Platinum and Chase Sapphire Reserve 4/22 Updated Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight 4/22 Updated When this savings app rolled out a monthly fee for its services, customers revolted 4/22 March for Science: The Signs, Sights and Sounds 4/22 Updated iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year 4/22 Here’s how the French election could test the U.S. stock market’s resilience 4/22 Updated Amazon’s Bezos could teach large companies a thing or two about strategy 4/22 Updated A rich Gary Cohn got even richer by working for Donald Trump 4/22 Updated In the age of Trump, the ‘Wolf of Wall Street’s $12 million yacht looks like a dinghy 4/22 Updated No matter which front-runner wins the French election, it’s a revolution 4/22 Updated This is what the next generation of tech-augmented work for humans will look like 4/22 Updated This is why people are declining your wedding invitations 4/22 Updated How the recent spate of luxury credit cards might ruin your summer travel plans 4/22 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Market Snapshot Get email alerts Trump’s tax reform may rekindle the dying embers of the stock-market rally By Sue Chang Published: Apr 22, 2017 1:15 p.m. ET Share Nearly 200 companies are slated to report quarterly earnings By SueChang Markets reporter Getty Images President Donald Trump plans to unveil his tax-reform plan in time for his 100th day in office. Just when it looked like the stock market was drowning in a sea of worry, President Donald Trump threw it a much-needed life line. Trump on Friday said he will reveal a “massive” tax package that will deliver cuts “bigger I believe than any tax cut ever.” The president plans to unveil the details on Wednesday, reiterated by a Saturday tweet: Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017 Some of the stock market’s sluggishness since the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.30%  hit a record on March 1 has been blamed on the absence of meaningful policy change since Trump took office. As a result, any hints that the president is committed to delivering on tax reform and deregulation will help to offset worries about soft economic data, most notably tepid auto and retail sales. But even that may be a boon for stocks as economic weakness could prompt the Federal Reserve to opt for gradual normalization of monetary policy, according to strategists at Yardeni Research. France's presidential election: What you need to know(2:57) Amid heightened security fears following a terror attack in Paris, the French will elect a new president in two rounds of voting on April 23 and May 7—the result could reshape the European Union. WSJ's Niki Blasina explains who the top candidates are, how they could win, and what might happen next. Photo: Getty Images. Then there is also the chance that the U.S. bureaucracy may come to a screeching halt next week if Republicans and Democrats are unable to reach an agreement on the spending bill to fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year. The deadline to get the deal done falls on April 29, Trump’s 100th day in office. Even so, with the much-anticipated tax reform a step closer to reality, investors will be emboldened to return to the market to chase stocks higher. That the corporate-friendly measure comes on the back of an upbeat earnings season will give the market added upside momentum. Analysts are projecting one of the best quarterly earnings in more than five years on the back of a recovery in both the U.S. and global economies. Almost 200 companies are slated to release earnings next week including Dow components Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -0.36%   and Boeing Co. BA, +0.60%  and tech giants Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.37% Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.13% GOOG, +0.18%  and Intel Corp. INTC, +0.39% Still, the French election could be the fly in the market’s soup. See also: Here’s how French election could test U.S. stock market’s resilience On Sunday, French voters will go to the polls to choose a new leader in a closely watched election that is emerging as an important test of whether the wave of populism that is sweeping across the globe will find traction or fizzle. The race is a four-way contest between Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, François Fillon, and Jean-Luc Melenchon although pundits expect centrist Macron and far-right National Front leader Le Pen to win the first round for a runoff vote in May. At stake is not only the future of the third largest economy in Europe but also the eurozone given pledges by Le Pen and Melenchon to quit the union if they win. Read: When are the French election results out on Sunday? Strong showings by Euroskeptics Le Pen and Melenchon could result in “risk aversion which could weigh on markets while Macron or Fillon could spark a move back into risk markets and potentially kick off a rally for stocks,” said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. The S&P 500 fell 7.15 points, or 0.3%, to close at 2,348.69 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.15%  shed 30.95 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 20,547.76 on Friday. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.11%  slid 6.26 points, or 0.1%, to end at 5,910.52. More from MarketWatch Legendary technical investor Robert Prechter is awaiting a depression-like shock in the U.S. Prince's First Wife Mayte Garcia On the Star We Didn't Know Here’s how the French election could test the U.S. stock market’s resilience Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -7.15 -0.30% CAT -0.34 -0.36% BA +1.08 +0.60% MSFT +0.90 +1.37% GOOGL -1.13 -0.13% GOOG +1.54 +0.18% INTC +0.14 +0.39% DJIA -30.95 -0.15% COMP -6.26 -0.11% Show all references Most Popular Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year Why drinking all those diet sodas may come back to haunt you later in life This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Here's how drones will change the future of warfare Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. MarketWatch Partner Center Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,348.69 -7.15 (-0.30%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,355 High 2,356 Low 2,345 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $94.32 -0.34 (-0.36%) Volume 4.1M Open $95.19 High $95.25 Low $93.81 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.27 Market Cap 55.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $180.38 +1.08 (+0.60%) Volume 3.1M Open $179.42 High $180.93 Low $179.42 P/E Ratio 23.58 Div Yield 3.15 Market Cap 109.7B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $66.40 +0.90 (+1.37%) Volume 31.5M Open $65.67 High $66.70 Low $65.45 P/E Ratio 31.32 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 513.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $858.95 -1.13 (-0.13%) Volume 1.1M Open $860.62 High $862.44 Low $857.73 P/E Ratio 30.81 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 585.7B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $843.19 +1.54 (+0.18%) Volume 1.3M Open $842.88 High $843.88 Low $840.60 P/E Ratio 30.24 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 585.7B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.32 +0.14 (+0.39%) Volume 19.7M Open $36.20 High $36.42 Low $35.85 P/E Ratio 17.21 Div Yield 3 Market Cap 171.3B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,547.76 -30.95 (-0.15%) Volume 369.6M Open 20,578 High 20,601 Low 20,505 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,910.52 -6.26 (-0.11%) Volume 0 Open 5,919 High 5,919 Low 5,899 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,548 -30.95 -0.15% Nasdaq 5,911 -6.26 -0.11% S&P 500 2,349 -7.15 -0.30% 4/22 Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/22 Updated How to give your child a shot at the American Dream — by a woman who grew up on food stamps 4/22 Updated Why drinking all those diet sodas may come back to haunt you later in life 4/22 Updated Is it possible to have too much savings? 4/22 Updated Why haven’t sexual harassment suits fallen since the 1990s? 4/22 Updated Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both 4/22 Updated This new luxury card competes with Amex Platinum and Chase Sapphire Reserve 4/22 Updated Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight 4/22 Updated When this savings app rolled out a monthly fee for its services, customers revolted 4/22 March for Science: The Signs, Sights and Sounds 4/22 Updated iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year 4/22 Here’s how the French election could test the U.S. stock market’s resilience 4/22 Updated Amazon’s Bezos could teach large companies a thing or two about strategy 4/22 Updated A rich Gary Cohn got even richer by working for Donald Trump 4/22 Updated In the age of Trump, the ‘Wolf of Wall Street’s $12 million yacht looks like a dinghy 4/22 Updated No matter which front-runner wins the French election, it’s a revolution 4/22 Updated This is what the next generation of tech-augmented work for humans will look like 4/22 Updated This is why people are declining your wedding invitations 4/22 Updated How the recent spate of luxury credit cards might ruin your summer travel plans 4/22 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Market Snapshot Get email alerts Trump’s tax reform may rekindle the dying embers of the stock-market rally By Sue Chang Published: Apr 22, 2017 1:15 p.m. ET Share Nearly 200 companies are slated to report quarterly earnings By SueChang Markets reporter Getty Images President Donald Trump plans to unveil his tax-reform plan in time for his 100th day in office. Just when it looked like the stock market was drowning in a sea of worry, President Donald Trump threw it a much-needed life line. Trump on Friday said he will reveal a “massive” tax package that will deliver cuts “bigger I believe than any tax cut ever.” The president plans to unveil the details on Wednesday, reiterated by a Saturday tweet: Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2017 Some of the stock market’s sluggishness since the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.30%  hit a record on March 1 has been blamed on the absence of meaningful policy change since Trump took office. As a result, any hints that the president is committed to delivering on tax reform and deregulation will help to offset worries about soft economic data, most notably tepid auto and retail sales. But even that may be a boon for stocks as economic weakness could prompt the Federal Reserve to opt for gradual normalization of monetary policy, according to strategists at Yardeni Research. France's presidential election: What you need to know(2:57) Amid heightened security fears following a terror attack in Paris, the French will elect a new president in two rounds of voting on April 23 and May 7—the result could reshape the European Union. WSJ's Niki Blasina explains who the top candidates are, how they could win, and what might happen next. Photo: Getty Images. Then there is also the chance that the U.S. bureaucracy may come to a screeching halt next week if Republicans and Democrats are unable to reach an agreement on the spending bill to fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year. The deadline to get the deal done falls on April 29, Trump’s 100th day in office. Even so, with the much-anticipated tax reform a step closer to reality, investors will be emboldened to return to the market to chase stocks higher. That the corporate-friendly measure comes on the back of an upbeat earnings season will give the market added upside momentum. Analysts are projecting one of the best quarterly earnings in more than five years on the back of a recovery in both the U.S. and global economies. Almost 200 companies are slated to release earnings next week including Dow components Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -0.36%   and Boeing Co. BA, +0.60%  and tech giants Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +1.37% Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.13% GOOG, +0.18%  and Intel Corp. INTC, +0.39% Still, the French election could be the fly in the market’s soup. See also: Here’s how French election could test U.S. stock market’s resilience On Sunday, French voters will go to the polls to choose a new leader in a closely watched election that is emerging as an important test of whether the wave of populism that is sweeping across the globe will find traction or fizzle. The race is a four-way contest between Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen, François Fillon, and Jean-Luc Melenchon although pundits expect centrist Macron and far-right National Front leader Le Pen to win the first round for a runoff vote in May. At stake is not only the future of the third largest economy in Europe but also the eurozone given pledges by Le Pen and Melenchon to quit the union if they win. Read: When are the French election results out on Sunday? Strong showings by Euroskeptics Le Pen and Melenchon could result in “risk aversion which could weigh on markets while Macron or Fillon could spark a move back into risk markets and potentially kick off a rally for stocks,” said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. The S&P 500 fell 7.15 points, or 0.3%, to close at 2,348.69 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.15%  shed 30.95 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 20,547.76 on Friday. The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.11%  slid 6.26 points, or 0.1%, to end at 5,910.52. More from MarketWatch Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both How to Fight Scam IRS Robocalls Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX -7.15 -0.30% CAT -0.34 -0.36% BA +1.08 +0.60% MSFT +0.90 +1.37% GOOGL -1.13 -0.13% GOOG +1.54 +0.18% INTC +0.14 +0.39% DJIA -30.95 -0.15% COMP -6.26 -0.11% Show all references Most Popular Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both iHeartRadio parent warns it may not survive another year Why drinking all those diet sodas may come back to haunt you later in life This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks Here's how drones will change the future of warfare Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. MarketWatch Partner Center Sue Chang Sue Chang is a MarketWatch reporter in San Francisco. You can follow her on Twitter at @SueChangMW. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,348.69 -7.15 (-0.30%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,355 High 2,356 Low 2,345 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $94.32 -0.34 (-0.36%) Volume 4.1M Open $95.19 High $95.25 Low $93.81 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.27 Market Cap 55.3B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $180.38 +1.08 (+0.60%) Volume 3.1M Open $179.42 High $180.93 Low $179.42 P/E Ratio 23.58 Div Yield 3.15 Market Cap 109.7B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $66.40 +0.90 (+1.37%) Volume 31.5M Open $65.67 High $66.70 Low $65.45 P/E Ratio 31.32 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 513.1B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $858.95 -1.13 (-0.13%) Volume 1.1M Open $860.62 High $862.44 Low $857.73 P/E Ratio 30.81 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 585.7B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $843.19 +1.54 (+0.18%) Volume 1.3M Open $842.88 High $843.88 Low $840.60 P/E Ratio 30.24 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 585.7B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.32 +0.14 (+0.39%) Volume 19.7M Open $36.20 High $36.42 Low $35.85 P/E Ratio 17.21 Div Yield 3 Market Cap 171.3B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,547.76 -30.95 (-0.15%) Volume 369.6M Open 20,578 High 20,601 Low 20,505 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,910.52 -6.26 (-0.11%) Volume 0 Open 5,919 High 5,919 Low 5,899 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat US Defence Secretary Meets Qatar's Emir - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Abul Gheit: Arab League Passing through its Most Difficult Phase Sudanese FM: Dialogue with Washington Leaning towards Lifting US Sanctions Tunisia Prevented 27,000 Youths from Joining Terror Groups Clarification Mosul Residents Flee in Droves as Iraqi Forces Advance against ISIS Strongholds Taif University Launches Project to Develop Islamic Culture Curriculum World World French Police Arrest Knife-Wielding Man at Paris Train Station Science Rallies Take Place around the Globe France on Edge on Eve of Unpredictable Presidential Election Ahmadinejad Complies with Law, Avoids Sedition after Being Excluded Venezuela Braces for New Protest as Death Toll Rises US Naval Armada in Sea of Japan in Days amid North Korea Tension Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Taif University Launches Project to Develop Islamic Culture Curriculum A Young Prince is Reimagining Saudi Arabia US Defense Secretary Mattis: Washington Wants a ‘Strong’ Saudi Arabia IMF: World Growth to Rise to 3.5% in 2017 Arab Coalition : Saudi Helicopter Crashed in Yemen Saudi Cabinet Session Congratulates Erdogan on Referendum Success | Opinion Opinion A Young Prince is Reimagining Saudi Arabia Current Economic Conditions, Birth Control The Trump Administration Might Put the ‘Extreme’ in ‘Extreme Vetting’ Iran’s Presidential Charade: Another Slap Coming? Coexistence Is the Last Chance to Avoid the Precipice What Can Trump Learn from Truman? Features Features Erdogan Supporters Turned Against Ataturk Legacy Targeting Assad’s Backers Encourages Real Negotiations Islamists of Central Asia: Latest Trend of Violent Extremism It’s Nearly Impossible to Stop Terrorists from Using Trucks as Weapons Some in Afghanistan Question US Choice to Use 22,000-pound Bomb against ISIS Jean-Luc Melenchon: ‘Rebel Leftist’ Seeking French Presidency Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Brighton’s Long March Ends in Chris Hughton’s Completion of a Job Well Done Ronaldo has Done so Much for Real Madrid – So Why Do some Fans Whistle him? Faceless, Failing Club Owners could Learn from Juve’s Dazzling Dynasty Can other Teams Copy José Mourinho’s Template for Nullifying Chelsea? Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Middle East US Defence Secretary Meets Qatar’s Emir Asharq Al-Awsat English19 hours agoApril 22, 2017 153 US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis - The Guardian Abul Gheit: Arab League Passing through its Most Difficult Phase - Sudanese FM: Dialogue with Washington Leaning towards Lifting US Sanctions - Tunisia Prevented 27,000 Youths from Joining Terror Groups - Clarification - Mosul Residents Flee in Droves as Iraqi Forces Advance against ISIS Strongholds - Taif University Launches Project to Develop Islamic Culture Curriculum - French Police Arrest Knife-Wielding Man at Paris Train Station - Brighton’s Long March Ends in Chris Hughton’s Completion of a Job Well Done - Uber Wants to Rule the World. First It Must Conquer India - Ronaldo has Done so Much for Real Madrid – So Why Do some Fans Whistle him? Pentagon chief Jim Mattis met Qatar’s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani Saturday during a visit to the Gulf state which hosts the largest US air base in the Middle East. The visit to Doha is part of a Mideast tour which has included stops in Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Israel. Mattis has a scheduled visit to Djibouti on Sunday. The US Defence Secretary met with Qatar’s emir and was also due to meet with Defence Minister Khaled Al-Attiya during his brief visit, which aimed to improve relations with US President Donald Trump’s administration. The Gulf-US ties became increasingly frayed during Obama’s presidency, who seemed as too hesitant to intervene in Syria’s war and overly friendly with regional opponent Iran. Mattis, who commanded troops during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, said on Friday that there was “no doubt” Syria has kept some chemical weapons and warned head of Syrian regime Bashar al-Assad against using them. Qatar played a major role in the negotiations that led to a recent deal to evacuate thousands of Syrians from besieged towns. Washington and Qatar have close economic ties, with national carrier Qatar Airways announcing in October the acquisition of up to 100 Boeing aircraft worth $18.6 billion (17.3 billion euros). The oil-rich Gulf state is home to the Al-Udeid air base which houses around 10,000 US troops. Asharq Al-Awsat English Asharq Al-Awsat is the world’s premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Twitter - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related MattisQatarWashington Previous ArticleIDB Implements Development Projects in Yemen Worth $364 MlnNext ArticleScience Rallies Take Place around the Globe What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 40259 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 29531 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 25513 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 24043 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 23571 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 261Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated April 23, 2017 7:58 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PE-backed AIM Aerospace Corp hires SVP and chief operating officer April 19, 2017 By Iris Dorbian AIM Aerospace Corporation, a portfolio company of Liberty Hall Capital Partners, has named Patrick Russell as senior vice president and chief operating officer. Previously, Russell was vice president of operation and supply chain management at Orbital ATK. AIM is a provider of composite ducting, structural and interior parts for the global aerospace industry. PRESS RELEASE NEW YORK and RENTON, Wash., April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Liberty Hall Capital Partners (“Liberty Hall”), a private equity firm focused exclusively on investments in businesses serving the global aerospace and defense industry, today announced the appointment of Patrick J. Russell to the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of AIM Aerospace Corporation (“AIM”), a leading supplier of composite ducting, structural and interior parts for the global aerospace industry. Mr. Russell joins a growing team of senior leadership at AIM and will report directly to John Feutz, AIM’s President. In this role, Mr. Russell will oversee all operations of AIM and be responsible for achieving cost, quality control and schedule commitment targets. Mr. Russell has over 30 years of experience in numerous leadership roles across the aerospace manufacturing industry. “We are thrilled to have Pat join the leadership of AIM as we continue to expand the senior management team,” said Rowan Taylor, Liberty Hall’s founding Partner. “Pat’s exceptional track record in operations and supply chain executive management, paired with his leadership experience in the aerospace industry, will prove invaluable to AIM as we continue to carry out the company’s mission in driving a lean enterprise culture.” Mr. Russell added: “I am honored to take this new role at AIM and look forward to working with the team to steadily improve operations as we continue to integrate and unify the business.” Most recently, Mr. Russell was Vice President of Operation and Supply Chain Management at Orbital ATK, a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies. Prior to that, Mr. Russell worked at Vought Aircraft Industries, Inc. as Director of Global Supply. He has also held positions at Cytec Engineered Materials and The Boeing Company. In addition to his civilian career, Mr. Russell served as an Aircraft Maintenance Officer in the Naval Reserve and Avionics Supervisor in the United States Marine Corps. He received his AA from Mountain View College, BGS from the University of Texas at Arlington and MBA from the University of Dallas. About Liberty Hall Capital Partners Liberty Hall Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused exclusively on investments in businesses serving the global aerospace and defense industry. Liberty Hall’s principals have led the investment of $2.3 billion in equity capital in businesses serving multiple segments of the aerospace and defense industry and complementary industrial markets. Liberty Hall develops actionable investment strategies for attractive segments of the aerospace and defense industry and then partners with entrepreneurs and management teams to acquire leading businesses serving these segments and, together with them, develops sound, long-term strategic plans to build these businesses through a combination of organic investments and strategic acquisitions. For more information, please visit http://www.libertyhallcapital.com/. About AIM Aerospace Corporation AIM Aerospace Corporation is a leading supplier of composite ducting, structural and interior parts for the global aerospace industry based in greater Seattle, WA. AIM recently acquired Quatro Composites®, an innovator in the development and manufacturing of advanced composite parts based in Orange City, IA with a research and development center located in Poway, CA. AIM is currently executing a strategic plan to build its business through strategic investments in further capabilities, customers and platforms. For more information, please visit http://www.aim-aerospace.com/. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: BlackRock, Goldman Sachs, Thrivent are hiring by Eamon Murphy General Atlantic invests in Torchy’s Tacos by Iris Dorbian Platinum Equity to acquire American Traffic Solutions by Iris Dorbian JMP Securities appoints Slader as M&A head by Iris Dorbian Vista to buy Market Track from Aurora by Iris Dorbian Silver Lake raises $15 bln for fifth tech fund by Chris Witkowsky Stone Point and KKR-led investor group to acquire Focus Financial Partners by Iris Dorbian PE HUB First Read by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Sunday, April 23, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics MCD Election 2017 LIVE: Voting suspended in Maujpur, Sarai Pipal wards after death of candidates MCD Election 2017: Sluggish voting across Delhi; only 1.16% voter turnout till 10 am BJP has no role in internal problems of AIADMK: Venkaiah Naidu MCD Election 2017: Lt governor, Arvind Kejriwal cast their votes in Delhi civic polls LK Advani, MM Joshi tried to prevent crowd from demolishing Babri mosque: Satish Pradhan WATCH: After casting vote in MCD Election 2017, Meenakshi Lekhi talks to Firstpost Sports I-League: Aizawl's win over Mohun Bagan puts them on cusp of beating monumental odds West Indies vs Pakistan, 1st Test: Mohammad Amir completes five-wicket haul on rain-hit day IPL 2017: MS Dhoni's match-winning knock for RPS shows he can still weave his magic with the bat La Liga: Antoine Griezmann leads Atletico Madrid to victory; Villarreal win controversially IPL 2017: Delhi Daredevils' loss against Mumbai Indians tough return for Kagiso Rabada’s efforts FA Cup: Chelsea see off Tottenham Hotspur in dramatic fashion to book a place in the final India Three men transporting buffaloes in southeast Delhi roughed up Witch-hunting in Assam: A stringent law is the need of the hour to curb the practice Narendra Modi to address all BJP chief ministers today Indians can now apply online for passports in Hindi MCD Elections 2017: Polling in two wards postponed due to death of candidates Tamil Nadu CM E Palaniswamy assures help to protesting farmers at Jantar Mantar World Australia, New Zealand hit back at North Korea's nuclear strike threat Iran presidential polls on 19 May could spring major surprises, says report Donald Trump to mark 100 days of US presidency with rally in Pennsylvania Afghan survivors recount horror after Taliban attack at military base kills over 100 soldiers France votes in cliffhanger presidential election; poll outcome may redefine French stand on EU H1B briefing at White House highlights Infosys, TCS, Cognizant outsize role in lottery Business Cyrus Mistry versus Tata Sons: Ratan Tata praises judicial process for 'professionalism' Bad loan mess: 'Loan defaulters should be debarred from contesting elections, accepting Padma awards' Petrol pumps shutdown on Sundays to be dealt with necessary action, says govt Consumers get a free hand on hotel service charge payout SEBI court cancels non-bailable arrest warrants against Sahara chief Subrata Roy Cyrus Mistry appeals against company law tribunal rejecting waiver plea in Tata case Life Amid the tea plantations of Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, what drives the hunt for 'witches' Feminism is not about shutting things down. It's about claiming your pleasure: Geeta Patel Charles Sobhraj, now 72, is hoping changed laws will let him walk out of a Kathmandu prison The unbearable weight of the words: 'You can do it if you try' India's first 'village of books' comes up in Maharashtra; will promote tourism and Marathi language Entertainment Nach Baliye 8: Harbhajan Singh, Geeta Basra get emotional; Mona-Vikrant impress Singing the Blues: Grammy-nominated musician Beth Hart is making her India debut Baahubali 2's Karnataka release cleared as anti-Sathyaraj protests called off after actor's apology Salman Khan touches down in Sydney for Australian leg of his Da-Bangg Tour: See pics Khoon Aali Chithi trailer: Richa Chadha's short film offers grim look at '90s Punjab On Record Store Day 2017, let's celebrate the revival of the long playing record, aka the LP Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 MCD Election You are here: Latest News World News US defence secretary James Mattis visits key ally and oil-rich Gulf state Qatar US defence secretary James Mattis visits key ally and oil-rich Gulf state Qatar WorldAFPApr, 22 2017 16:59:14 IST #Bashar al-assad#Donald trump#Iraq#Islamic-state#Jim mattis#Middle east#Newstracker#Qatar#Saudi arabia#Syria#United states Doha: US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis met Qatar's emir, on Saturday, during a visit to the oil-rich Gulf state, home to the largest US air base in the Middle East. The visit to Doha is part of a regional tour that has included stops in Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Israel. Mattis is scheduled to visit Djibouti on Sunday. The Pentagon chief met with Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani and was also due to hold talks with Defence Minister Khaled Al-Attiya during his brief visit to Qatar, which aims to improve ties with US President Donald Trump's administration. Talks were expected to focus on the fight against the Islamic State group, the Syrian crisis, and the regional role of Iran, which Mattis has described as "destabilising". James Mattis. Reuters Washington's ties to Gulf states became increasingly frayed during the administration of president Barack Obama, whom leaders saw as too reluctant to intervene in the civil war in Syria and overly friendly with regional rival Iran. Mattis, who commanded troops during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, said in Israel yesterday that there was "no doubt" Syria has kept some chemical weapons and warned President Bashar al-Assad's regime not to use them. A small but strategic state in the Gulf, Qatar plays a key role in regional politics. It is home to the Al-Udeid air base which houses around 10,000 US troops. A longtime supporter of Syrian rebel groups, Qatar was also a key negotiator in brokering a recent deal to evacuate thousands of Syrians from besieged towns. Rival Iran, an ally of Assad, played a crucial role in the evacuation deal, which according to sources in Baghdad included the release of a Qatari hunting party kidnapped in southern Iraq in 2015. Washington has previously accused Doha of not doing enough to fight extremist organisations such as the Islamic State group. Qatar has denied the accusations. The two countries have close economic ties, with national carrier Qatar Airways announcing in October the acquisition of up to 100 Boeing aircraft worth USD 18.6 billion (17.3 billion euros). #Bashar al-assad#Donald trump#Iraq#Islamic-state#Jim mattis#Middle east#Newstracker#Qatar#Saudi arabia#Syria#United states Published Date: Apr 22, 2017 04:59 pm | Updated Date: Apr 22, 2017 04:59 pm Also See US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis warns Syria against using chemical weapons Syria airstrike: US missile attack is a senseless and dangerous act by Donald Trump regime Donald Trump says Nato no longer obsolete, urges allies to pick up fight against terror T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 23 GL Vs KXIP 2 Apr 23 KKR Vs RCB 3 Apr 24 MI Vs RPS 4 Apr 25 RCB Vs SRH 5 Apr 26 RPS Vs KKR Full Schedule Top Stories MCD Election 2017: Delhi's civic body is negligent of its responsibility towards heritage structures US Govt May Shut Down on Donald Trump's 100th Day in Office AIADMK crisis: Why BJP is hung up about merger of factions and having Panneerselvam as CM France votes in cliffhanger presidential election; poll outcome may redefine French stand on EU Ways to make money in a rising market Bad loan mess: 'Loan defaulters should be debarred from contesting elections, accepting Padma awards' Nach Baliye 8: Harbhajan Singh, Geeta Basra get emotional; Mona-Vikrant impress IPL 2017: MS Dhoni's match-winning knock for RPS shows he can still weave his magic with the bat Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs DEL Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Daredevils by 14 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs HYD Rising Pune Supergiant beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 6 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 Test Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs GUJ Gujarat Lions beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs DEL Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs BLR Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Gujarat Lions by 21 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs PUN Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Kings XI Punjab by 5 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Delhi Daredevils by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs PNE Rising Pune Supergiant beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 27 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PUN - Apr 23rd, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs BLR - Apr 23rd, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs PNE - Apr 24th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs HYD - Apr 25th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs KOL - Apr 26th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs GUJ - Apr 27th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs DEL - Apr 28th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs HYD - Apr 28th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs BLR - Apr 29th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs MUM - Apr 29th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Delhi MCD Elections 2017 South Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 North Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 East Delhi MCD Election Ward List 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Best of of Topeka 2017 Biz Directory Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home Best of of Topeka 2017 E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Business Watch: Arnold’s Greenhouse celebrates 40 years Kansas kids: Nidia, Iracema and Brissa Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Rangers record second walkoff win in three nights against reeling Royals Kevin Haskin: New K-State AD looking forward to conversation with Bill Snyder Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Voting begins for 2017 Best of Topeka Topeka churches’ paths intersect in transition Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: Kansas needs long-term budget solutions Matt Johnson: Choosing perpetual war in Afghanistan Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted April 21, 2017 09:53 pm By Steve Cokie Roberts Steve and Cokie Roberts: Trump’s encouraging pragmatism If President Trump were starring in a new reality show – which, of course, he is – here’s a possible title: “The Real World.” Washington is awash with commentary that the president is “moving to the center” and abandoning his conservative principles for a more “moderate” posture pushed by son-in-law Jared Kushner and other New Yorkers who don’t share the heartland populism of Trump’s most ardent supporters. In recent weeks, the president has swiftly altered his position on a range of topics: the relevance of NATO, trade relations with China and Mexico, the Federal Reserve, and the value of the Export-Import Bank, which finances American companies doing business abroad. “As he nears 100 days in the White House, Mr. Trump has demonstrated that while he won office on a populist message, he has not consistently governed that way,” reports The New York Times. But to frame these changes as an ideological shift, from the right to the center, misunderstands this president and his approach to politics. He is not an ideologue. He has no fixed principles or goals, except to win, to make a deal, to enhance his own ego and reputation. As he has often made clear, his business experience taught him to be a pragmatist, to consider the world as it is, not as it should be. And that practicality is emerging as a core element of his presidency. That’s why he’s marginalizing advisers like Steve Bannon, a hard-eyed bomb-throwing nationalist who is clearly out of sync with Trump’s essential nature. And why he’s elevating business types like Kushner and former Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn, who share Trump’s basic worldview that you do what it takes to get the deal done. The president’s pragmatic streak alarms and even enrages true believers, who thought they were promoting a kindred spirit. As one Bannon ally told The Wall Street Journal: “We didn’t elect Kushner to bring a New York establishment mentality to Washington. The reason we worked so hard and gave so much money was because we were promised a nationalist revolution. We didn’t send him there to go native once he gets to Washington, D.C.” This is Bernieism, but on the right: the willful self-delusion that this is somehow a revolutionary country. In fact, thank goodness, this is a stable, centrist country that will celebrate the 241st anniversary of its last revolution this July. Sure, Trump keeps employing overheated rhetoric on issues like immigration and the media, but he’s never been a revolutionary – or even a Republican. He’s a Trumpian, and true Trumpians recognize reality. Take China. During the campaign, Trump bashed Beijing as a bad commercial partner and threatened a trade war to set things right. Once in office, the world looks very different. The president’s discovered that he needs China, so he’s offering a bargain: You rein in North Korea, I’ll ease up on trade demands. As Trump told the Journal after his meeting with Chinese president Xi Jinping: “Now, I did say – but you want to make a great deal? Solve the problem in North Korea. … That’s worth having not as good a trade deal as I would normally be able to make.” A “nationalist revolution” that’s not. Or take NATO. Trump called it “obsolete” during the campaign, but after meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, he declared, “It’s no longer obsolete.” Trump has now realized that for all his happy talk about Russia during the campaign, Moscow under Vladimir Putin remains an aggressive and expansionist power – and NATO exists for a very good reason: to check and balance that power. Once more, reality reigns. Another instructive example of Trump’s pragmatism is the Ex-Im Bank, which enjoyed bipartisan support for more than 80 years before tea party types started blasting it as an example of “crony capitalism.” Candidate Trump – he of no fixed principles – adopted the line as a handy way to burnish his populist credentials. But corporate executives like Dennis Muilenburg of Boeing have told him the truth: the Ex-Im Bank is a valuable asset to America’s job-creating companies that want to compete in the global marketplace. “So instinctively you would say it’s a ridiculous thing, but actually it’s a very good thing and it actually makes money,” Trump conceded to the Journal. The president is still an impulsive, intemperate and unqualified leader, but his lack of fixed principles could turn out to be an advantage. He seems willing to listen and learn, at least on some issues, and that’s a positive sign. Steve and Cokie Roberts are national columnists for Universal Features Syndicate. Advertisement Most Popular News Sat, 04/22/2017 - 23:01 California-based Prime Healthcare: We’d like to save St. Francis Sports Sat, 04/22/2017 - 18:21 Short-handed K-State wraps up spring football practice News Sat, 04/22/2017 - 23:02 Consultant: Shawnee County lacks sufficient housing for its richest and poorest residents News Sat, 04/22/2017 - 22:55 House bill could narrow private school tax credit program in coming years   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Sun, 04/23/2017 - 00:09 Josh Rouse: Up Shunga Creek without a paddle Sat, 04/22/2017 - 19:07 2017 NFL Draft: K-State trio, KU’s Fish Smithson among Big 12 talents in 2017 class Sat, 04/22/2017 - 15:45 Editorial: Kansas needs long-term budget solutions Sat, 04/22/2017 - 15:45 Matt Johnson: Choosing perpetual war in Afghanistan Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
