Photos Videos Topics Live IND 321/6 (50) - SL (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News Technology News Science News Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet (Representational Image) Shares0 Thu, 8 Jun 2017-10:11am , Reuters Boeing has looked at options "from mild to wild" for the design of a proposed mid-market jet, a senior executive said, hinting at a breakthrough that industry sources say will create building blocks for future models. Marketing Vice President Randy Tinseth said Boeing would leapfrog reported plans by Airbus to update its hot-selling A321neo, as Boeing eyes a gap between narrow-body jets and long-haul aircraft for a potential new mid-market airplane. "We have looked at the mild and we have looked at the wild and I can tell you we know that if you are going to address that market, you need a new airplane," Tinseth told Reuters after a two-day meeting of airline leaders in Mexico. Industry sources have said the mid-market development is pivotal for Boeing since it will spawn the industrial jigsaw, systems and cockpits likely to be used for the next plane after that, a three-aircraft replacement of Boeing's 737 cash cow. Getting the "production system" right now would partially allow Boeing to develop the next jet, which is expected to revolve around a model carrying 180 passengers, as an industrial spin-off of the mid-market one, albeit with major differences. This would result in significant cost savings and avoid repeating a patchwork of different production architectures. Two further derivatives could extend that post-737 jet family to 160-210 seats, based on current market forecasts. Boeing has not yet talked about its plans beyond the mid-market plane, which is expected to enter service by 2025. Boeing officials declined comment on the long-term options or specific details of the mid-market project, which one leasing company has dubbed "797". GOODBYE STEAM ENGINE For the mid-market jet, industry sources have said Boeing is settling on a family of two wide-body aircraft. These would effectively combine a twin-aisle cabin sitting on top of the reduced belly space of a single-aisle jet. The aim is to reduce wind resistance or drag and therefore operating costs. However, it involves a risky gamble that airlines will not need to carry much paid cargo on the routes for which the airplane is designed, delegates at the airlines meeting in Cancun said. The two mid-market models, designed to carry about 220-260 passengers over 3,500 to 5,000 nautical miles (6,400-9,260 km), will also have a wing resembling the distinctive stiletto design of the 787 Dreamliner but with significant internal differences. Seen from the front, the outline of traditional metal airplane fuselages is usually closer to a true circle. That allows pressurised air inside the cabin to push out uniformly in all directions, easing loads and removing the need for heavy strengthening materials. That well-tested concept is as old as the steam engine. Carbon composites allow manufacturers to make complex pieces in one shape and are well suited to the more elliptical design that Boeing has in mind for the new mid-market fuselage. However, composites are more expensive to produce. Reuters reported last month that the new aircraft could be built using cheaper and faster new production techniques without costly pressurised ovens, or autoclaves. That technology was used to weave the carbon wings of Russia's new MS-21 jet, which first flew last month. Airbus this week played down a project called A321neo-plus-plus in response to the Boeing mid-market jet, first reported by Reuters, and said it was always reviewing options. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Science Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet Science Indian-American selected by NASA among 12 new astronauts Science Flying squirrel species discovered by scientists Science China making 'preliminary' preparations to send man to the moon Science Czech scientists see growing risk of asteroid hitting Earth Science REVEALED: Cosmic rays may double cancer risks for astronauts travelling to Mars Live Cricket Score Live IND 321/6 (50) SL (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Boeing Reuters Mexico Russia Randy Tinseth Cancun Boeing jets Boeing India Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After-being-accused-for-Gulf-crisis,-Trump-now-offers-to-resolve-it Rajnath to review security on Indo-Myanmar Border with NE CMs Dry state no more: Kerala to allow bar licences to 3-4-star hotels Prez race: Panel of 9 non-NDA parties to decide on consensus Explosives, including detonators, seized in police raid Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business Kenya to convert $243 mln debt in Kenya Airways into equity Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Ex-judges of Delhi HC to get domestic help at court expense Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing said to woo United, Lion in bid to buttress Max 10 launch Thursday June 8, 2017 08:46 AM GMT+8 ICYMI High-scoring Indian student chooses religion over college Serbian press lament poor performance of national tennis hero Djokovic ProjekMMO: Dah glamor di YouTube, Mat Luthfi arah filem UN warns of ‘significant escalation’ of civilian deaths in Mosul Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article File picture shows ground crew members escorting a Boeing 737 MAX as it returns from a flight test at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington, January 29, 2016. — Reuters picSEATTLE, June 8 — Boeing Co is in talks with United Airlines and at least four other companies as the US planemaker tries to line up initial customers for its 737 Max 10 jetliner and gain ground on a fast-selling Airbus SE model, people familiar with the matter said. The roster of potential buyers of the largest-ever 737, which is expected to launch this month, spans the globe. Initial sales prospects include Indonesia’s Lion Mentari Airlines PT, the aircraft-leasing arm of China’s development bank, Jet Airways India Ltd and Copa Holdings SA, said the people, who asked not to be named because they weren’t authorised to speak publicly about the negotiations. The US manufacturer is seeking a groundswell of orders to demonstrate the Max 10’s market appeal and strike back at the A321neo, Airbus’s largest narrow-body jet, which is capturing trans-continental routes once dominated by Boeing’s out-of-production 757. The Max 10 talks aren’t final and Airbus could still try to thwart the sales ahead of the Paris Air Show later this month. A spokesman for Chicago-based Boeing declined to comment on the talks. Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for United, declined to comment on a potential order, as did CDB Aviation Lease Finance, the Chinese aircraft lessor. Lion, Jet Airways and Panama City-based Copa didn’t immediately comment. ‘Flailing about’ The newest 737 Max would seat about 220 passengers in a single-cabin layout popular with budget carriers while burning about 5 percent less fuel than its similarly sized Airbus rival, according to the US company. The Boeing jet isn’t slated to enter the commercial market until 2020. Airbus delivered the first A321neo earlier this year and has garnered 1,416 total orders, according to the company’s website. Airbus sales chief John Leahy dismissed the competitive threat in comments to reporters this week, saying the U.S. planemaker was responding to the A321neo only because the Airbus plane outsold the Max 9 by a four-to-one ratio. The Max 10’s frame would be five feet longer than that of the Max 9. Boeing doesn’t break out its Max sales by variant. Boeing is “flailing about, trying to come up with some answer to it that doesn’t cost them a fortune,” Leahy said. “Usually those things in aviation don’t work successfully.” United fleet United Continental Holdings Inc is studying whether to convert 61 orders for the 737 Max to the -10 version, while taking a handful of Boeing 777-300ERs, the largest twin-engine jetliner currently flying, some of the people said. The carrier gained the production slots last year after it converted an earlier order for the Boeing 737-700 to the Max. The Chicago-based airline is also considering an A321neo order, the people said. Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz said United, the third-largest US carrier, was “interested” in the Max 10, during a brief interview on the sidelines of the International Air Transport Association meeting in Cancun, Mexico, this week. Jet Airways, India’s biggest full-service airline, is preparing to order 50 single-aisle jets, Bloomberg reported June 5. The airline, which operates an all-Boeing narrow-body fleet, is evaluating the Max 10, the high-density Max 200 as well as the Airbus A321neo. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Gloves off in spat between India's central bank, government Asian currencies edge down on caution ahead of risk events Prasarana to generate RM17b in economic returns this year, says PM Ringgit closes lower against US dollar KL shares end lower on extended consolidation Ringgit slightly higher against US dollar in early trade Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Bursa to be firmer next week Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Lion Air may help launch Boeing 737 MAX 10, sources say Boeing 737 Max back in flight as first plane delivery looms Boeing must get 737 MAX engine approval to fly again Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Boeing profit jumps 19pc, full-year target lifted Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Sign out Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingQatar | Apple | Oil | NAFTA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance ‘First step in a long process’: Quick end to U.S. Bombardier probe unlikely, trade experts say Alicja Siekierska | June 7, 2017 4:10 PM ET More from Alicja Siekierska Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon The United States International Trade Commission is expected to vote Friday to press on with an investigation of Bombardier Inc.’s trade practices following a complaint from the Boeing Company, a probe that could complicate Bombardier’s ability to sell its C Series jets in the U.S. market. Boeing filed a petition in April with the USITC and the U.S. Department of Commerce seeking an anti-dumping, countervailing duty order against the sale of the C Series, alleging that massive government subsidies have allowed Bombardier to embark “on an aggressive campaign to dump its C Series aircraft in the United States.” On Friday the USITC is slated to vote, based on a preliminary investigation, on whether there is reasonable indication that Boeing was materially injured or threatened with material injury as a result of Bombardier’s alleged sale of subsidized jets for less than fair value. The vote will take place at 11 a.m. in Washington, D.C. The USITC is expected to file its preliminary determination by Monday, and a public version of the report will be available in July. Related ‘Risk profile goes down’: Bombardier says trade dispute not slowing CSeries momentum Defence minister says Boeing’s complaint about Bombardier means it’s no longer a ‘trusted partner’ If the USITC determination is negative, then both the USITC and the Department of Commerce investigations would end. However, trade experts say this is highly unlikely. Lawrence Herman, international trade counsel at Herman and Associates, said “it’s a virtual certainty” that the USITC will find there is enough evidence to continue its investigation. “This is the first in a long series of steps that will almost certainly lead to trade challenges by Bombardier itself,” Herman said. Bombardier said in a statement released after staff testified at a USITC hearing last month that the company will continue to engage with industry leaders, government officials and the public to demonstrate that it honoured all international trade law obligations. “This was the first step in a long process to demonstrate that Boeing’s petition is unfounded and would harm the airlines, the travelling public and innovation in the aerospace industry,” said Mike Nadolski, vice president of communications at Bombardier. Karl Moore, a professor at the Desautels Faculty of Management at McGill University, said the petition is likely part of Boeing’s strategy to prevent Bombardier from becoming a major player in the U.S. market. “This is some sabre-rattling to make airlines in the U.S. nervous about the C Series and think, ‘maybe it’s a risk.’ It could potentially hurt Bombardier’s sale efforts in the U.S. That’s probably the main thing Boeing is looking for,” Moore said. At the crux of Boeing’s petition are two order bids Bombardier participated in: A United Airlines order for 65 737-700 jets that Boeing said it was forced to offer at discounted prices because of Bombardier and, most significantly, Delta Air Lines’ order for 75 C Series Jets. In a post-conference brief filed on May 23, Delta sided with Bombardier, saying there has been “no reasonable indication of threat of material injury” to Boeing. “By its own admission, Boeing never tried to sell new aircraft to Delta in the transaction at issue. The firm order placed with Bombardier cannot be the reason for any alleged threat of injury when Boeing does not make an aircraft the size Delta needed,” the airline said. The preliminary investigation, which included briefs filed by lawyers representing Boeing, Bombardier, Delta Air Lines and the Canadian government, has offered a glimpse at the negotiations behind major aircraft orders. Delta’s road to the C Series began when it says it decided to seek aircrafts with a capacity of 100 to 110 seats as part of its strategy to shift from flying regional jets to larger narrow-body aircrafts. The airline initially placed an order for 19 used Brazilian Embraer E-190s from Boeing, which had obtained them from a trade-in with Air Canada. However, according to the brief, Delta found out the global supply for the E-190s was limited and pricing was as much as 40 per cent higher for the remaining jets it required, so it reconsidered its options. It was at this point that Bombardier’s C Series jets became a leading contender. Delta said that while Bombardier had secured other customers for the C Series, “it still needed the market validation of a high-profile and well-respected marquee airline making a large purchase.” The airline said it saw this as an opportunity to secure a “customary marquee purchase price” — a widely recognized feature where customers receive favourable pricing that reflects the risk associated with purchasing new aircraft. That price, Boeing has argued, was below the cost to manufacture a C Series aircraft, something both Delta and Bombardier have disputed. Jesse Goldman, partner of international trade and investment at Bennett Jones LLP in Toronto, said a positive determination is likely, and that the ensuing investigation will be both complicated and lengthy. “I think Boeing has a difficult case in some respects,” he said. “They are complaining about an injury into a segment of the aircraft market which they haven’t sold any aircraft for a number of years in that seat and size range.” Boeing alleges that Bombardier is using highly distortive pricing to eliminate the 737 MAX 7 from the 100 to 150-seat single aisle market, which will allow the Quebec company to bring in a CS500 — a medium single-aisle jet that would compete with Boeing’s 737-800 and MAX 8. “The U.S. industry has been the victim of this exact strategy before, as subsidies to Airbus enabled it to push McDonell Douglas and Lockheed from the market, capture 50 per cent of the global market share, destroying countless high-paying, skilled U.S. jobs in the process,” Boeing said. Bombardier disputes Boeing’s assertion that the C Series jet competes with the smaller 737 and MAX aircrafts, and argues that the material injury that could be inflicted on the U.S. market is “speculative and far in the future.” “By focusing only on its smallest and least successful 737 models, Boeing has created an artificially narrow like product,” Bombardier said in its post-conference brief. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach.” Financial Post Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Transportation, Boeing Company, bombardier, U.S. International Trade Commission Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks FP500: The most authoritative ranking of Canadian business available Whose’s up and whose’s down? All you want to know about Canada’s largest corporations is here — with a searchable data base Kevin Libin: The corporate climate swamp stands with Paris Companies had spent a lot of time and money lobbying their way to gaming profits off Paris’s global regulatory climate regime, then Trump overturned the gameboard Stephen Jarislowsky: Our tax system is now so unfair it will push productive people to leave Canada You do not build a prosperous nation by excessively taxing those who create prosperity and jobs, now and in the future, says billionaire investor Foreign buyer debate shifts to Montreal as home sales hit record Concerns are mounting that foreign buyers taxed out of Vancouver and Toronto are now eyeing Montreal, and at $319,000, the average house is a global bargain Rob Merrifield: Politicians killed Canada’s low-dollar advantage by piling on carbon taxes and environmental red tape Carbon taxes and heavier regulations have companies questioning whether to commit to investments in Canada Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 23 P/SUNNY TOKYO (10 p.m.) Markets 109.77 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Support About us Faqs Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ An official watches passengers as they walk along the tarmac to board a Qantas Airways Boeing 737-800 at Sydney's domestic airport terminal in October. | REUTERS Business Boeing weighs ‘mild to wild’ design for pivotal midmarket jet Reuters Jun 8, 2017 Article history Online: Jun 08, 2017 Last Modified: Jun 08, 2017 PRINT SHARE CANCUN, MEXICO – Boeing has looked at options “from mild to wild” for the design of a proposed mid-market jet, a senior executive said, hinting at a breakthrough that industry sources say will create building blocks for future models. Marketing Vice President Randy Tinseth said Boeing would leapfrog reported plans by Airbus to update its hot-selling A321neo, as Boeing eyes a gap between narrow-body jets and long-haul aircraft for a potential new midmarket airplane. “We have looked at the mild and we have looked at the wild and I can tell you we know that if you are going to address that market, you need a new airplane,” Tinseth said after a two-day meeting of airline leaders in Mexico. Industry sources have said the midmarket development is pivotal for Boeing since it will spawn the industrial jigsaw, systems and cockpits likely to be used for the next plane after that, a three-aircraft replacement of Boeing’s 737 cash cow. Getting the “production system” right now would partially allow Boeing to develop the next jet, which is expected to revolve around a model carrying 180 passengers, as an industrial spinoff of the midmarket one, albeit with major differences. This would result in significant cost savings and avoid repeating a patchwork of different production architectures. Two further derivatives could extend that post-737 jet family to 160-210 seats, based on current market forecasts. Boeing has not yet talked about its plans beyond the midmarket plane, which is expected to enter service by 2025. Boeing officials declined comment on the long-term options or specific details of the mid-market project, which one leasing company has dubbed “797.” For the midmarket jet, industry sources have said Boeing is settling on a family of two wide-body aircraft. These would effectively combine a twin-aisle cabin sitting on top of the reduced belly space of a single-aisle jet. The aim is to reduce wind resistance or drag and therefore operating costs. However, it involves a risky gamble that airlines will not need to carry much paid cargo on the routes for which the airplane is designed, delegates at the airlines meeting in Cancun said. The two midmarket models, designed to carry about 220-260 passengers over 3,500 to 5,000 nautical miles (6,400-9,260 km), will also have a wing resembling the distinctive stiletto design of the 787 Dreamliner but with significant internal differences. Seen from the front, the outline of traditional metal airplane fuselages is usually closer to a true circle. That allows pressurized air inside the cabin to push out uniformly in all directions, easing loads and removing the need for heavy strengthening materials. That well-tested concept is as old as the steam engine. Carbon composites allow manufacturers to make complex pieces in one shape and are well suited to the more elliptical design that Boeing has in mind for the new midmarket fuselage. However, composites are more expensive to produce. Reuters reported last month that the new aircraft could be built using cheaper and faster new production techniques without costly pressurized ovens, or autoclaves. That technology was used to weave the carbon wings of Russia’s new MS-21 jet, which first flew last month. Airbus this week played down a project called A321neo-plus-plus in response to the Boeing midmarket jet, and said it was always reviewing options. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Boeing, Russia, Airbus, midmarket jet Business Honda aims to develop fully self-driving cars by around 2025 Fate of Toshiba hangs in the balance as TSE delisting threat looms Tokyo stocks end lower on yen’s strength Dollar firmer above ¥109.50 as news on BOJ caps topside Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Tackling signs in Japan that you’re not welcome Merkel wrong about Trump, Brexit Mitsubishi Heavy unveils first F-35 stealth fighter assembled in Japan Learn Japanese as you binge with Netflix anime series Indoor smoking ban shelved as LDP and health ministry reach impasse, sources say Western Digital gives up on buying majority stake in Toshiba chip unit High infidelity: Ayumi Ito reprises her role in ‘Hirugao’ Seven more Fukushima residents diagnosed with thyroid cancer Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 2 mins S&P 500 2,431.39 -1.75 (-0.07%) Dow 30 21,170.35 -3.34 (-0.02%) Nasdaq 6,292.76 -4.62 (-0.07%) Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet Reuters June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share * Marketing chief says new plane needed to fill mid-market gap * Industry sources see family of two twin-aisle jets * Project set to create industrial jigsaw for 737 replacement By Tim Hepher CANCUN, Mexico, June 7 (Reuters) - Boeing has looked at options "from mild to wild" for the design of a proposed mid-market jet, a senior executive said, hinting at a breakthrough that industry sources say will create building blocks for future models. Marketing Vice President Randy Tinseth said Boeing would leapfrog reported plans by Airbus to update its hot-selling A321neo, as Boeing eyes a gap between narrow-body jets and long-haul aircraft for a potential new mid-market airplane. "We have looked at the mild and we have looked at the wild and I can tell you we know that if you are going to address that market, you need a new airplane," Tinseth told Reuters after a two-day meeting of airline leaders in Mexico. Industry sources have said the mid-market development is pivotal for Boeing since it will spawn the industrial jigsaw, systems and cockpits likely to be used for the next plane after that, a three-aircraft replacement of Boeing's 737 cash cow. Getting the "production system" right now would partially allow Boeing to develop the next jet, which is expected to revolve around a model carrying 180 passengers, as an industrial spin-off of the mid-market one, albeit with major differences. This would result in significant cost savings and avoid repeating a patchwork of different production architectures. Two further derivatives could extend that post-737 jet family to 160-210 seats, based on current market forecasts. Boeing has not yet talked about its plans beyond the mid-market plane, which is expected to enter service by 2025. Boeing officials declined comment on the long-term options or specific details of the mid-market project, which one leasing company has dubbed "797". GOODBYE STEAM ENGINE For the mid-market jet, industry sources have said Boeing is settling on a family of two wide-body aircraft. These would effectively combine a twin-aisle cabin sitting on top of the reduced belly space of a single-aisle jet. The aim is to reduce wind resistance or drag and therefore operating costs. However, it involves a risky gamble that airlines will not need to carry much paid cargo on the routes for which the airplane is designed, delegates at the airlines meeting in Cancun said. The two mid-market models, designed to carry about 220-260 passengers over 3,500 to 5,000 nautical miles (6,400-9,260 km), will also have a wing resembling the distinctive stiletto design of the 787 Dreamliner but with significant internal differences. Seen from the front, the outline of traditional metal airplane fuselages is usually closer to a true circle. That allows pressurised air inside the cabin to push out uniformly in all directions, easing loads and removing the need for heavy strengthening materials. That well-tested concept is as old as the steam engine. Carbon composites allow manufacturers to make complex pieces in one shape and are well suited to the more elliptical design that Boeing has in mind for the new mid-market fuselage. However, composites are more expensive to produce. Reuters reported last month that the new aircraft could be built using cheaper and faster new production techniques without costly pressurised ovens, or autoclaves. That technology was used to weave the carbon wings of Russia's new MS-21 jet, which first flew last month. Airbus this week played down a project called A321neo-plus-plus in response to the Boeing mid-market jet, first reported by Reuters, and said it was always reviewing options. (Additional reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Susan Fenton) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Boeing Woos United and Lion in a Bid to Boost Max 10 Launch Bloomberg SpaceX to launch US Air Force's spy plane Boeing X37-B on its Falcon 9 rocket International Business Times Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions Reuters Middle East Has Too Many Airlines, Qatar Airways Has Big Problems and Boeing May Be Hurt The Street Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 175
Thursday, June 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi's theatrics bear imprints of UP as Congress hopes to turn its fortune Madhya Pradesh protest: We are sensitive to farmers' issues, says Rajnath Singh Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Gorkha Janmukti Morcha clash in Darjeeling: Police vehicles damaged, security personnel injured Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan police to probe if Rahul Gandhi violated traffic rules on his way to Mandsaur Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Unrest in Mandsaur 'should not be seen in isolation', says Bhupinder Hooda Sports French Open 2017: Rafael Nadal can win 15 titles at Roland Garros, says Gustavo Kuerten ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Sri Lanka, Live cricket score and updates: Dickwella, Gunathilaka open for Lankans Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko FIFA U-17 World Cup 2017: Javier Ceppi feels completion of the draw will improve ticket sales French Open 2017: Rohan Bopanna wins first mixed doubles Grand Slam title with Gabriela Dabrowski Altibox Norway Chess: Viswanathan Anand hurt by misjudgment against Vladimir Kramnik in 2nd round India Petrol, diesel rates to be revised daily from 16 June in sync with international rates Three years of Narendra Modi: BJP directs top leaders to visit Dalit homes, have food with them MP farmer protest: AAP delegation plan Mandsaur visit to address Modi's silence on issue Indian Army foils infiltration bid in Kashmir; one jawan, three militants killed along LoC Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Situation in Mandsaur improving but tense, says state administration Pakistan military provides artillery support, cover fire to infiltrators in Kashmir: Indian Army World Washington edgy ahead of James Comey's testimony in Russia probe: A look back at previous high-drama Senate hearings James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Britain polls: Caste legislation introduced to attract Indian-origin voters At least 12 terrorists killed, arms and explosives recovered from Balochistan: Pakistan military UK Election 2017 LIVE: Opinion polls predict lead for Theresa May's Conservatives, but not landslide victory Kabul attack serves as a grim reminder for international community: Afghanistan is headed towards anarchy Business Petrol, diesel rates to be revised daily from 16 June in sync with international rates Gear up for change in petrol, diesel prices every day; new rule to kick in from 16 June Planning to book a flight ticket? You may soon be required to provide Aadhaar card or PAN as ID Tata Sons garners Rs 10,300 cr from TCS buyback programme, tenders 3.6 cr shares IDBI Bank sets up dept to manage bad loans, after being put "under watch" by RBI Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Entertainment Veere Di Wedding starts shooting in August; Sumeet Vyas to star opposite Kareena? Tokyo Trial: Irrfan Khan is perfect as Justice Pal, the only Indian judge on a World War II panel Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot was pregnant while shooting for the superhero film Kajal Aggarwal, not Tamannaah Bhatia, to play lead role in Tamil remake of Queen Taapsee Pannu may play spy again in Operation Jinnah, after Baby, Naam Shabana Salman Khan's Bodyguard 2: Six years after being announced, news on sequel has petered out Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet | Reuters Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 08 2017 01:15:06 IST #Reuters By Tim Hepher | CANCUN, Mexico CANCUN, Mexico Boeing (BA.N) has looked at options "from mild to wild" for the design of a proposed mid-market jet, a senior executive said, hinting at a breakthrough that industry sources say will create building blocks for future models.Marketing Vice President Randy Tinseth said Boeing would leapfrog reported plans by Airbus (AIR.N) to update its hot-selling A321neo, as Boeing eyes a gap between narrow-body jets and long-haul aircraft for a potential new mid-market airplane."We have looked at the mild and we have looked at the wild and I can tell you we know that if you are going to address that market, you need a new airplane," Tinseth told Reuters after a two-day meeting of airline leaders in Mexico.Industry sources have said the mid-market development is pivotal for Boeing since it will spawn the industrial jigsaw, systems and cockpits likely to be used for the next plane after that, a three-aircraft replacement of Boeing's 737 cash cow.Getting the "production system" right now would partially allow Boeing to develop the next jet, which is expected to revolve around a model carrying 180 passengers, as an industrial spin-off of the mid-market one, albeit with major differences.This would result in significant cost savings and avoid repeating a patchwork of different production architectures.Two further derivatives could extend that post-737 jet family to 160-210 seats, based on current market forecasts.Boeing has not yet talked about its plans beyond the mid-market plane, which is expected to enter service by 2025. Boeing officials declined comment on the long-term options or specific details of the mid-market project, which one leasing company has dubbed "797".GOODBYE STEAM ENGINE For the mid-market jet, industry sources have said Boeing is settling on a family of two wide-body aircraft.These would effectively combine a twin-aisle cabin sitting on top of the reduced belly space of a single-aisle jet. The aim is to reduce wind resistance or drag and therefore operating costs. However, it involves a risky gamble that airlines will not need to carry much paid cargo on the routes for which the airplane is designed, delegates at the airlines meeting in Cancun said.The two mid-market models, designed to carry about 220-260 passengers over 3,500 to 5,000 nautical miles (6,400-9,260 km), will also have a wing resembling the distinctive stiletto design of the 787 Dreamliner but with significant internal differences.Seen from the front, the outline of traditional metal airplane fuselages is usually closer to a true circle. That allows pressurised air inside the cabin to push out uniformly in all directions, easing loads and removing the need for heavy strengthening materials. That well-tested concept is as old as the steam engine.Carbon composites allow manufacturers to make complex pieces in one shape and are well suited to the more elliptical design that Boeing has in mind for the new mid-market fuselage.However, composites are more expensive to produce.Reuters reported last month that the new aircraft could be built using cheaper and faster new production techniques without costly pressurised ovens, or autoclaves.That technology was used to weave the carbon wings of Russia's new MS-21 jet, which first flew last month.Airbus this week played down a project called A321neo-plus-plus in response to the Boeing mid-market jet, first reported by Reuters, and said it was always reviewing options. (Additional reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Susan Fenton) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 08, 2017 01:15 am | Updated Date: Jun 08, 2017 01:15 am Also See Manchester attacker's younger brother arrested in Tripoli - spokesman | Reuters UK police arrest fifth person in connection with Manchester attack | Reuters British police hunt possible bomb-maker, accomplices after Manchester bombing - sources | Reuters Lupin warns of more pricing pressure as fourth-quarter profit halves | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN 2 Jun 10 ENG Vs AUS 3 Jun 11 IND Vs SA 4 Jun 12 SL Vs PAK 5 Jun 14 A1 Vs B2 Full Schedule Top Stories Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Loan waiver is no solution, but does govt have any other ideas? That Rare Occasion When Shikhar Dhawan Makes Batting Look Beautiful Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing How to develop a trading strategy for every occasion Treat Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest with urgency; a contagion could deepen the crisis Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Kollywood's in crisis, with its films failing, GST looming, and political instability in Tamil Nadu Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SL Live Now ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK Vs SA Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs NZ England beat New Zealand by 87 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs BAN Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs PAK - Jun 12th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A1 vs B2 - Jun 14th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 15th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A2 vs B1 - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Photos Videos Topics Live IND 321/6 (50) - SL (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News Technology News Science News Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet (Representational Image) Shares0 Thu, 8 Jun 2017-10:11am , Reuters Boeing has looked at options "from mild to wild" for the design of a proposed mid-market jet, a senior executive said, hinting at a breakthrough that industry sources say will create building blocks for future models. Marketing Vice President Randy Tinseth said Boeing would leapfrog reported plans by Airbus to update its hot-selling A321neo, as Boeing eyes a gap between narrow-body jets and long-haul aircraft for a potential new mid-market airplane. "We have looked at the mild and we have looked at the wild and I can tell you we know that if you are going to address that market, you need a new airplane," Tinseth told Reuters after a two-day meeting of airline leaders in Mexico. Industry sources have said the mid-market development is pivotal for Boeing since it will spawn the industrial jigsaw, systems and cockpits likely to be used for the next plane after that, a three-aircraft replacement of Boeing's 737 cash cow. Getting the "production system" right now would partially allow Boeing to develop the next jet, which is expected to revolve around a model carrying 180 passengers, as an industrial spin-off of the mid-market one, albeit with major differences. This would result in significant cost savings and avoid repeating a patchwork of different production architectures. Two further derivatives could extend that post-737 jet family to 160-210 seats, based on current market forecasts. Boeing has not yet talked about its plans beyond the mid-market plane, which is expected to enter service by 2025. Boeing officials declined comment on the long-term options or specific details of the mid-market project, which one leasing company has dubbed "797". GOODBYE STEAM ENGINE For the mid-market jet, industry sources have said Boeing is settling on a family of two wide-body aircraft. These would effectively combine a twin-aisle cabin sitting on top of the reduced belly space of a single-aisle jet. The aim is to reduce wind resistance or drag and therefore operating costs. However, it involves a risky gamble that airlines will not need to carry much paid cargo on the routes for which the airplane is designed, delegates at the airlines meeting in Cancun said. The two mid-market models, designed to carry about 220-260 passengers over 3,500 to 5,000 nautical miles (6,400-9,260 km), will also have a wing resembling the distinctive stiletto design of the 787 Dreamliner but with significant internal differences. Seen from the front, the outline of traditional metal airplane fuselages is usually closer to a true circle. That allows pressurised air inside the cabin to push out uniformly in all directions, easing loads and removing the need for heavy strengthening materials. That well-tested concept is as old as the steam engine. Carbon composites allow manufacturers to make complex pieces in one shape and are well suited to the more elliptical design that Boeing has in mind for the new mid-market fuselage. However, composites are more expensive to produce. Reuters reported last month that the new aircraft could be built using cheaper and faster new production techniques without costly pressurised ovens, or autoclaves. That technology was used to weave the carbon wings of Russia's new MS-21 jet, which first flew last month. Airbus this week played down a project called A321neo-plus-plus in response to the Boeing mid-market jet, first reported by Reuters, and said it was always reviewing options. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Science Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet Science Indian-American selected by NASA among 12 new astronauts Science Flying squirrel species discovered by scientists Science China making 'preliminary' preparations to send man to the moon Science Czech scientists see growing risk of asteroid hitting Earth Science REVEALED: Cosmic rays may double cancer risks for astronauts travelling to Mars Live Cricket Score Live IND 321/6 (50) SL (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Boeing Reuters Mexico Russia Randy Tinseth Cancun Boeing jets Boeing India Web Exclusive SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After-being-accused-for-Gulf-crisis,-Trump-now-offers-to-resolve-it Rajnath to review security on Indo-Myanmar Border with NE CMs Dry state no more: Kerala to allow bar licences to 3-4-star hotels Prez race: Panel of 9 non-NDA parties to decide on consensus Explosives, including detonators, seized in police raid Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business Kenya to convert $243 mln debt in Kenya Airways into equity Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Ex-judges of Delhi HC to get domestic help at court expense Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
June 8, 2017 Search for: Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ June 8, 2017 ] Video: Proton rocket returns to service with launch of EchoStar 21 Mission Reports [ June 7, 2017 ] Live coverage: Proton rocket blasts off for first time in a year Mission Reports [ June 6, 2017 ] U.S. Air Force taps SpaceX to launch next X-37B spaceplane mission Falcon 9 [ June 6, 2017 ] Photos: Falcon 9 rocket takes flight with station-bound cargo craft Falcon 9 [ June 5, 2017 ] Watch a replay of India’s most powerful launcher heading into orbit GSLV Twitter Facebook U.S. Air Force taps SpaceX to launch next X-37B spaceplane mission June 6, 2017 Stephen Clark File photo of an X-37B spaceplane being encapsulated inside the nose cone of a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket before its first test flight in April 2010. Credit. U.S. Air Force A month after an X-37B mini-space shuttle glided to a landing on Kennedy Space Center’s runway in Florida, the U.S. Air Force announced Tuesday that the spaceplane’s next mission will launch in August aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket for the first time. The previously-unannounced launch agreement will use a Falcon 9 rocket to loft one of the Air Force’s two Boeing-built X-37B spaceplanes, reusable craft that have circled Earth for a combined 2,085 days on four previous flights. Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson, displaying a model of the unpiloted spaceplane, disclosed the service’s launch plans for the fifth X-37B mission during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday. “This is the model of the X-37, which will be going up again,” Wilson said. “It’s a reusable vehicle and will be going up again on top of a SpaceX launcher in August.” Managed by the Air Force’s Rapid Capabilities Office, the X-37Bs are about one-quarter the size of a space shuttle orbiter. Built by Boeing’s Phantom Works division, each spaceship has a wingspan of nearly 15 feet (4.5 meters) and a length of more than 29 feet (8.9 meters). The X-37B weighs about 11,000 pounds (5 metric tons) and has typically orbited Earth at altitudes between 200 and 250 miles (320 to 400 kilometers). The X-37Bs, also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, take off nestled inside the payload fairing of a conventional rocket, then open payload bay doors and deploy a power-generating solar panel in orbit. The spaceplanes glide back to Earth for a runway landing. An X-37B spaceplane is towed to a hangar near the Vehicle Assembly Building at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida following a landing May 7. Credit: U.S. Air Force The craft’s four previous missions lifted off on United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rockets from Cape Canaveral, each mission spending progressively longer periods in orbit. The X-37Bs took off inside the short version of the Atlas 5 rocket’s 5-meter-class payload fairing without the aid of strap-on solid rocket boosters, a configuration ULA calls the Atlas 5-501. The Falcon 9’s standard payload shroud is approximately the same diameter and length of the Atlas 5’s short 5-meter fairing. The most recent flight, named OTV-4, ended May 7 with the X-37B’s first touchdown on the former space shuttle landing strip at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida after 718 days in orbit. The previous three missions landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, but the Air Force and Boeing have relocated X-37B launch, landing and processing operations to the Florida spaceport, taking over two former space shuttle hangars near the iconic Vehicle Assembly Building. The X-37B’s missions in space are largely secret, and the robotic spaceship’s landing last month was the first time the Air Force did not announce the craft’s scheduled return ahead of time. Breaking with disclosures ahead of earlier flights, the Air Force also did not reveal which of the two spaceplanes flew the OTV-4 mission. Military officials did not identify Tuesday which spacecraft is slated for the fifth X-37B flight. “We are very excited for the next fifth X-37B mission,” said Randy Walden, the director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. “We look forward to continued expansion of the vehicle’s performance and are excited to continue hosting experimental payloads for the space community.” File photo of a Falcon 9 launch from pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Credit: SpaceX The Air Force said in a statement Tuesday that the fifth X-37B flight will include several firsts. “This mission will be the program’s first launch on a SpaceX Falcon 9 Upgrade launch vehicle,” the Air Force said. “The program also continues to build upon its fourth mission collaboration with experiment partners.” The Air Force Research Laboratory will test experimental electronics and oscillating heat pipes on the X-37B’s fifth long-duration spaceflight, military officials said. Other objectives of the flight remain secret. “The ability to launch the Orbital Test Vehicle on multiple platforms will ensure a robust launch capability for our experiment designers,” Walden said in a statement. “We are excited about this new partnership on creating flexible and responsive launch options and are confident in SpaceX’s ability to provide safe and assured access to space for the X-37B program.” SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket was certified by the Air Force to launch the military’s sensitive and costly national security payloads in 2015. Since that milestone, the Air Force has awarded contracts to SpaceX for launches of two Global Positioning System navigation satellites, and at least a dozen more launch contracts are up for grabs by SpaceX and ULA through 2019. File photo of the launch of the fourth X-37B mission in May 2015 on a United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket. Credit: ULA Before SpaceX was certified, the Air Force gave launch contracts ULA in sole-source “block buy” awards. But the rocket contract for the fifth X-37B mission was not listed in a roster of planned competitive space launch procurements provided by Air Force officials in recent months. SpaceX has up to a half-dozen launches on its schedule before the X-37B mission in August, primarily deployments of commercial communications satellites. The company aims to resume flights from Cape Canaveral’s Complex 40 launch pad by September after crews repair damage to the facility from a Falcon 9 rocket explosion in September. Until then, all Falcon 9s launched from Florida will take off from pad 39A at Kennedy Space Center, the starting point for the Apollo moon missions and most space shuttle flights. Officials have not specified which Florida launch pad will host the Falcon 9’s liftoff with the fifth X-37B flight, and SpaceX said last week that they have not determined which mission will be the next to depart from pad 40. Wilson, who has been the top civilian in the Air Force for three weeks, told lawmakers Tuesday the hotly-competitive U.S. launch market is driving launch prices down, giving the military two certified contractors to ensure a backup provider is available if one launch vehicle runs into trouble. The Pentagon instituted the “assured access to space” policy after a string of launch failures in the 1990s, and ULA’s Atlas and Delta rocket fleets offered the military launch redundancy until SpaceX’s Falcon 9 arrived on the market. “We had a huge problem in the 1990s with access to space, and the country, at that time, made a significant investment in space capability, and the ability to launch, and it paid off and is showing results,” Wilson said. “The benefit now is that we’re seeing competition, and it’s bringing the price down for access to space.” Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Boeing Boeing Phantom Works Falcon 9 Heather Wilson Kennedy Space Center Orbital Test Vehicle OTV-5 Reusability SpaceX US Air Force X-37B Related Articles Ariane 5 Launches from Kourou temporarily suspended by social unrest March 23, 2017 Falcon 9 Falcon 9 succeeds in middle-of-the-night launch and landing May 6, 2016 Falcon 9 Video: SpaceX rocket booster crash lands on barge April 15, 2015 News Headlines Video: Proton rocket returns to service with launch of EchoStar 21 June 8, 2017 Live coverage: Proton rocket blasts off for first time in a year June 7, 2017 U.S. Air Force taps SpaceX to launch next X-37B spaceplane mission June 6, 2017 Photos: Falcon 9 rocket takes flight with station-bound cargo craft June 6, 2017 Watch a replay of India’s most powerful launcher heading into orbit June 5, 2017 Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsIndia Jun 07, 2017 09:57 PM IST | Source: PTI After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent.It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. tags #Air India #Business #India Related news India Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Jun 08, 2017 07:02 PM Politics Regional air connectivity: TN signs MoU with Centre Jun 08, 2017 07:02 PM World We are constantly monitoring situation in Qatar: Sushma Swaraj Jun 08, 2017 07:00 PM Business Nykaa clocks Rs 214 crore revenue in 2016-17 Jun 08, 2017 06:58 PM Business Motorola to invest in retail ramp-up, premium devices Jun 08, 2017 06:55 PM Business Hero MotoCorp phases out select models, variants to realign product portfolio Jun 08, 2017 06:54 PM Business Sebi directs URO Group firms to refund investors' money Jun 08, 2017 06:53 PM Business India, along with 67 nations sign pact to check tax evasion by MNCs Jun 08, 2017 06:48 PM Business Amazon likely to get soon official nod for FDI in food retail Jun 08, 2017 06:47 PM Cricket Match 8 | 08 Jun, 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 5/0 (2.1 ov) Play in Progress IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) live News Most Popular Top News This auto spare company is shifting gears towards growth. Is it a good buy? PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year Why this footwear retailer holds good prospects for investors In the season of IT layoffs, Rs 10,000 can get you a letter of experience PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year This small footwear retailer’s profit margins beat Bata & Relaxo’s. Is it a good buy? Infosys' comments, concerns on pricing spook IT stocks for second day ICC Champions Trophy LIVE: India set SL target of 322 after Dhawan ton, 50s from Rohit and Dhoni see more Video of the day Q4 earnings a tad better, see slight impact on consumption due to GST: Birla Sun Life MF X ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 5/0 (2.1 ov) IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) Play in Progress Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. PTI
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Profit Whether Boeing Moves Up or Down The aerospace giant, up 20% this year, faces a key event that could move shares sharply. By Steven M. Sears Biography June 7, 2017 12:27 p.m. ET Boeing is proof that one of the best things that can happen to a stock is getting caught in a battle between bulls and bears. The disagreement tends to create the proverbial wall of worry that forms a bull market. Shares of Boeing (ticker:... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Millennials Are Saving In Their Own Way 2 Barron's Bounce: Chips, Tires and Wonder Woman 3 Hollywood Gets More Juvenile Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boeing Co (BA) Stake Lowered by First Western Capital Management Co $7.47 Billion in Sales Expected for Chubb Ltd (CB) This Quarter Strs Ohio Has $376,000 Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Belmond Ltd (BEL) Position Decreased by Profund Advisors LLC BB&T Co. (BBT) Stake Raised by Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. Baxter International Inc (BAX) Stake Decreased by NEXT Financial Group Inc McKinley Carter Wealth Services Inc. Boosts Stake in C R Bard Inc (BCR) BCE Inc. (BCE) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc Cibc World Markets Corp Purchases 12,195 Shares of Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Shares Sold by Tredje AP fonden Banco Santander S.A. Raises Stake in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) Capital Growth Management LP Takes Position in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Brunswick (BC) Share Price Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Shows Dynagas LNG Partners (DLNG) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.19 Cass Information Systems (CASS) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.20 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect I.D. Systems (IDSY) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect BroadVision (BVSN) Stock Price Mirati Therapeutics (MRTX) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Price Target Increased to C$5.75 by Analysts at CIBC Boeing Co (BA) Stake Lowered by First Western Capital Management Co June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Western Capital Management Co lowered its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 23.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5,033 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 1,542 shares during the period. First Western Capital Management Co’s holdings in Boeing were worth $890,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares in the last quarter. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new position in Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $109,000. Finally, Gemmer Asset Management LLC increased its position in Boeing by 50.6% in the first quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 899 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 302 shares in the last quarter. 74.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Boeing Co (BA) traded up 0.46% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $187.60. The stock had a trading volume of 515,335 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $183.65 and its 200 day moving average is $170.91. The firm has a market cap of $113.23 billion, a PE ratio of 23.11 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $191.70. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. Boeing’s revenue was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.74 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th were given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.04%. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Co (BA) Stake Lowered by First Western Capital Management Co” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/boeing-co-ba-stake-lowered-by-first-western-capital-management-co.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Vetr raised shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $183.96 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Gabelli reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Berenberg Bank started coverage on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. They set a “buy” rating and a $202.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Boeing presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $167.52. In related news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total transaction of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total value of $2,840,601.40. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 in the last 90 days. 0.58% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters SpaceX to Launch Secretive Robotic Spaceplane for U.S. Air Force By Robin Seemangal • 06/07/17 11:24am   An artist’s rendering of NASA’s latest launch vehicle NASA SpaceX will launch its first clandestine mission for the U.S. Air Force in August. The Elon Musk-founded private spaceflight company will deliver the unmanned X-37B spaceplane to orbit atop their Falcon 9 rocket. The announcement came from Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson during her testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday. “SpaceX will be sending the next Air Force payload up into space in August,” said Wilson according to Reuters. “The X-37B will be going up again on top of a SpaceX launcher.” The X-37B is manufactured by Boeing’s Phantom Works Division and was first conceptualized in 1999 by NASA. Originally, the X-37 project was conceived as part of an agency program to build two fixed-wing spacecraft that would test approach and landing procedures and conduct orbital flights. Five years later, the project was transferred from NASA to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) where it became classified. Original concept of NASA’s X-37 NASA Almost nothing is known about the actual purpose of the X-37B. What we do know is that it could provide further example of the value of reusable spaceflight vehicles that can be launched vertically then land on a runway. Payloads are never revealed. We do know that the cargo area has no more room than the bed of a pickup truck. The X-37B is about 30 feet in length, 10 feet in height, and has a wingspan of 15 feet. It weighs about 11,000 pounds. An official document from the Air Force states: “Technologies being tested in the program include advanced guidance, navigation and control, thermal protection systems, avionics, high temperature structures and seals, conformal reusable insulation, lightweight electromechanical flight systems, advanced propulsion systems, advanced materials and autonomous orbital flight, reentry and landing.” Today, there are two X-37B miniature space planes and they are operated by the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office. The two spacecraft have flown a total of four long-duration classified missions to space. Every X-37B launch so far has been carried out by United Launch Alliance (ULA) aboard their workhorse Atlas V rocket. ULA is a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing. SpaceX, who fought hard to fairly bid for these lucrative military contracts, is their primary competitor. SpaceX recently launched a clandestine payload for the National Reconnaissance Office–a spy satellite agency that previously did business exclusively with ULA. Since the first launch of the X-37B in April of 2010, the Air Force has flown the robotic spacecraft for increasingly longer flights. The first mission saw the plane stay in orbit for 224 days. The second mission that lifted off in March of 2011 doubled that time, landing 468 days after launch. The third mission lasted 674 days. The X-37B after a touchdown at Vandenberg Air Force Base Boeing On May 07, 2017, the X-37B made its first touchdown at the Space Shuttle Landing Facility in Florida after its fourth mission and broke its own long-duration spaceflight record with 718 days in orbit. SpaceX will likely launch the spacecraft from its pad at Launch CompleX 39A at Kennedy Space Center in August. All previous launches of the X-37B have been from nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at ULA’s Pad 41. Boeing has repurposed an old Space Shuttle hangar at Kennedy Space Center to house and service their classified spaceplane. “The X-37B is the first vehicle since NASA’s Shuttle Orbiter with the ability to return experiments to Earth for further inspection and analysis,” said the Air Force. “But with an on-orbit time of 270 days or greater, the X-37B can stay in space for much longer.” SEE ALSO: Here Are Eight Incredible Feats SpaceX Will Attempt in the Pursuit of Mars Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Aerospace Who pays the best dividends today, and who has the ability to pay more tomorrow? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Jun 7, 2017 at 10:11AM With $4.52 in dividends paid over the past 12 months, a single SPDR S&P Depositary Receipt (NYSEMKT:SPY) currently yields 1.9%. That's probably more money than your bank will pay you on your savings account -- but it's still not a lot of money. So can you do better? Historically, Aerospace & Defense has been a great place for investors seeking consistent, above-average dividend payments. Lately, however, it's become harder to find above-market dividends even in aerospace. This is not necessarily a bad thing. After all, dividend yields are calculated by dividing a company's dividend payment by its stock price. Thus, when dividend yields fall, it's often the case that this is because stock prices have risen -- and this has been the case in aerospace. The sky's the limit for some of these aerospace dividends. Image source: Getty Images. Still, it does pose a problem for investors who want to own a piece of the booming aerospace industry, but who also want to be paid for their investments in the form of steady dividend income. To help you with that, I've scanned the industry and culled the below-average dividend payers, emerging with a handful of top aerospace stock ideas that just happen to pay above-average dividends as well. Here are my top five prospects, listed in order of dividend attractiveness. Company Ticker Dividend Yield Payout Ratio 5-Year Growth Rate (Projected) P/E General Electric GE 3.5% 88% 12.3% 28.0 BAE Systems BAESY 3.2% 73% 7.9% 23.4 Boeing BA 3% 58% 18.1% 23.0 Lockheed Martin LMT 2.6% 56% 5.8% 16.4 United Technologies UTX 2.2% 41% 6.6% 19.0 Data sources: S&P Global Market Intelligence, Yahoo! Finance. General Electric With every passing quarter, it seems General Electric (NYSE:GE) is pulling farther away from its historical roots, and focusing more on remaking its business as a provider of heavy equipment to the power and fuel extraction industries. But despite all the changes, one thing remains constant: GE is still an important provider of airplane engines to the aerospace industry. Last year, GE's Aviation division generated sales of $26.3 billion, making it GE's second biggest business after Power. And with pre-tax profits of $6.1 billion, Aviation is already easily GE's most profitable business -- and likely to become more so. Over the past five years, GE has grown Aviation sales 39%, and Aviation profits nearly twice as much -- up 74%. GE Aviation's strength is one reason General Electric boasts the second strongest earnings growth rate of any company on this list. And so long as things continuing going well in the booming aerospace industry, GE's sector-leading dividend yield of 3.5% should remain secure. BAE Systems U.S. investors may be less familiar with my second aerospace dividend stock, London-listed BAE Systems (NASDAQOTH:BAESY) -- but they might want to get acquainted with it. One of the UK's biggest military contractors, BAE Systems builds Typhoon fighter jets and British warships, armored personnel carriers and military electronics. (Its breadth of products and services makes it look a little bit like a British version of Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT).) BAE also pays a big dividend, albeit not quite as big as GE's -- 3.2%. With a payout ratio of only 73%, though, BAE also has more room to grow its dividend checks if it so chooses. Top it all off it has a lower valuation on a price to earnings (P/E) ratio basis than GE's. BAE may be worth a look for investors seeking a bit of international flavor in their dividend portfolios. Boeing Next up: Boeing (NYSE:BA). The biggest name in commercial aircraft and the fastest at growing profits -- based on estimates -- on this list, Boeing's a name that will be familiar to any investor in the aerospace sector. One-half of a global airplane-building duopoly (with Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY), whose 1.8% dividend yield is too tiny to make this list), Boeing sells $95.6 billion worth of airplanes and other products and services in a year -- 27% more than Airbus. What's more, with trailing net profits of $5.1 billion, Boeing is much more profitable than Airbus -- more than one full order of magnitude greater. Boeing's business spans the full range of aircraft, from civilian airliners to commercial freighters to military fighter jets and auxiliary aircraft, bringing it into direct competition with ... Lockheed Martin Easily America's biggest pure-play defense company, Lockheed Martin does $48 billion worth of business annually. Its most famous product today is the F-35 Lightning II stealth fighter jet, a plane destined to become the most ubiquitous fifth-generation fighter on the planet -- much like Lockheed's F-16 is currently the most popular fourth-generation fighter in the world. So what does the F-35 mean for Lockheed Martin as a stock, and as a source of steady dividend income? The U.S. Air Force expects to still be flying F-35s well into the 2070s -- more than 50 years from now -- and analysts believe this single program could come to be responsible for generating as much as 50% of Lockheed Martin's annual sales. Assuming that's how things play out, Lockheed's dividend should be safe for decades to come. United Technologies Last but not least, we come to United Technologies -- incidentally, the manufacturer of the F135 jet engine that powers Lockheed Martin's F-35, and a beneficiary of multiple billion dollar contracts for that engine's production. A diversified industrial supplier, United Technologies derives $14.9 billion a year in revenues from its Pratt & Whitney engines business, and a further $14.5 billion from its complementary Aerospace Systems division. Respectively United Tech's second and third largest divisions, these two businesses account for well over 50% of the company's business. That said, United Technologies' two aerospace divisions only produce about 44% of the company's profits. They're part of the reason (one imagines) that United Tech is only able to ante up 2.2% in annual dividend payments -- and part of the reason that with growth estimates of less than 7%, United Tech is the slowest grower on this list. Which of these stocks should a dividend-hungry investor buy? That's a choice to be made based as much on what these companies are paying today, as on what they might pay tomorrow. (In which regard, lower payout ratios leave more room for expanding dividends -- but faster growth rates may be even more important, by foreshadowing more profits becoming available for paying out as dividends in the future). Opinions may differ here. But personally, I think Boeing stock offers the best combination of a good current dividend yield, moderate room for improvement in the payout ratio, and strong earnings growth to support richer dividends in the future. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info Jun 7, 2017 at 10:11AM Industrials Stocks S&P Depository Receipts NYSEMKT:SPY $243.95 up $0.29 (0.12%) General Electric NYSE:GE $27.82 up $0.14 (0.49%) Boeing NYSE:BA $188.41 up $0.31 (0.16%) Lockheed Martin NYSE:LMT $277.72 up $0.34 (0.12%) BAE Systems NASDAQOTH:BAESY $34.59 down $0.59 (-1.68%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $20.48 down $0.24 (-1.16%) Read More Boeing Sues Canada. Is It Making a Huge Mistake? Boeing Wins Contract to Build DARPA XS-1 Experimental Space Plane Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Aerospace @themotleyfool #stocks $SPY, $GE, $BA, $LMT, $BAESY, $EADSY
About US Contact US Thursday June 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Cyber Security Defence Intelligence Police Security Economics Environment Global Regions Africa Americas Canada Latin America United States of America Asia Pacific Asia Pacific Australia China India Japan New Zealand Europe Baltics Eurozone Ireland Russia Scandinavia United Kingdom VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 8, 2017  /  Comments Off on VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress       Print       Email MIL OSI Eurozone and Baltics – MIL OSI – Source: VTB Group – Press Release/Statement Headline: VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress 7 June 2017 Acting as Lender and ECA Facility Agent, VTB Bank (Austria) AG (“VTBA”) has provided EUR-denominated financing to the Turkish airline company Güneş Ekspress Havacılık A.Ş. (“SunExpress”) for 10 years. This financing was used to purchase three new Boeing aircrafts. The credit was  guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group). The three planes were delivered to SunExpress on the 27th April, the 9th May and the 22nd May, 2017 respectively. This is the first deal supported by SACE within the recently announced agreement with Boeing. It represents a new financing tool for Boeing aircraft. This agreement expands boundaries for all parties involved.  SunExpress, based in Antalya and Frankfurt, is a joint venture of Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines. The airline carried over eight million passengers in 2015 and achieved a revenues of more than EUR 1bn. Its network covers 115 destinations in Europe and Turkey, as well as routes in Northern Africa and in the Middle East. Its fleet of 70 aircraft includes the Boeing 737-800. © Multimedia Investments Ltd Terms of Use/Disclaimer.     Print       Email Published: 14 hours ago on June 8, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 8, 2017 @ 1:43 am Filed Under: Baltics, Banking, Banking and Finance, Business, Companies, Economics, Economy, English, Europe, European Union, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Raw News, Russia, VTB Group NEXT ARTICLE → Working visit to Kazakhstan ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Results of auction for placement of the Russian Federation government bonds, issue # 26221RMFS on June 7, 2017 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
About NewsKitchen Terms of Use Contact NewsKitchen Login Thursday June 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Polish Language Russian Language Loading...You are here:  Home  >  Banking  >  Current Article VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress By NewsKitchen Publisher  /   June 7, 2017  /   Comments Off on VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress MIL OSI – Source: VTB Group – Press Release/Statement Headline: VTB Group grants landmark Boeing financing guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group) to Turkish Airline company SunExpress 7 June 2017 Acting as Lender and ECA Facility Agent, VTB Bank (Austria) AG (“VTBA”) has provided EUR-denominated financing to the Turkish airline company Güneş Ekspress Havacılık A.Ş. (“SunExpress”) for 10 years. This financing was used to purchase three new Boeing aircrafts. The credit was  guaranteed by SACE (CDP Group). The three planes were delivered to SunExpress on the 27th April, the 9th May and the 22nd May, 2017 respectively. This is the first deal supported by SACE within the recently announced agreement with Boeing. It represents a new financing tool for Boeing aircraft. This agreement expands boundaries for all parties involved.  SunExpress, based in Antalya and Frankfurt, is a joint venture of Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines. The airline carried over eight million passengers in 2015 and achieved a revenues of more than EUR 1bn. Its network covers 115 destinations in Europe and Turkey, as well as routes in Northern Africa and in the Middle East. Its fleet of 70 aircraft includes the Boeing 737-800. © Multimedia Investments Ltd Terms of Use/Disclaimer.     Print       Email Published: 1 day ago on June 7, 2017 By: NewsKitchen Publisher Last Modified: June 7, 2017 @ 2:45 pm Filed Under: Banking, Business, Companies, Economy, English, Raw News, Russia, VTB Group NEXT ARTICLE → Working visit to Kazakhstan ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Галина Жукова: «Победы преподавателей в профессиональных конкурсах дают студентам стимул к развитию» About the author NewsKitchen Publisher Publisher View all articles by NewsKitchen Publisher » Recent Posts Gundars Daudze: Latvija un Baltkrievija ir atvērtas ciešākam politiskajam un ekonomiskajam dialogam Die neuen BMW und MINI 2+1 Gewährleistungen. 12 Monate zusätzlich zu 24 Monaten gesetzlicher Gewährleistung. ЦЕНТР ИМ.М.В. ХРУНИЧЕВА. РН «ПРОТОН-М» УСПЕШНО ВЫВЕЛА НА ОРБИТУ СПУТНИК СВЯЗИ «ЭКОСТАР-21» В Вологодской области после вмешательства прокуратуры предприятие-банкрот погасило задолженность по заработной плате Swiss humanitarian and technical assistance aims at strengthening the Ukrainian State, maintaining steady progress in democratization and reforming the country, says Didier Burkhalter About NewsKitchen Terms of Use Sitemap © 2017 NewsKitchen.eu. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd (NZ) You might also like... Gundars Daudze: Latvija un Baltkrievija ir atvērtas ciešākam politiskajam un ekonomiskajam dialogam Read More →
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE Lowest international bid for 200MW Dubai solar power plant Egypt imposes tariffs on Chinese, Turkish, and Ukrainian steel Green initiative: Solar panels to power four malls in UAE Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties Kremlin spurns speculation of Rosneft stake buyback from Qatar Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Exchange shut down by UAE Central Bank begins giving back money Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market China Construction Bank lists bond on Nasdaq Dubai ADIB, Thomson Reuters present fifth Ethical Finance Innovation Awards Dubai Islamic Bank gives Zakat money to Ras al-Khaimah charity Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Facebook launches features to connect U.S. users to elected officials Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top 1million units Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Trump offers to help resolve Gulf crisis Syria peace talks in Astana postponed Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Pro-Assad alliance threatens to hit U.S. positions in Syria Syrian refugees in Lebanon & Jordan could lose assistance, warns UN Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month Morocco parliament passes delayed 2017 budget Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Dubai index sees turnaround in trend on blue chip buying Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Oil rises off one-month lows struck after surprise stock build Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Egypt's new steel tariffs in effect as of June 6 -trade ministry Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Municipality meets with real estate developers in Dubai Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub UAE postal group suspends services to Qatar Controversy: UAE telecom regulator questioned on ‘bad habits’ cinema promo Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities: report Passengers stranded at Saudi airports Saudi rights activist who fought driving ban arrested again Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins What does a CEO look like? DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Interactive instrument uses music for child therapy and learning Chronic pain tied to faster memory decline in old age Abu Dhabi approves fee hikes for 24 private schools Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins Video games deliver hope to Syrian refugees Rockefeller art collection to be auctioned benefiting charities TV remains a favoured shopping medium in Gulf Archaeologists discover Aztec ball court in heart of Mexico City Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great outdoors Madinah 'Tourist Bus' runs pilot trip Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Take a vacation? Not me, says action star Tom Cruise Tight security in Paris as Ariana Grande resumes Europe tour DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Amal Clooney, Beyonce's twins turn motherhood into summer blockbuster Pakistan back in the race as rain helps their cause Formula One statistics for the Canadian Grand Prix Workers bowled over by cricket nights AFC monitoring Qatar crisis, hoping to minimize impact on matches Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement aviation   Lion Air may launch Boeing 737 MAX 10 2 days ago The Indonesian budget carrier may be an inaugural customer for the new Boeing jet according to sources. Fred Katayama reports. Video Transcript Boeing may have found its inaugural customer for its new version of the 737 jet, the MAX 10. Sources say Lion Air may be that first buyer. The Indonesian budget airline's president director confirmed the carrier will be a launch customer but wouldn't say how many planes it has ordered. Boeing would not comment. The MAX 10 seats up to 230 people. It is the fifth variant of the MAX lineup, and the MAX is the fourth generation of an aircraft that debuted 50 years ago. But Boeing's archrival, Airbus, has had a one-year head start with ts competing A320neo jet. Boeing is looking for a marquee customer to launch the jet. Sources also say United Airlines has been closely studying it. Its CEO Oscar Munoz would not comment. Teal Group aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia said, "There are few undecided customers on the fence. How do you score strategic wins other than getting into the enemy's order book?" Sources say Boeing plans to launch the plane at the Paris Airshow in June. more from asia   Multimedia gallery Ramadan: Tasty treats during holy month gallery Poll day: Heated contest in UK election AUDIO What does the UK general election mean for the UAE? AUDIO Emaar discusses its decision to float up to 30% of its property development business AUDIO Solar technology to power Dubai homes at night gallery Inside abandoned IS prison Advertisement Most Popular Videos Telecoms see Esports as potential goldmine 06-Jun-2017 - Reuters Videos Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute 2 days ago - Reuters Videos Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier 20 hours ago - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Thursday 8 June 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history. Boeing to showcase new jets at Paris Air Show CHICAGO, 1 days ago Boeing has announced that a 737 MAX 9 flight test airplane will participate in the flying display at the Paris Air Show, which runs June 19-25 at Paris-Le Bourget Airport. The 737 MAX 9 completed its first flight in April, while Boeing and Malindo Air celebrated the first delivery of the 737 MAX 8 last month. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders to date from 87 customers worldwide. Boeing also will bring to the show a 787-10 Dreamliner flight test airplane. The 787-10 is the newest and largest model of the 787 family with unmatched economics. The 787-10 completed its first flight in March and is scheduled to enter commercial service in 2018. Additionally, Boeing customers and partners will bring several aircraft to Le Bourget. Qatar Airways plans to present a 777-300ER, showcasing its newly designed business class interior. The US Department of Defence is scheduled to display several Boeing platforms: the P-8A anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare aircraft, the V-22 multirole tilt-rotor aircraft, the AH-64 Apache attack helicopter, and the CH-47 Chinook heavy-lift helicopter. Senior Boeing leaders at the show will include Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg, and the heads of the company's three business units, Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO Kevin McAllister, Boeing Defense, Space & Security President and CEO Leanne Caret, and Boeing Global Services President and CEO Stan Deal. "We are excited to share our innovative commercial and defence platforms, and services capabilities with customers and other key stakeholders from around the world", said Marc Allen, president, Boeing International. Boeing will hold a series of briefings for the news media during the show. Accredited members of the media should check the daily briefing and announcement schedule at the Media Centre and the Boeing media chalet, located in the chalet rows at A332 for updates. – TradeArabia News Service       Tags: Boeing | paris air show | 737 MAX 9 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Coffee Planet to open 70 outlets in Saudi Arabia Quintiq solution selected for Dubai airports Astana ready for Expo 2017 Etihad Cargo, Royal Air Maroc to increase cooperation Somewhere Hotels unveils revamped website Major US travel trade show attracts 6,400 attendees Dubai medical tourism revenues reach $386m Oman Air boosts flights to Qatar US mulls expansion of electronics ban to 71 airports Dubai airport scheme turns smartphone into passport World’s largest Radisson hotels to open in Makkah RJ wins prestigious awards for social media campaign Cebu Pacific orders more A321s World demand for medium-haul jets to reach 15,000 Middle East theme parks market set for solid growth ‘Kids Stay Free’ this summer at First Central Hotel Suites Saudia receives Iata's Level 3 certification Qatar nationals, expats banned from UAE airports Singapore Airlines CEO Phong named Iata chief Gulf Air commences annual iftar meal box distribution Dubai leads hospitality sector growth Armenia is becoming a popular GCC travel destination Jazeera Airways offers passengers traditional iftar delights Passengers flood Qatar Airways offices for refunds Travel Tech Show at WTM to highlight payment solutions Iran airspace traffic rises as Qatari flights transfer Duqm airport terminal set for January launch Crowne Plaza Jordan Dead Sea unveils new Italian restaurant HMH hotels in UAE post impresseive year-to-date revenue growth The Ascott launches new Arabic website Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Thursday 8 June 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Health & Environment   » Story Boeing-Embraer tie-up ‘cutting waste, emissions’ CHICAGO, 2 days ago Boeing is building and delivering new jetliners that will reduce fuel use and emissions by up to 25 per cent and cut solid waste sent to landfills by almost 20 per cent through a first-ever collaboration with Brazil-based Embraer. These and other improvements to Boeing’s environmental performance are highlighted in the company’s 2017 Environment Report, released today. “Our unwavering commitment to innovation and environmental performance is reflected across our products, services and operations,” said Ursula English, vice president of Environment, Health & Safety. “Today, on World Environment Day, we acknowledge the progress we’re making, and we look forward to raising the bar as we work toward a sustainable future.” The 2017 Environment Report highlights include: •    Boeing operations reduced green-house gas emissions, solid waste to landfill, water intake and hazardous waste generation by between 5 and 19 per cent in 2016. Five production facilities sent zero waste to landfills. •    The ecoDemonstrator program’s 2016 testbed was an Embraer E170 regional jet, and marked the first such collaboration with another airplane manufacturer. Overall, the program has tested 60 new technologies that show promise in reducing fuel use, emissions and noise. •    The new 737 MAX, which entered service in May, is 20 per cent more fuel efficient than the original Next-Generation 737 and has a 40 per cent smaller noise footprint than today’s single-aisle aircraft. •    The new 787-10, which began flight testing earlier this year, will be approximately 25 per cent more fuel efficient than the airplanes it replaces. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | fuel efficiency | Embraer | emissions | environment day | More Health & Environment Stories Turkish Hospital ties up with QLM for healthcare services New app calculates body hydration Top tips for renewing health insurance in UAE UAE ministry, Jafza to develop pharma sector Shared appointments ‘can benefit doctors, patients’ Cerner announces key Mideast appointments UAE pulls out stroke drug with wrong packing Cigna sets up Mena office in Dubai RTA wins big at Gulf Sustainability and CSR Awards Bahrain dialysis centre work ‘progressing well’ AkzoNobel backs Ocean Cleanup's landmark effort Dubai Investments ‘Sustainability Champions’ join training session Roche to help UAE strengthen strategic drug stockpile Merck backs World MS Day with awareness events Dubai resident receives region’s first 3D-printed prosthetic leg Successful kidney transplant at Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi Grohe names new Middle East, Africa president Global accord reached on key health issues Cerner launches programme to develop local talent Qatar hopes to match global best practice in healthcare Suqia, Dewa partner for water desal project Honeywell joins top firms in delivering preferable refrigerants Prime Hospital wins top Bariatric Surgery certification G7 leaders fail to reach climate change accord Bee'ah, Masdar launch JV for waste-to-energy plant Utico bags global desalination award Pegasus ‘adhering to German food standards’ Neopharma invests $237m towards diabetes management in GCC TDIC releases rehabilitated turtles at Saadiyat Beach Dubai Hospital set for $79m expansion Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Aircraft Boeing 737 MAX 9 test aircraft to take to the skies over Paris David Szondy June 6, 2017 The 737 MAX 9 made its maiden flight in April and is now on its way to Paris (Credit: Boeing) The Boeing 737 MAX 9 only took to the skies for the first time in April, weeks after its public unveiling in Renton, Washington, and now the stretched version of the MAX 8 passenger plane is off to the Paris Air Show. Joining a 787-10 Dreamliner, the MAX 9 flight test aircraft will take part in an air display as Boeing attempts to woo potential customers. According to Boeing, the 737 MAX is the company's fastest selling airplane ever, with over 3,700 orders on the books from 87 customers worldwide. The MAX 9 is currently the largest member of the 737 MAX family yet, capable of carrying 220 passengers with an improved range of 3,605 nmi (4,149 mi; 6,676 km) by 2021. NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW Powered by two LEAP-1B engines, Being claims the US$116.6 million narrow-body aircraft is 10 to 12 percent more efficient than liners using the previous CFM56-7B engine and has a 40 percent smaller noise footprint. Deliveries of the 737 MAX 9 are expected to begin next year. Meanwhile, the smaller MAX 7 and the higher-capacity MAX 200 are expected to debut in 2019. The Paris Air Show runs from June 19 to 25 at the Paris-Le Bourget Airport. Source: Boeing The 737 MAX 9 made its maiden flight in April and is now on its way to Paris (Credit: Boeing) Tags #Aircraft #Boeing #Paris Air Show 2017 Share this article Show 2 comments   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Rolls-Royce-powered Aeroboat S6 brings speed and luxury Apple's ARKit pointing towards something much bigger than iPhone or iPad AR Streamlined pickup camper features lightweight composite design Review: Panasonic's DC-FZ80 superzoom is more than a one-trick pony Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Aircraft Boeing 737 MAX 9 test aircraft to take to the skies over Paris The Workhorse Surefly could become a two-seat sportscar of the skies Pagani highlights the open sky in Airbus business jet cabin Stratolaunch, the world's largest plane, emerges from its hangar for the first time MQ-9B SkyGuardian sets new Predator endurance record DARPA robot lands (simulated) Boeing 737 Toyota-funded flying car may light a fire before the 2020 Olympics Airlander 10: World's largest aircraft gets back in the air Robotic falcon will chase birds at Canadian airport Facility to test SABRE air-breathing engine under construction Secret US spaceplane returns to Earth after record flight SolarStratos plane flies for the first time – but not quite to the stratosphere Editors Choice In photos: Big rigs, 4x4 retromods and other earth-eaters of Overland Expo 2017 Compare the latest tech gear Masterclass: 25 legendary cars that prove beauty is more than skin deep 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle From a hobbit house to a secret bunker: The best sheds of 2017 The revolutionary redox system that produces and stores energy in the home Stratolaunch, the world's largest plane, emerges from its hangar for the first time In photos: The best of the best at Concorso d'Elegenza Villa d'Este Ancient mummy DNA reveals surprises about genetic origins of Egyptians Megabots' giant American fighting robot beats up a Toyota Prius Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets Jun 07, 2017 07:49 AM IST | Source: CNBC Stocks close lower as Wall Street braces for key events later this week The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 45 points, with Boeing contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 closed 0.28 percent lower, with consumer discretionary leading decliners. The Nasdaq composite lagged, slipping 0.33 percent. US equities closed lower on Tuesday as Wall Street hedged bets ahead of key events slated for later this week. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 45 points, with Boeing contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 closed 0.28 percent lower, with consumer discretionary leading decliners. The Nasdaq composite lagged, slipping 0.33 percent. The three indexes briefly a small bid in afternoon trade after ABC News reported, citing a source, that former FBI director James Comey will stop short of saying President Donald Trump obstructed justice in the bureau's investigation of ex-national security advisor Michael Flynn's Russian ties, but failed to follow through. "The market took a small sigh of relief, but there's still some caution because we don't know what's going to happen when Comey testifies," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. Comey is slated to testify Thursday in front of the Senate intelligence committee, marking his first public comment since being fired by Trump. "The Comey testimony may give us something to talk about. I think it could be a he-said-he-said situation which could put off what can be done in Washington," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. Investors have remained vigilant about any new developments on the situation. Nevertheless, the major large-cap indexes have made on making new highs recently as pullbacks present new buying opportunities. "It's hard to figure out what exactly would put a dent on this market," said Key Private Bank's McCain. "Things haven't been going too well but sentiment data has been strong." "It's as if the Energizer Bunny has taken over and we're just going higher and higher," he said. Bond prices, meanwhile, caught a bid as the benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since the days following the U.S. presidential election. Gold prices also hit their highest level in seven weeks. "Those two markets are maybe signaling concern" among investors, said Jeff Zipper, managing director of investments at the Private Client Reserve of U.S. Bank. "The [stock] market has been flatlining in the past few days as it waits for some clarity." In economic news, job openings hit a record high in April, according to the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), which showed a total of 6.0 million openings. Craig Bishop, vice president of U.S. fixed income at RBC Wealth Management, said that, while the U.S. economy keeps perking along, inflation is still trailing the Federal Reserve's desired levels. "I think there's some concern in the market that the Fed may be done raising rates after June," he said. "We all know the Fed is data dependent. Right now, there's a good chance the Fed holds after the June meeting. The U.S. central bank is set to meet next week, when it's widely expected to raise rates. Overseas, investors prepared for a general election in the United Kingdom set for Thursday. While a vast majority of observers still expect May to emerge victorious on Thursday, a Survation poll published last weekend placed the prime minister's ruling right-wing Conservative Party ahead by just a single percentage point. On Tuesday, the pan-European Stoxx 600 dropped 0.67 percent, while the British pound slipped 0.1 percent to $1.289. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 47.81 points, or 0.23 percent, to close at 21,136.23, with Wal-Mart leading decliners and Exxon Mobil outperforming. The S&P 500 slipped 6.77 points, or 0.28 percent, to end at 2,429.33, with consumer discretionary leading nine sectors lower and energy and materials the only advancers. The Nasdaq declined 20.63 points, or 0.33 percent, to close at 6,275.06. Decliners were a step ahead of advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 833.44 million and a composite volume of 3.343 billion at the close.The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.5. tags #International Markets #Wall Street Related news Business Stocks close lower as Wall Street braces for key events later this week Jun 07, 2017 07:40 AM Business Wall Street edges lower as Apple drags Jun 06, 2017 07:30 AM Business Tech leads Wall Street higher; jobs data falls short Jun 03, 2017 08:49 AM Business Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Jun 02, 2017 07:15 AM Business Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Jun 01, 2017 01:55 AM Business Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground May 31, 2017 07:30 AM Business Asia opens mostly flat after latest North Korea missile test; China, US, UK markets shut for holidays May 29, 2017 07:28 AM Business Nasdaq, S&P eke out record close as stocks finish week with strong gains May 27, 2017 09:26 AM Business Wall Street gains on upbeat retail results May 26, 2017 07:18 AM Cricket Match 8 | 08 Jun, 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 4/0 (2.0 ov) Play in Progress IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) live News Most Popular Top News This auto spare company is shifting gears towards growth. Is it a good buy? PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year Why this footwear retailer holds good prospects for investors In the season of IT layoffs, Rs 10,000 can get you a letter of experience PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year This small footwear retailer’s profit margins beat Bata & Relaxo’s. Is it a good buy? Infosys' comments, concerns on pricing spook IT stocks for second day ICC Champions Trophy LIVE: India set SL target of 322 after Dhawan ton, 50s from Rohit and Dhoni see more Video of the day Q4 earnings a tad better, see slight impact on consumption due to GST: Birla Sun Life MF X ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 4/0 (2.0 ov) IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) Play in Progress Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Faizan Javed
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Airbus braces for life-after-Leahy as sales chief nears exit Originally published June 6, 2017 at 5:07 pm Updated June 6, 2017 at 6:05 pm Airbus Chief Operating Officer for Customers John Leahy stands with a model of an Airbus A350 XWB. He plans to retire by the end of the year. (Kamran Jebreili/AP) Airbus sales supremo John Leahy — who has outlasted more than a half-dozen counterparts at U.S. rival Boeing since being appointed as Airbus’s chief commercial officer in 1994 — plans to retire before the end of this year, though he gave no specific departure date. Share story By Christopher Jasper and Benjamin Katz Bloomberg News Airbus faces the end of an era as sales supremo John Leahy prepares to leave after racking up more than $1 trillion of aircraft deals during his career at the European planemaker. Leahy, 66, said at a briefing in Mexico that he’ll go “sooner rather than later” and confirmed that the reins of the sales operation will be handed to Kiran Rao, executive vice president of strategy and marketing at Airbus’s commercial-plane unit. New Yorker Leahy, who joked that both his wife and doctor would like him to retire, pointing to his waistline, plans to stand down before the end of this year, though he gave no specific departure date. He has outlasted more than a half-dozen counterparts at U.S. rival Boeing since being appointed as Airbus’s chief commercial officer in 1994. He is preparing to stand down during a global lull in aircraft sales and no major new programs close to the crucial marketing stage. Most Read Stories No escape for priced-out Seattleites: Home prices set record for an hour’s drive in every direction The Evergreen State College: No safety, no learning, no future | Editorial Test-driving Amazon’s brand-new, very weird grocery pickup service City chose Oak View Group before rival KeyArena bidder withdrew, documents show  VIEW Producer Jerry Bruckheimer, Celtics minority owner David Bonderman join KeyArena renovation groupUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The famously hard-charging executive worked in marketing at Piper Aircraft for seven years before joining Airbus North America in 1985. He later assumed responsibility for cracking the key U.S. market, where Boeing once reigned supreme but most major airlines now have Airbus jets. When Leahy moved to Toulouse, France, as commercial chief more than two decades ago, the company had only an 18 percent share of the jetliner market, with Boeing controlling the rest. The fact that the two are now balanced roughly 50-50 is possibly the biggest testament to the success of his sales technique. While that no-holds-barred approach sometimes led to tensions, it also allowed the executive to broker major deals at a succession of air shows, the aviation industry’s highest-profile events, where Airbus became a specialist at landing last-minute contracts guaranteed to make headlines. Leahy also proved a master at whipping up enthusiasm for new models, creating a sense of urgency that made airlines fearful of waiting too long to join the order bandwagon. That was illustrated with the re-engined A320neo, with which Airbus garnered more than 5,000 orders at a record pace. The larger versions of the four-engined A340 model proved a tougher sell as airlines began to switch to twin-turbine jets even for very long flights, while not even Leahy’s brio has been able to drum up anything more than modest demand for the A380 superjumbo. Leahy’s successor Rao, 53, was named internally as his deputy this past year, people with knowledge of the promotion said in November. Born in Bangalore, India, Rao studied aeronautical engineering in London and has held the title of executive vice president for sales and marketing. Leahy studied communications and philosophy at New York’s Fordham University, holds an MBA from Syracuse University and was named an officer of France’s Légion d’Honneur in 2012 for his services to European aviation. He commented on his planned exit from Airbus during a briefing on the sidelines of the International Air Transport Association’s annual meeting in Cancún. Bloomberg’s Andrea Rothman contributed to this report. Next Story GM wants to drive the future of cars that drive themselves Previous Story Uber fires more than 20 employees as part of harassment probe Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Tata Advanced Systems delivers crown and tailcone for CH-47 Chinook ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 1:50am EDT BRIEF-Tata Advanced Systems delivers crown and tailcone for CH-47 Chinook helicopter to Boeing June 8 Tata Advanced Systems Ltd: * Boeing and Tata Advanced Systems says delivery of crown and tailcone assembly for Indian configuration of CH-47F Chinook helicopter * Parts will be delivered to Boeing for final assembly of 15 helicopters on delivery to Indian Air Force​ Source text:[Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Tata Advanced Systems Limited (TASL) today announced the delivery of the first crown and tailcone assembly for the Indian configuration of the CH-47F Chinook helicopter. Manufactured by TASL in Hyderabad, the parts will be delivered to Boeing for final assembly of the 15 helicopters on delivery to the Indian Air Force.] Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-Midsouth Bancorp, announces pricing, upsizing of public offering of common stock * Midsouth Bancorp Inc announces pricing and upsizing of public offering of common stock Egypt's core inflation decreases to 30.057 pct yr/yr in May -c.bank CAIRO, June 8 Egypt's core inflation eased to 30.57 percent year on year in May from 32.06 percent in April, the central bank said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aviation News: Royal Australian Air Force Signs for Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite Englewood, Colo. | 07 Jun 2017 | By Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. “Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency,” said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. “This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance.”   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger. “The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems,” said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. “We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs.” Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. “When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings,” said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. Media Contact: Brian Rantala +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cellulose Acetate Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Global Interactive Kiosk Market 2017 Predicted 13.43% CAGR by 2021- Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing Woos United and Lion in a Bid to Boost Max 10 Launch by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson , Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky , and Fabiola Moura More stories by Fabiola Moura June 7, 2017, 3:54 PM EDT June 8, 2017, 7:31 AM EDT Chinese lessor CDB also said to study longest version of 737 Planemaker looks to slow gains of Airbus’s A321neo narrow-body Boeing Co. is in talks with United Airlines and at least five other companies as the U.S. planemaker tries to line up initial customers for its 737 Max 10 jetliner and gain ground on a fast-selling  Airbus SE model, people familiar with the matter said. The roster of potential buyers of the largest-ever 737, which is expected to launch this month, spans the globe. Initial sales prospects include Indonesia’s Lion Mentari Airlines PT, the aircraft-leasing arm of China’s development bank, Jet Airways India Ltd., SpiceJet Ltd. and Copa Holdings SA, said the people, who asked not to be named because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly about the negotiations. The U.S. manufacturer is seeking a groundswell of orders to demonstrate the Max 10’s market appeal and strike back at the A321neo, Airbus’s largest narrow-body jet, which is capturing trans-continental routes once dominated by Boeing’s out-of-production 757. The Max 10 talks aren’t final and Airbus could still try to thwart the sales ahead of the Paris Air Show later this month. A spokesman for Chicago-based Boeing declined to comment on the talks. Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for United, declined to comment on a potential order, as did CDB Aviation Lease Finance, the Chinese aircraft lessor, Jet Airways and SpiceJet. Lion and Panama City-based Copa didn’t immediately comment. ‘Better Airplane’ The newest 737 Max would seat about 220 passengers in a single-cabin layout popular with budget carriers while burning about 5 percent less fuel than its similarly sized Airbus rival, according to the U.S. company. The Boeing jet isn’t slated to enter the commercial market until 2020. Airbus delivered the first A321neo earlier this year and has garnered 1,416 total orders, according to the company’s website. “We aren’t looking to simply build something on par with the A321neo,” said Randy Tinseth, a Boeing vice president for marketing. “We’re bringing a better airplane to the market -- and that’s our focus.” Airbus sales chief John Leahy dismissed the competitive threat in comments to reporters this week, saying the U.S. planemaker was responding to the A321neo only because the Airbus plane outsold the Max 9 by a four-to-one ratio. The Max 10’s frame would be five feet longer than that of the Max 9. Boeing doesn’t break out its Max sales by variant. Boeing is “flailing about, trying to come up with some answer to it that doesn’t cost them a fortune,” Leahy said. “Usually those things in aviation don’t work successfully.” United Fleet Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up United Continental Holdings Inc. is studying whether to convert 61 orders for the 737 Max to the -10 version, while taking a handful of Boeing 777-300ERs, the largest twin-engine jetliner currently flying, some of the people said. The carrier gained the production slots last year after it converted an earlier order for the Boeing 737-700 to the Max. The Chicago-based airline is also considering an A321neo order, the people said. Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz said United, the third-largest U.S. carrier, was “interested” in the Max 10, during a brief interview on the sidelines of the International Air Transport Association meeting in Cancun, Mexico, this week. Jet Airways, India’s biggest full-service airline, is preparing to order 50 single-aisle jets, Bloomberg reported June 5. The airline, which operates an all-Boeing narrow-body fleet, is evaluating the Max 10, the high-density Max 200 as well as the Airbus A321neo. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral The Pentagon's new 'kinetic energy projectile' weapon is basically a weaponized meteor strike Business Insider UK 7 June 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos EM gun electromagneticMore DOD In the 1950s, Jerry Pournelle imagined the military equivalent of the extinction of the dinosaurs. Toiling away as a Boeing operations researcher in the afterglow of the Manhattan Project and the Soviet Union’s First Lightning nuclear test in 1949, the U.S. Army veteran envisioned a weapons system armed not with munitions and other chemical explosives, but massive rods forged from heavy metals dropped from sub-orbital heights. Those “tungsten thunderbolts,” as the New York Times called them, would impact enemy strongholds below with the devastating velocity of a dino-exterminating impact, obliterating highly fortified targets — like, say, Iranian centrifuges or North Korean bunkers — without the mess of nuclear fallout. Pournelle, whose years of experience in aerospace would fuel a career as a journalist and military science fiction writer, named his superweapon “Project Thor.” Others just called it “Rods From God.” In reality, weapons researchers refer to it as a “kinetic energy projectile”: a super-dense, super-fast projectile that, operating free of complex systems and volatile chemicals, destroys everything in its path. The idea of kinetic weaponry — raining down inert projectiles on an enemy with deadly velocity — is far from a novel concept. The trebuchet was the backbone of successful sieges for hundreds of years, from ancient China to Hernan Cortes’ subjugation of the Aztecs; during and after World War II, airmen have occasionally deployed clusters of inert “Lazy Dog” bombs — metal cylinders traveling at terminal velocity — on the battlefields of Korea and Vietnam. And gravity hasn’t always been necessary. For decades, militaries have used ultra-dense “kinetic energy penetrators,” also known as KEPs, specially designed shells often wrapped in an outer shell (a “sabot”) and fired at high velocity rather than dropped from the sky, to defeat defense armor. That’s the fundamental logic underpinning the U.S. Navy’s highly touted electromagnetic railgun, which can blast a 25-pound “hypervelocity projectile” with 32-megajoule muzzle energy through seven steel plates and obliterate whatever that armor is supposed to protect. Whether dropped from the sky or fired from a cannon, the principle behind these weapons is the same: hitting the enemy with something very hard and very dense, moving very fast. And the kinetic energy projectile may become a staple of modern warfare sooner than you might think. View photos kinetic bombardment KEP body photo 1More DARPA/Lawrence Livermore National Lab In 2013, the U.S. Air Force 846th Test Squadron and civilian researchers at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory successfully test-fired a kinetic energy projectile, a tungsten-rich shell moving at 3,500 feet-per-second — more than three times faster than the speed of sound — on a specialized track at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico. More recently, the Pentagon has tested the Navy electromagnetic rail gun’s hypervelocity projectiles with the help of conventional U.S. Army howitzers; the Navy hopes the completed cannon will be able to launch shells at up to 4,500 mph, six times the speed of sound.  Explosives may be dazzling in their destructiveness, but there’s an elegant, almost Newtonian lethality to the kinetic energy projectile, explains Matt Weingart, a weapons program development manager at Lawrence Livermore. Read More “The classic way of delivering hurt against a target has been to pack a lot of chemical explosive into a container of some kind, a barrel or a cannonball or steel bomb,” Weingart told Task & Purpose in a phone interview. “The violence comes from the chemical explosive inside that bomb sending off a blast wave, followed by the fragments of the bomb case. But the difference with kinetic energy projectiles is that the warhead arrives at the target moving very, very fast — the energy is there to propel those fragments without the use of a chemical explosive to accelerate them. The more mass, the more violence.” The concept of the hypersonic impact that defined Project Thor and its devastating potential hasn’t been lost on defense officials. Military researchers are continuing to explore battlefield applications that “take advantage of high terminal speeds to deliver much more energy onto a target than the chemical explosives they carry would deliver alone,” as Army Maj. Gen. William Hix put it at the Booz Allen Hamilton Direct Energy Summit in March. “Think of it as a big shotgun shell,” Hix told the assembled crowd. “Not much can survive it. If you’re in a main battle tank, if you’re a crew member, you might survive but the vehicle will be non-mission capable, and everything below that level of protection will be dead. That’s what I am talking about.” View photos lawrence livermore KEP sled test photoMore Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory The KEP isn’t just appealing because of its elegance and relative cost-effectiveness (a super-dense tungsten warhead is relatively cheaper than conventional explosive munitions), but for its theoretical precision. The hypersonic shell is designed to defeat enemy armor and completely obliterate structures and equipment with extreme precision, whether it’s fired from ground artillery or deployed from an aerial — or orbital — platform. As Weingart explains, Hix’s vision is one of “raining down violence across a large area” — without, ostensibly, risking military personnel and hardware. And the KEP’s upside isn’t just precision in targeting, but precision in the level of violence that the weapon actually deals out. Because the shell’s “yield” is essentially a function of velocity and density rather than explosive payload, confining the impact’s devastating effects to a specific area is simply a matter of physics.  In theory, the KEP is “basic physics,” Weingart says, “but the implementation is really, really hard physics.” “Using our high computing capabilities, we can exercise a high degree of control over those effects,” says Weingart. “We’ve got the most extraordinary computing power in the world, and we can take exquisite knowledge of physics and put it into very sophisticated computer codes and run vast number problems to predict how things are going to behave in terms of speed and energy.” The KEP could offer a middle ground between the conventional precision GPS-guided munitions deployed by aircraft and high-yield, non-nuclear explosives like the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB), or “mother of all bombs,” used  against ISIS militants in Afghanistan in April. By adjusting the density of the KEP, military personnel could choose between defeating the armor on a single main battle tank and delivering violence wholesale (and simultaneously) across broad swaths of an operational area, without worrying about fallout. “On the battlefield, you could do a straightforward calculation about whether the speed or amount of explosives are the most effective part of the warhead,” says Weingart. “Instead of putting explosives in, you just put in mass and heavy metals, regardless of delivery system or set of terminal conditions.” “General Hix referred to it as a shotgun,” he added. “you can have a narrow or broad choke and spotlight a very small area with these effects if you’re trying to pinpoint a well-localized target without damaging the surrounding area.” View photos Electromagnetic gunMore DOD But what’s the main purpose of these kinetic energy projectiles, other than “raining down violence” with the shock and awe that only weapons like the “Mother of All Bombs” can inspire? For Pentagon planners, it could be to counter Russia’s tactical nuclear stockpile, according to Hix, warheads that could appear on future battlefields alongside conventional weapons thanks to ongoing miniaturization efforts, according to the DoD’s Russia New Generation Warfare Study. Central to the weapons system’s tactical appeal isn’t its delivery mechanism, but the KEP warhead itself. While Weingart’s focus is on the KEP warhead rather than the firing system or combat context it might deploy in, he agrees with the potential application envisioned by Hix. “He is talking about the return of widespread violence to the battlefield, the fact we’ve seen the Russians do that in recent years by bombarding areas like Syria and Ukraine, the likes of which we haven’t really seen since the Korean War.” The applications of the KEP are mainly theoretical for now, and we’re certainly decades away from a floating Thor’s hammer circling the planet. But if kinetic energy projectiles do find efficient applications in warfare, it’s possible they could find new delivery systems for battlefield destruction — with potentially devastating effects that might eclipse the MOAB as the most violent non-nuclear weapon in the Pentagon’s arsenal. NOW WATCH: Colonel Sanders' nephew revealed the family's secret recipe — here's how to make KFC's 'original' fried chicken See Also: The Navy ship named for Gabby Giffords commissions this month China is looking to build a submersible surface ship with guided missiles, and it looks crazy Air Force vet who tried to join ISIS gets 35 years in prison Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Saudi Arabia football team refuse to join Australia in minute's silence for London terror victims The Independent Earliest Ever Homo Sapiens Discovered in Morocco Forces Major Rethink of Human Evolution Newsweek General Election polls and projections: June 8 Press Association video Dogs at polling stations: Everyone's favourite general election hashtag returns Romelu Lukaku drops huge hint over club he wants to join with revealing social media activity 90Min London Bridge terror attack: How the newspapers responded Indonesia is Counting All of Its Islands to Make Sure It Hasn't Forgotten Any Newsweek What is all the Trump/Russia/FBI drama? Sky video General election polls: Latest tracker and odds The Telegraph One Love Manchester: Ariana Grande tribute show in pictures General Election 2017: All the latest as Britain goes to the polls Yahoo News UK Manchester United in advanced talks with Monaco over Fabinho signing International Business Times In pictures: London Bridge terror attack leaves 7 dead and dozens injured Vladimir Putin: I don't have bad days because I'm not a woman The Guardian Cat Meows To Be Let Outside Jukin Media Bristol City fans giving stolen Millwall plaque back to London terror attack hero Yahoo Sport UK By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Watch Live: Fmr. FBI Director James Comey testifies on Trump, Russia talks More | Dismiss Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle By Matthew Rocco Published June 07, 2017 Defense FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print An F-15E Strike Eagle assigned to Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, flies during a Red Flag 15-3 sortie at Nellis Air Force Base, Nev., July 13, 2015. The 366th Fighter Wing, assigned to Mountain Home AFB, is the lead wing of Red Flag 15-3 which ... is designed to provide a series of intense air-to-air combat scenarios for aircrew and ground personnel which will increase their combat readiness and effectiveness for future real-world missions. (U.S. Air Force) Expand A plan to sell $21.1 billion worth of Boeing (BA)-made F-15 fighter jets to Qatar appears to be moving forward, despite several countries cutting diplomatic ties with the Middle Eastern nation this week. Continue Reading Below A State Department official said the diplomatic battle and President Donald Trump’s criticism of Qatar, which is under fire for allegedly supporting terrorist groups, has not affected the pending deal to deliver 72 F-15QA multirole fighters, according to Fox News. In a statement, Boeing said it’s “closely following recent developments.” “We have been working closely with the U.S. and Qatari governments on this proposed sale. We continue to expect that an agreement will be signed,” Boeing added. Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations have severed their ties with Qatar, accusing the small oil-rich country of funding terrorism. The disagreement also stems from Qatar’s support for the Muslim Brotherhood. “So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding…extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!” Trump wrote in messages posted to Twitter (TWTR). Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The Obama administration approved the F-15 sale in November. The agreement, which has yet to be finalized, aimed to improve Qatar’s defense capabilities. Boeing would be the primary defense contractor involved in the sale. Other contractors including Lockheed Martin (LMT), Elbit Systems (ESLT) and BAE Systems (BAESY) would support production of the F-15 Eagle. More from FOX Business FBI Director Comey assured Trump he was not being investigated For Under Armour, Stephen Curry's new basketball sneaker stokes optimism Oil prices plunge on surprise inventory build Qatar is home to the largest U.S. military base in the Middle East. The military launches operations against ISIS from Al Udeid Air Base, where an estimated 10,000 Americans are deployed. Military officials have said the diplomatic fight won’t impact U.S. missions. Boeing shares rose 0.8% to $188.30 in recent trading. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Eye in the sky: Isro to launch new satellite in Cartosat-2 series in June Business Standard Air India's fleet expansion on hold after NITI's privatisation proposal According to MoS, a Cabinet note on its privatisation is likely to be prepared shortly Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  June 8, 2017 Last Updated at 14:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfR1 ALSO READ Jaitley, Raju discuss Air India issue; privatisation call in a few months Air India sale: Govt to process NITI Aayog report on it, says Arun Jaitley Opinion favours selling off Air India in one go Eyeing regional connectivity, Alliance Air to triple its fleet this FY Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding the acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the US and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN (Ude Desh ka Aam Naagrik), have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for the leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India in 2007. Read More On Air India Privatisation | Air India | Alliance Air | Atr | Boeing | Airbus | Air India Express | Jayant Sinha | Arun Jaitley | Niti Aayog | Niti | Udan | Pmo | Acquisition | Australia | Canada | Us | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Air India's fleet expansion on hold after NITI's privatisation proposal According to MoS, a Cabinet note on its privatisation is likely to be prepared shortly According to MoS, a Cabinet note on its privatisation is likely to be prepared shortly Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding the acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the US and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN (Ude Desh ka Aam Naagrik), have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for the leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India in 2007. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Air India's fleet expansion on hold after NITI's privatisation proposal According to MoS, a Cabinet note on its privatisation is likely to be prepared shortly Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding the acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the US and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN (Ude Desh ka Aam Naagrik), have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for the leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India in 2007. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Hard to find a player like Hardik Pandya: Kohli Driver who made away with employer's cash bag held in Jaipur Business Standard After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 20:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfR1 ALSO READ Canada frees Air India bomber 'Superwoman' Lilly Singh to come to India on maiden book tour 'India's overseas tourists market positive for Australia' 12 countries to partner in Vibrant Gujarat's 8th edition Tata Power Solar ships 1GW solar modules Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Air India | India | Acquisition | Australia | Canada | Usa | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, ... Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 4/0 (1.4) - IND 321/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News Business News After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Shares1 Wed, 7 Jun 2017-08:20pm , PTI Air India's plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog's proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier's future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline's board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently "on hold" and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. "The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline's future," a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India's regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre's regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow- bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business Uber fires executive who obtained Delhi rape victim's medical reports Business General Motors dealers plan class action suit over 'measly' compensation Business HDIL fails to repay loan, CBI seizes its Kurla property Business Demonetisation: Tax officials surprised as Delhi deposits Rs 56,665 cr & Mumbai Rs 35,272 cr in old currency Business DNA Money Edit: Housing finance to become thrust area for banks Business Lack of process can cause more damage Live Cricket Score Live SL 4/0 (1.4) SL need 318 runs in 290 balls at 6.57 rpo IND 321/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related DNA Money Edit: Is Air India flying back in time? Air India on expansion mode, Eastern Region to get more flights, says Chairman Ashwani Lohani Air India Express to fly in formation with other airlines Zee Business RBI's new rules may make India Inc shun masala bonds GST to boost gold industry, demand to touch 950 tonne by 2020, World Gold Council says RBI says 83% currency remonetised but does it really matter? Transaction charges: Which is the cheapest mode of money transfer between UPI, IMPS and NEFT? Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Air India Express Air India Limited Boeing Arun Jaitley Jayant Sinha Australia Canada Niti Aayog USA Air India and Indian Airlines ATR Alliance Air PMO SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 15 doctors, 54 employees found absent from duty in Pb hospital Hindu Yuva Vahini demands action over FB post against soldiers HC directs police to provide protection to IIT-M students BJP running away from CBI probe into NH-74 scam: Cong EXCLUSIVE-Julius Baer seeks to stem fallout from FIFA corruption case -sources Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business Kenya to convert $243 mln debt in Kenya Airways into equity Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Ex-judges of Delhi HC to get domestic help at court expense Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Putin hails Russian-Chinese ties at meeting with Xi Jinping Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 08, 16:14 Moscow’s renovated Luzhniki Stadium to host first football game in October Sport June 08, 16:08 US hackers attack Kremlin daily, but not grounds to blame American officials — spokesman Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 08, 16:00 Kiev's zeal for NATO membership bound to make Ukraine laughing stock in West — expert Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 08, 15:53 Putin arrives in Astana for SCO summit Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 08, 15:45 Kremlin shows no particular interest in ex-FBI chief’s testimony Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 08, 15:44 Third of five detained members of Church of Scientology in St. Petersburg arrested World June 08, 15:26 Russia ready to increase food deliveries to Qatar Business & Economy June 08, 15:17 First launch of Russia’s super-heavy rocket planned for 2028 — source Science & Space June 08, 15:06 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 09.06.2017 08.06.2017 07.06.2017 06.06.2017 05.06.2017 04.06.2017 03.06.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news World demand for medium-haul airliners to reach 15,000 planes in next 20 years Business & Economy June 07, 17:44 UTC+3 ULYANOVSK The aircraft’s parameters may put Ryssia's new airliner in the conditions of tight competition with Boeing and Airbus Share 1 pages in this article © Marina Lystseva/TASS ULYANOVSK, June 7. /TASS/. The world demand for medium-haul airliners within the category that includes Russia’s newest MC-21 will reach about 15,000 planes in the next 20 years, United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) Head Yuri Slyusar said on Wednesday. The UAC chief made this statement at a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev on additional measures to support the aircraft-building industry. The UAC defines the segment that comprises the MC-21 airliner as the most capacious on the Russian market, the chief executive said. Read also Domestic engine tests for MC-21 airplane to be completed by year-end New MC-21 jet: Russia’s first step on aircraft market Russia's MC-21 jet may debut at Dubai air show in November Firm contract for delivery of 50 MC-21 airliners to Aeroflot to be signed this year Russia sees prospects for MC-21, SSJ-100 supplies to India Corporation Irkut: MC-21 first flight conducted in routine mode "In our estimates, the demand in the MC-21 segment will make up about 15,000 new planes in the next 20 years," Slyusar said. The aircraft’s parameters put this airliner in the conditions of tight competition with Boeing and Airbus, he noted. "The plane is planned to be offered to the world market simultaneously with the developments of the Chinese side, which will thus help destroy the duopoly existing on the market, he said. According to Slyusar, the MC-21 features unique design solutions, including fuel efficiency and comfort for passengers. The MC-21 is the family of short-and medium-haul narrow-body airliners intended to replace Tupolev Tu-134 and Tu-154 planes and also their Western rivals. In Russia’s new history, only one airliner, the regional Sukhoi Superjet 100, has been manufactured from scratch. The plane performed the first flight in 2008 and was made operational in 2011. The MC-21 has a flight range of 6,400 kilometers (3,977 miles), while the Sukhoi Superjet 100 can fly at a distance of 4,578 kilometers (2,845 miles). Gallery 10 photo © Valery Sharifulin/TASS 10 years of United Aircraft Corporation: military, civilian and transport aircraft The MC-21 will be able to carry 211 passengers, while the Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliner’s seating capacity is 108. The first flight of the MC-21 airliner was scheduled for December 2016 and its serial assembly was planned to begin in 2017. Later, the first flight was postponed to April and then to late May. The airliner performed its debut flight on May 28, 2017 in Irkutsk. The current portfolio of orders for MC-21 is 285 airliners, 185 of which have been contracted on prepayment. The first client is Russia’s Aeroflot, which plans to have 50 MC-21 in its fleet. In April, the company’s director general, Vitaly Savelyev, said they expect the first three airliners in 2019. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 08, 16:00 US hackers attack Kremlin daily, but not grounds to blame American officials — spokesman June 08, 16:00 June 08, 15:45 Putin arrives in Astana for SCO summit June 08, 15:45 June 08, 15:53 Kiev's zeal for NATO membership bound to make Ukraine laughing stock in West — expert June 08, 15:53 June 08, 11:45 Russia advises US to use ‘better discretion’ in planning airstrikes in Syria June 08, 11:45 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 St. Petersburg’s Church of Scientology is charged with illegal revenue of $4.8 mln 2 Blast hits US embassy in Kiev 3 Antimissile 'umbrella' to be created over Russia’s enitre territory 4 All arrested in connection with London Bridge terror attack released without charge 5 Putin arrives in Astana for SCO summit 6 Putin hails Russian-Chinese ties at meeting with Xi Jinping 7 Press review: Timoshenko takes heat for 2009 gas deal and India-Pakistan rivalry joins SCO 1 St. Petersburg’s Church of Scientology is charged with illegal revenue of $4.8 mln 2 Blast hits US embassy in Kiev 3 All arrested in connection with London Bridge terror attack released without charge 4 Antimissile 'umbrella' to be created over Russia’s enitre territory 5 Russia advises US to use ‘better discretion’ in planning airstrikes in Syria 6 Moscow plans tit-for-tat move if US fails to restore diplomatic immunity of compounds 7 Putin confirms Russia ready to team up with Iran to fight terror 1 St. Petersburg’s Church of Scientology is charged with illegal revenue of $4.8 mln 2 Russia’s Sukhoi-27 jet intercepts US bomber over Baltic Sea 3 Blast hits US embassy in Kiev 4 Russia to upgrade Su-35C fighter 5 Missile shield will not protect entire US territory — Putin 6 Russian MiG-31 fighter jet intercepts Norwegian Air Force’s plane over Barents Sea 7 All arrested in connection with London Bridge terror attack released without charge TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral SpaceX to launch US Air Force's spy plane Boeing X37-B on its Falcon 9 rocket Agamoni Ghosh International Business Times 7 June 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share X-37B Space planeMore SpaceX will help the US Air Force launch its secret space plane for its next mission as part of the force's cost cutting program. The air force has two Boeing X-37B space planes, one of which recently returned after spending more than 700 days in space. At a Senate Armed Services Committee meeting, the US Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson told members that the fifth mission of the X-37B will be launched into space by a Falcon 9 rocket belonging to SpaceX and not the Atlas V as before. She said the company was offering a much lower price than what Atlas would have costs them. Trending: KELT 9b: Hottest planet in the universe ever discovered "There are some very exciting things happening in commercial space that bring the opportunity for assured access to space at a very competitive price," she told the committee. Wilson divulged the details when she was asked about the military's capability for a rapid response to military space needs. Although the US military has never admitted what the real purpose of the X-37B is, some experts have hinted that it is keeping itself ready for space war. Don't miss: 10 brilliant medical inventions we wouldn't have had without astronauts The upcoming launch, which is tentatively scheduled for August, will be the space plane's fifth mission. Since 2010, each of the planes has flown two missions into outer space ranging from 224 to 717 days. Boeing X-37B technical specifications Most popular: 4,000-year-old lost Mesopotamian city discovered in Iraqi Kurdistan The 4,990kg spaceplane measures 8.92m long, with a wingspan of 4.55m. It has a small payload bay of 2.1 x 1.2m, and carries no crew. It is powered by gallium arsenide solar cells with lithium-ion batteries. It has only one manoeuvring engine that burns hydrazine and nitrogen tetroxide. The X-37 programme started by Nasa in 1999 was later transferred to the US military, specifically its research wing, Darpa (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency), famous for running an array of classified projects. The purpose of the mission for the space planes have never been clearly stated by the military but the Air Force defines its primary objectives as a reusable and experiment spacecraft which can be returned to and examined on Earth. With SpaceX getting into one of US military's pet projects, it is expected that other commercial space companies like Blue Origin, Vulcan Aerospace and Virgin Galactic may also push for similar government contracts. The commercial space industry has been growing rapidly with companies actively planning an array of missions ranging from space tourism, mining on Moon and landing on Mars to creating a manufacturing hub outside the planet floating in space. You may be interested in: How Boeing plans to build Darpa's first hypersonic spacecraft Monsters of the sky: The top 10 biggest aircraft ever built What is Boeing X-37B? The secret US Air Force plane that spent over 700 days in space SpaceX to launch US Air Force's spy plane Boeing X37-B on its Falcon 9 rocket Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Saudi Arabia football team refuse to join Australia in minute's silence for London terror victims The Independent Earliest Ever Homo Sapiens Discovered in Morocco Forces Major Rethink of Human Evolution Newsweek General Election polls and projections: June 8 Press Association video Dogs at polling stations: Everyone's favourite general election hashtag returns Romelu Lukaku drops huge hint over club he wants to join with revealing social media activity 90Min London Bridge terror attack: How the newspapers responded Indonesia is Counting All of Its Islands to Make Sure It Hasn't Forgotten Any Newsweek What is all the Trump/Russia/FBI drama? Sky video General election polls: Latest tracker and odds The Telegraph One Love Manchester: Ariana Grande tribute show in pictures General Election 2017: All the latest as Britain goes to the polls Yahoo News UK Manchester United in advanced talks with Monaco over Fabinho signing International Business Times In pictures: London Bridge terror attack leaves 7 dead and dozens injured Vladimir Putin: I don't have bad days because I'm not a woman The Guardian Cat Meows To Be Let Outside Jukin Media Bristol City fans giving stolen Millwall plaque back to London terror attack hero Yahoo Sport UK By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite Former Jeppesen Operations Solution tools to optimize mission effectiveness News provided by Jeppesen 07 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article ENGLEWOOD, Colo., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. "Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency," said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. "This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance."   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger.      "The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems," said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. "We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs." Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. "When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings," said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry's largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world's largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-australian-air-force-signs-for-jeppesen-and-tapestry-solutions-mission-management-suite-300469905.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com 08 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: The Weather Company, An IBM Business, To Empower Jeppesen And Boeing Flight Operations Solutions Through Weather Services And Insights My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 04 May, 2017, 14:45 ET The Weather Company, An IBM Business, To Empower Jeppesen And... 04 May, 2017, 14:45 ET Jeppesen And ForeFlight Form Alliance To Deliver Industry Leading... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Computer Electronics Aerospace & Defense Travel Industry You just read: Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite News provided by Jeppesen 07 Jun, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boeing Co (BA) Raised to “Buy” at ValuEngine Banco de Chile (BCH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Zacks Investment Research Lowers Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) to Hold Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.23 Per Share Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Short Interest Up 57.0% in May Dover Corp (DOV) Short Interest Update Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Semtech (SMTC) KeyCorp Weighs in on Cooper Companies Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (COO) Scotia Howard Weill Upgrades Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) to Outperform Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Cut to “Sell” at ValuEngine Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €63.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Ascential PLC (ASCL) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Evonik Industries AG (EVK) a €27.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €9.00 Price Target Tate & Lyle PLC (TATE) Lowered to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Indivior PLC (INDV) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC President Energy PLC (PPC) Given New GBX 10 Price Target at Peel Hunt E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Boeing Co (BA) Raised to “Buy” at ValuEngine June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine upgraded shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Friday. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Vetr raised Boeing from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $157.84 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Buckingham Research lowered Boeing from a neutral rating to an underperform rating and set a $140.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on Boeing from $195.00 to $205.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Morgan Stanley lowered Boeing from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $185.00 to $190.00 in a report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a $190.00 price objective (up previously from $175.00) on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Boeing presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $167.52. Shares of Boeing (BA) opened at 186.75 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $112.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.01 and a beta of 1.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $183.65 and a 200-day moving average of $170.91. Boeing has a 12-month low of $122.35 and a 12-month high of $191.70. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.74 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Boeing will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/boeing-co-ba-raised-to-buy-at-valuengine.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th were given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.04%. Boeing’s payout ratio is 74.25%. In related news, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total value of $2,840,601.40. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total value of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 107,437 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 in the last 90 days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Cable Hill Partners LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 0.5% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 1,674 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $225,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. GWM Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 0.6% in the first quarter. GWM Advisors LLC now owns 1,324 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $233,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its stake in Boeing by 0.3% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 2,898 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $512,000 after buying an additional 9 shares during the last quarter. Arcus Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in Boeing by 0.8% in the first quarter. Arcus Capital Partners LLC now owns 1,628 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $288,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vicus Capital increased its stake in Boeing by 1.0% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 1,382 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE Lowest international bid for 200MW Dubai solar power plant Egypt imposes tariffs on Chinese, Turkish, and Ukrainian steel Green initiative: Solar panels to power four malls in UAE Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties Kremlin spurns speculation of Rosneft stake buyback from Qatar Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Exchange shut down by UAE Central Bank begins giving back money Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market China Construction Bank lists bond on Nasdaq Dubai ADIB, Thomson Reuters present fifth Ethical Finance Innovation Awards Dubai Islamic Bank gives Zakat money to Ras al-Khaimah charity Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Facebook launches features to connect U.S. users to elected officials Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top 1million units Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Trump offers to help resolve Gulf crisis Syria peace talks in Astana postponed Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Pro-Assad alliance threatens to hit U.S. positions in Syria Syrian refugees in Lebanon & Jordan could lose assistance, warns UN Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month Morocco parliament passes delayed 2017 budget Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Dubai index sees turnaround in trend on blue chip buying Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Oil rises off one-month lows struck after surprise stock build Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Egypt's new steel tariffs in effect as of June 6 -trade ministry Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Municipality meets with real estate developers in Dubai Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub UAE postal group suspends services to Qatar Controversy: UAE telecom regulator questioned on ‘bad habits’ cinema promo Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities: report Passengers stranded at Saudi airports Saudi rights activist who fought driving ban arrested again Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins What does a CEO look like? DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Interactive instrument uses music for child therapy and learning Chronic pain tied to faster memory decline in old age Abu Dhabi approves fee hikes for 24 private schools Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins Video games deliver hope to Syrian refugees Rockefeller art collection to be auctioned benefiting charities TV remains a favoured shopping medium in Gulf Archaeologists discover Aztec ball court in heart of Mexico City Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great outdoors Madinah 'Tourist Bus' runs pilot trip Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Take a vacation? Not me, says action star Tom Cruise Tight security in Paris as Ariana Grande resumes Europe tour DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Amal Clooney, Beyonce's twins turn motherhood into summer blockbuster Pakistan back in the race as rain helps their cause Formula One statistics for the Canadian Grand Prix Workers bowled over by cricket nights AFC monitoring Qatar crisis, hoping to minimize impact on matches Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home GCC Article aviation Oman Air to boost services to Qatar by Shane McGinley 07 June, 2017 Image used for illustrative purpose. Boeing-757 Oman Air landing in Zurich. shutterstock 07 June 2017 State carrier Oman Air is planning to boost its services to Doha, just days after three of its Gulf Arab neighbours severed all ties with Qatar, an airline spokesperson said on Wednesday. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain severed their diplomatic, economic and transport ties with Qatar on Monday, accusing it of supporting terrorism. State-backed airlines, such as Saudi Arabian Airlines, Dubai’s Emirates, Abu Dhabi’s Etihad Airways, Bahrain’s Gulf Air, have grounded all flights to and from Doha until further notice. “Oman Air flights are as per schedule to Doha. Oman Air is upgrading its flights to Doha to bigger aircraft, with more capacity from June 8th till June 14th,” an airline spokesperson told Zawya in an email statement on Wednesday. “Additionally, Oman Air has dedicated three charter flights to QR (Qatar Airways) to operate sectors Muscat Jeddah Muscat from June 6th. The situation is monitored and updates will be provided as necessary,” the statement added. Advertisement Oman and Kuwait have not commented on the rift between their Gulf Cooperation Council members, but a Kuwaiti economist told Zawya on Tuesday the crisis could be commercially beneficial for both countries. “The crisis, however, presents commercial and financial opportunities for companies in Kuwait. Kuwait can be a financial and commercial centre for companies from UAE, Saudi, and Bahrain dealing with Qatar,” Mohammad Ramadhan, a Kuwaiti economic analyst and a regular columnist at Kuwait’s Arabic daily Al Qabas, said in a phone interview. “With the UAE and Bahrain trade ties with Qatar affected, both Kuwait and Oman can draw these trade transactions. But given that Kuwait-GCC relations are better than Oman-GCC ties, Kuwait is more fit to play this role, especially considering that it has better infrastructure than Oman. “Kuwait can be a re-export center for transporting goods between some GCC countries and Qatar. There are many examples, regionally and globally, with countries taking advantage of certain political situations for economic gains. For instance, Dubai capitalized on trade ties with Iran following the global sanctions on Iran,” he added. A Kuwait Airways spokesperson told Zawya in an email statement on Tuesday the state carrier “can confirm that its network of 38 international destinations remains unchanged, with each route currently operating as per the advertised schedules”. Stay updated with all developments in Qatar and get daily updates in your inbox by hitting the 'follow' button on the page. Further reading: Qatar tensions: Zawya Special Coverage Timeline: How the rift with Qatar has developed over the last few years © Zawya 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: travel oman airlines qatar gcc transport Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Nicholas Polley as General Counsel 1 hour ago Chestertons appoints new head for MENA brokerage 1 day ago Cisco Saudi Arabia appoints engineer Haytham AlOhali Managing Director 1 day ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR Digital Republic Linked by Isobar appointed as digital creative agency for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority Digital Republic linked by Isobar to give digital creative, social media services for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Authority. 1 day ago Goh Choon Phong New IATA Chairman Goh Choon Phong, CEO of Singapore Airlines, Chairman of IATA Board of Governors for a one-year term. 1 day ago  from Four Communications Group Cerner Middle East & Africa healthcare strengthens client alignment with the appointment of new leadership roles 06 Jun 2017  from Orient Planet Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
nzherald.co.nz Business Friday, 09 June 2017 Sign into your NZ Herald Register here Find out more My News Your news how you want it. On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later. Find out more Register now NZ Herald  > Business New Zealand Regional News Sport Business Property Technology World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Rural Driven Motoring News Video Photos Puzzles & Quizzes Classifieds Crime Politics Health News NZ Herald Focus Infographics Property Weather NZH Local Focus The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today Rotorua Daily Post Wanganui Chronicle Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Golf Motorsport Sailing Hockey Tennis Bowls UFC Boxing Athletics Triathlon Racing American Sports Small Business Business Opinion Personal Finance Currency Table Economy Business Travel Deloitte 200 Property Herald Homes True Commercial Spy TV Movies Books Music Culture Sideswipe Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Relationships Wellbeing Pets & Animals Bite Viva Canvas Horoscopes Africa Americas Asia Australia Europe Middle East NZ Travel Pacific Sudoku Codecracker Crosswords Wordsearch Daily quizzes Super Rugby All Blacks Lions Tour Rugby Champs NPC Six Nations Black Caps Domestic Cricket F1 V8 Rallying NZ Motorsport Indycar Motorcycling Speedway NASCAR Drifting Driven Motoring Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trending Topics America's Cup racing London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions tour Weather Weather Home Kaitaia Whangarei Dargaville Auckland Thames Tauranga Hamilton Whakatane Rotorua Tokoroa Te Kuiti Taumarunui Taupo Gisborne New Plymouth Napier Hastings Dannevirke Whanganui Palmerston North Levin Paraparaumu Masterton Wellington Motueka Nelson Blenheim Westport Reefton Kaikoura Greymouth Hokitika Christchurch Ashburton Timaru Wanaka Oamaru Queenstown Dunedin Gore Invercargill NZME Network NZ Herald The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay Of Plenty Times Rotorua Daily Post Hawke's Bay Today Wanganui Chronicle The Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Viva Bite Spy Driven Motoring True Commercial The Country NZ Herald Insights Chinese Herald NewsPix WatchMe iHeart Radio GrabOne follow NZ herald on: Newstalk ZB The difference is opinion From breaking news to debate and conversation, we bring NZ the news as it happens. Grab One Grab life by the deals Do more of the things you love, and get more of the things you need, for less. About NZME Help & Support Contact Us Subscribe to NZ Herald Manage Your Subscription NZ Herald Digital Edition Advertise with NZME Book Your Ad Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017 NZME. Publishing Limited Breaking news: US companies posted record number of open jobs in April 7 Jun, 2017 1:55pm Quick Read Poland, Ukraine develop gas hub for independence from Russia 7 Jun, 2017 2:10pm Quick Read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. BUSINESS Qantas eyes longer leap as it gears up for Perth-London flights 7 Jun, 2017 2:05pm 2 minutes to read × Qantas will use a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner on the Perth-London route. By: Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the NZ Herald grant.bradley@nzherald.co.nz @gbradleynz Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Qantas hopes it will be able to fly direct from Sydney to London with new generation planes as it gears up to begin services to the British capital from Perth. The Perth-London service will start next March and the airline says there is strong demand for 14,498km flight aboard its new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners. It is already thinking even bigger. "Hopefully we'll be able to fly direct from Sydney to London - we do believe that aircraft technology is going to be our friend into the future," said chief executive Alan Joyce. Advertisement Advertise with NZME. He told a media briefing on the sidelines of the International Air Transport Association meeting in Cancun that the airline was talking to Boeing about the next generation of 777s and to Airbus about the ultra-long range A350. Sydney to London is just under 17,000km and New York is just under 16,000km. Joyce said other United States cities, Washington DC, Boston and Chicago would be opened up from Australia's east coast Earlier this year the world's longest non-stop commercial flight touched down in New Zealand after leaving Qatar 16 hours and 23 minutes earlier. The Qatar Airways flight from Doha to Auckland covered a total distance of 14,535 kilometres (9032 miles). The plane flew across 10 time zones during the trip. Gareth Evans, chief of Qantas International and Freight, said plane builders liked to deal with Qantas. Related articles: TRAVEL London-bound flyers getting money back 5 Jun, 2017 2:55pm 2 minutes to read BUSINESS Air Chathams founder honoured 5 Jun, 2017 5:00am 2 minutes to read WORLD Kuwait steps in to mediate Qatar crisis 7 Jun, 2017 1:02am 5 minutes to read ''We've been talking to them for a long time - they like to use Qantas particularly with the experience we've got with the long-range flying," he said. ''There's still a long way to go but we're very excited about the technology." The Perth-London flight will take about 17 hours and will be one of the longest in the world. The Boeing 787-9 used on the route will carry 236 passengers across business, premium economy and economy cabins. Qantas flies a seasonal service from Auckland to Perth and Evans said year-round flights were a possibility. ''That's an option that's on the table for us - there are opportunities to connect New Zealand in," he said. While it was quicker to fly eastbound to Europe from New Zealand it was faster to return flying from the west and over Australia. Qantas will host the 74th IATA annual meeting next June in Sydney. • Grant Bradley travelled to Cancun with the assistance of IATA and Air New Zealand. Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Trending Topics America's Cup latest London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions Latest from Business BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 7 Jun, 2017 2:05pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 7 Jun, 2017 2:05pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 7 Jun, 2017 2:05pm 4 minutes to read BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 7 Jun, 2017 2:05pm 3 minutes to read Latest News Most Read SPORT Dabrowski-Bopanna win mixed doubles title at French Open 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 2 minutes to read WORLD For Sam Elliott, 'The Hero' sums up his life, career nicely 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 5 minutes to read WORLD UN Syria envoy visits Russia at 'delicate' time 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 2 minutes to read WORLD Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am Quick Read SPORT From Warriors to ABs for bolter Laumape 8 Jun, 2017 2:43pm 5 minutes to read LIFESTYLE Why you should never dry clothes indoors 8 Jun, 2017 1:39pm 2 minutes to read WORLD Will Trump survive bombshell? 8 Jun, 2017 3:04pm 5 minutes to read SPORT Lions bring in big guns to face Crusaders 8 Jun, 2017 6:05pm 2 minutes to read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Currency converter: Amount: From this currency: New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Australia Dollars (AUD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) To this currency: Australia Dollars (AUD) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) Convert Trending in Business BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 6:31pm 4 minutes to read Auckland Airport's boss downplayed criticism that new charges are "unjustifiably high". BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 8 Jun, 2017 8:48pm 3 minutes to read The Government's flagship Ultra-Fast Broadband project is now exceeding expectations BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 8 Jun, 2017 5:13pm 3 minutes to read Palmerston North gets the pies in Goodman Fielder rejig National Business Sport Property World Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Technology
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Harris producing sonobuoy launch equipment for Boeing by Richard Tomkins Washington (UPI) Jun 1, 2017 Harris Corporation is supplying Boeing with sonobuoy launching equipment for use by P-8A anti-submarine aircraft. The Poseidons -- 49 in all -- are to be flown by the U.S. Navy in addition to the military forces of Australia and Britain, Harri Corporation said. "The P-8A will be at the center of the U.S. and its allies' anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare missions for the foreseeable future," said Ed Zoiss, president of Harris Electronic Systems. "Harris technology dramatically improves on existing sonobuoy launching capabilities, helping to enable this important mission." Harris said it will supply single-shot and rotary launchers capable of deploying up to 10 sonobuoys. Other specifics about the lightweight, pneumatic launchers and the monetary value of the contract were not disclosed. Tweet Vietnamese coast guard receives former U.S. vessel Washington (UPI) Jun 1, 2017 A former High Endurance Cutter of the U.S. Coast Guard, the Morgenthau, was recently transferred to the Coast Guard of Vietnam during a ceremony in Hawaii. The U.S. Embassy in Hanoi said the ship, which is being renamed CSB 8020, is expected to improve the Vietnam Coast Guard's capacity to perform maritime law enforcement operations, search-and-rescue missions and humanitarian operation ... read more Related Links Naval Warfare in the 21st Century Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Russia nears deal to sell air-defence system to Turkey U.S. firms tout missile defense test As NKorea threat grows, US plans next anti-ICBM test in 2018 Lockheed Martin Wins $46 Million for Infrared Missile Warning Satellite Lockheed awarded contract for extended range air-to-surface missiles Raytheon contracted for testing of joint standoff weapon Lockheed Martin drops out of over-the-horizon missile competition Iran says it has built third underground missile factory Australia to acquire small unmanned aerial vehicles Australia buys AeroVironment Wasp AE for new small UAV program Drone vs. truck deliveries: Which create less carbon pollution? UAS Update with NSR Analyst Prateep Basu Airbus further extends channel partner program for military satellite communications in Asia Radio communications have surprising influence on Earth's near-space environment Navy receiving data terminal sets from Leonardo DRS European country orders Harris tactical radios BAE Systems integrates motion sensors in GXP software European country orders Elbit ground intel systems Boeing awarded $1B contract for Redesigned Kill Vehicle Orbital ATK supplying Army with .50-caliber ammunition US approves $1.4 bn slice of massive Saudi arms deal India approves new defence policy to boost local companies BAE receives contract for Royal Australian Navy SATCOM upgrades Trump military budget proposal aims to increase readiness Germany will have to pull its troops from key base in Turkey: Gabriel Montenegro becomes NATO's 29th member Trump backs Saudi-led efforts to isolate Qatar Leaked documents show US vote hacking risks Nanosized silicon heater and thermometer combined to fight cancer Ultrafast nanophotonics: Turmoil in sluggish electrons' existence Stanford scientists use nanotechnology to boost the performance of key industrial catalyst Researchers create first significant examples of optical crystallography for nanomaterials Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Space race or cosmic cooperation? China strongly calls for the latter 2017-06-07 06:35:30 GMT2017-06-07 14:35:30(Beijing Time) Xinhua English Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and deputy director of China's manned space program office, makes a speech during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. (Xinhua/Chen Yehua) Wu Ji, director of the National Space Science Center under the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), delivers a speech at a plenary meeting during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. (Xinhua/Cheng Yehua) Wu Yanhua (3rd R), vice director of China National Space Administration, poses for a group photo with cooperative partners during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. (Xinhua/Chen Yehua) Liu Shiquan, vice president of China Aesospace Science & Industry Crop., delivers a speech at a plenary meeting during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. (Xinhua/Chen Yehua)  BEIJING, June 7 (Xinhua) -- China is looking towards increased cooperation with international space leaders, it stressed Tuesday at the Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) currently being held in Beijing. In a letter of congratulations sent to the conference by Chinese President Xi Jinping, he said that China wants to enhance cooperation with the international community in peaceful space exploration and development. Xi noted that progress in space science and technology will benefit people around the world and China wants to use space exploration achievements to create a better future for mankind. "China is expanding cooperation with the United Nations (UN) in space exploration, and will disclose projects later this year," said Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and current deputy director of the China Manned Space Engineering Office. The country has previously undertaken bilateral cooperation with various countries and institutions and is now looking towards multilateral projects. China will carry out joint projects with the UN Office of Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) including astronaut training, space station scientific experiments and multilateral application of such experiments, said Yang. "Rather than a space race, I think cooperation is always good and worldwide cooperation is even better. I hope we can breach Earth's crises by having worldwide cooperation in space," said Jan Woerner, director general of the European Space Agency (ESA). "We should not try to duplicate everything, and if we join forces we can do even more with the same amount of money," he added. The conference, which ends Thursday, was jointly held by the International Astronautical Federation (IAF) and the Chinese Society of Astronautics and follows the GLEX 2012 conference held in Washington D.C. International space engineers and delegates from leading aerospace companies including Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Airbus attended the conference. SPACE ODYSSEY Although China has completed many successful space exploration projects, the country's space expeditions are far from over. At the conference, Yang said that China plans to use a Long March-5 carrier rocket to launch the core module of the country's manned space station in 2019 and build a space station around 2022. With the International Space Station set to retire in 2024, the Chinese space station will offer a promising alternative, and China will be the only country with a permanent space station. China National Space Administration (CNSA) held a ceremony to recognize and thank the ESA and four countries, namely the Netherlands, Germany, Saudi Arabia and Sweden, for their participation in the Chang'e-4 lunar exploration to the far side of the moon which will be launched in 2018. Liu Jizhong, director of the CNSA's China Lunar Exploration and Space Engineering Center said that later this year China plans to send the Chang'e-5 lunar probe to the moon to collect samples, marking the third step in its lunar program. He said that China is looking to offer cooperation opportunities in investigating the lunar south pole region, setting up an international moon village and carrying out experiments including energy supply. Liu added that in accordance with the principle of "openness and cooperation, sharing both risks and achievements," China will create an open platform for cooperation enabling other countries to participate. COOPERATION UNDERWAY China has always advocated win-win cooperation between nations and it introduced the notion of building a community of shared destiny in late 2012. To create peaceful cooperation in outer space, China has signed agreements with over 30 countries and organizations, including Russia, Kazakhstan, Germany, France, the ESA and UNOOSA. China's contribution to the international space industry has included helping over 20 countries and regions with 50 launches, and exporting satellites to nine countries. Scientific innovation was a central topic at the recent Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, with China proposing a Belt and Road Science, Technology and Innovation Cooperation Action Plan. China also voiced its willingness to carry out more projects with Belt and Road countries in various fields, including satellite launches, maritime navigation and archaeological studies to enable more countries to benefit.     | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Science Science News NASA Picks 12 New Astronauts From Crush of Applicants  Associated Press, 08 June 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Photo Credit: NASA/ Robert Markowitz Highlights NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest applicants pool There are seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in NASA corps NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, "America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. US astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it "may be a little unclear" what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. "We're just happy to be here," he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space - vicariously - as part of the team working with NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. "We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks," NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: - Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the US Naval Academy. - Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. - Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. - Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. - Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. - Warren "Woody" Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. - Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. - Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. - Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. - Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. - Dr. Francisco "Frank" Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. - Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: NASA, NASA Astronaut Class of 2017, NASA 2017 Astronauts, Science Xiaomi Redmi 4A to Go on Sale Today via Amazon India Facebook Launches Features to Connect US Users to Elected Officials NASA Picks 12 New Astronauts From Crush of Applicants     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Y7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) ZTE V870 Oppo R11 Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi LG X500 Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 8.0 ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Nokia 6 Tech News in Hindi Moto Z2 Play लॉन्च हुआ भारत में, जानें कीमत आ रहा है Reliance Jio 4जी फ़ीचर फोन, स्पेसिफिकेशन और कीमत लीक iPhone 6 हुआ सस्ता, फादर्स डे के मौके पर फ्लिपकार्ट ने दिया ऑफर Latest Videos 03:01 iOS 11 First Look 01:06 Corsair One Compact Desktop PC First Look 00:59 Gigabyte Aero 14, Aero 15 First Look 22:32 Protect Yourself From Ransomware 04:26 Fight WannaCry With These Tips More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Chinese Smartphone Maker iVoomi to Expand Manufacturing Capacity in India Nokia Android Smartphones Launching in India Next Week, HMD Confirms Nokia 9 Could Have a 6GB RAM Variant Too, Benchmark Listing Tips Assassin’s Creed Origins Setting and Editions Leaked Here Are the Apple Design Awards Winners for 2017 Britney Spears' Instagram Photo Hid a Russian Malware Link in Plain Sight Uber Using Loophole to Avoid UK Tax, Undercut Rivals Xbox Scorpio Release Date Possibly Revealed in E3 2017 Teaser More News TRENDING OnePlus 5 Will Sport 8GB of RAM, Amazon Source Code Reveals Flipkart Offers iPhone 16GB at Rs. 21,990 in Father's Day Promotion Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE Feature Phones' Specifications, Price Leaked Moto Z2 Play With Moto Mods Support Launched in India OnePlus 5 May Cost Much More Than Previous OnePlus Offerings iPhone 7 Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee Xiaomi Redmi 4A to Go on Sale in India Today Einstein's Theory Confirmed in Measure of Distant Star's Mass Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 63° Full Menu 63° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:31 Boeing 757 cockpit to land on side of museum for flight exhibit Pause 1:08 First public look inside Hunley submarine since it sank in the 1800s 0:52 Miss South Carolina USA honored at State House 1:29 Lizard's Thicket on Elmwood Renovating 0:37 Taylor Street hit and run caught on camera 1:52 'Wear Orange' event honors lives lost 1:33 What businesses spend and get for lobbying SC lawmakers 1:29 Transitions program for homeless Midlands young adults 0:35 Hammond's proposed renovations 1:10 Using "ping-pong balls" of fire to start controlled burns Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Local June 08, 2017 12:01 AM Boeing 757 cockpit to land at EdVenture in Columbia Video by Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Columbia children’s museum, EdVenture, is getting a new look on the outside, thanks to a grant from NASA and the new exhibit “Flight.” A Boeing 757 cockpit will be installed on the second-story outside wall overlooking the Columbia Canal, the museum announced. Friday morning the cockpit will be hoisted into place with a crane and attached to the building with 20-foot steel beams in advance of the exhibit’s mid-July opening. When the exhibit is complete, children will be able to sit in the pilot’s seat and look out of the cockpit, test their own wings in a windtunnel and fly in flight simulators. IF YOU WANT TO GO: When: 7 a.m., June 9, 2017 Where: EdVenture, 211 Gervais Street, Columbia, SC 29201 Boeing has three major South Carolina facilities, including a final assembly facility for the 787 Dreamliner and a plant that fabricates, assembles and installs systems for rear fuselage sections of the Boeing 787. Robbie Escue of D&T Steel works on welding steel beams that will be used to attach the 757 fuselage to the side of the EdVenture Children's Museum. The cockpit will be the centerpiece of a new aerospace education display at the museum. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com Robbie Escue of D&T Steel works on welding steel beams that will be used to attach the 757 fuselage to the side of the EdVenture Children's Museum.The cockpit will be the centerpiece of a new aerospace education display at the museum. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com The fuselage of a salvaged 757 is being prepared to be attached withsteel beams to the side of EdVenture Children's Museum. The cockpit will be the centerpiece of a new aerospace education display at the museum. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com Stephen Seals of D&T Steel works on beams that will be used to attach the 757 fuselage to the side of the EdVenture Children's Museum.The cockpit will be the centerpiece of a new aerospace education display at the museum. Tracy Glantz tglantz@thestate.com 1 of 4 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:31 Boeing 757 cockpit to land on side of museum for flight exhibit Pause 1:08 First public look inside Hunley submarine since it sank in the 1800s 0:52 Miss South Carolina USA honored at State House 1:29 Lizard's Thicket on Elmwood Renovating 0:37 Taylor Street hit and run caught on camera 1:52 'Wear Orange' event honors lives lost 1:33 What businesses spend and get for lobbying SC lawmakers 1:29 Transitions program for homeless Midlands young adults 0:35 Hammond's proposed renovations 1:10 Using "ping-pong balls" of fire to start controlled burns Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago Boeing 757 cockpit to land on side of museum for flight exhibit 2:31 8 hours ago Boeing 757 cockpit to land on side of museum for flight exhibit 1:08 20 hours ago First public look inside Hunley submarine since it sank in the 1800s 0:52 2 days ago Miss South Carolina USA honored at State House View More Video Local Hunley submarine’s interior revealed after years of restoration Black troops far more likely to face military punishment in every service branch Columbia Fashion Week: Look cool, stay cool this summer These elected officials plan to give up their pay so employees can get raises Suspected bank-robber-in-drag nabbed in NC Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Nasa chooses 12 new astronauts and some may be going to Mars one day  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Nasa chooses 12 new astronauts and some may be going to Mars one day PUBLISHED : Thursday, 08 June, 2017, 6:59am UPDATED : Thursday, 08 June, 2017, 6:59am Comments:   Associated Press Share PrintEmail Nasa chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation’s next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They’ve worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. “It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done,” said Nasa’s acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at Nasa’s Johnson Space Centre in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump’s congratulations and noted the president is “firmly committed to Nasa’s noble mission, leading America in space.” Pence assured the crowd that Nasa will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the programme. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1-½ years ago. That’s more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the Nasa corps. US astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in Nasa’s Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. Trump and Nasa in rare agreement of manned flight to Mars and beyond SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He’s also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. “Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design,” Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it “may be a little unclear” what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. “We’re just happy to be here,” he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn’t be happier as he showed the latest hires their “new office” in a video. “It’s a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view.” Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with Nasa’s Curiosity rover on Mars. “We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks,” Nasa Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is Nasa’s 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include US citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: — Navy Lt Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the US Naval Academy. — Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. — Air Force Lt Colonel Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. — Navy Lt Cmdr Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. — Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a Nasa research pilot at Johnson Space Centre. — Warren “Woody” Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. — Dr Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. — Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. — Marine Major Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. — Loral O’Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. — Dr Francisco “Frank” Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. — Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. SCMP Today: Intl Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Job cuts at Singapore Airlines following ‘radical review’ 2 Hong Kong puts brakes on Uber in its road map for the future 3 Why China’s gays and lesbians are still stuck in the closet 4 Unlike US, united EU won’t be a pushover, China told 5 Chinese censor targets online entertainment news Shared 1 Job cuts at Singapore Airlines following ‘radical review’ 2 Why China’s gays and lesbians are still stuck in the closet 3 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits 4 Drug mule caught in China ‘built suitcases out of 10kg of cocaine’ 5 Hong Kong puts brakes on Uber in its road map for the future Commented 1 Lesbian couple’s Hong Kong visa battle backed by major banks 2 Hong Kong puts brakes on Uber in its road map for the future 3 Job cuts at Singapore Airlines following ‘radical review’ 4 Pan-dems move to impeach CY Leung for UGL probe intervention 5 12 dead in Islamic State suicide bomb, gun attacks in Tehran Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like China How the Gulf row is blocking China’s new Silk Road 6 Jun 2017 - 11:56am 24 Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Laptop ban could cost US$3.3 billion a year, airline industry says 6 Jun 2017 - 11:48pm 15 The Taper Building: Luxury apartments in London's garden suburb Brought to you by JLL China Studying in China? Law, culture, language classes now compulsory 6 Jun 2017 - 10:04pm 28 Hong Kong Hundreds have died building Hong Kong, but no one goes to jail 5 Jun 2017 - 10:56am 23 Companies Feuds among Hong Kong’s wealthiest families may undo benefit of kinship 6 Jun 2017 - 8:56am 13 Hong Kong Air China flight in near miss with mountain on Lantau Island 6 Jun 2017 - 12:31am 42 Asia US diplomat to Hong Kong says the country will continue to be a key player in Asia-Pacific Jun 6th 2017, 9:37pm Business Office sauna: co-working spaces with Chinese characteristics 5 Jun 2017 - 8:00am 1 The new age of Hong Kong dating: hunting hook-ups, going halves 6 Jun 2017 - 5:31pm 13 China How a history of divisive tactics has made EU suspicious of China 5 Jun 2017 - 10:00am 12 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
nzherald.co.nz Business Friday, 09 June 2017 Sign into your NZ Herald Register here Find out more My News Your news how you want it. On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later. Find out more Register now NZ Herald  > Business New Zealand Regional News Sport Business Property Technology World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Rural Driven Motoring News Video Photos Puzzles & Quizzes Classifieds Crime Politics Health News NZ Herald Focus Infographics Property Weather NZH Local Focus The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today Rotorua Daily Post Wanganui Chronicle Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Golf Motorsport Sailing Hockey Tennis Bowls UFC Boxing Athletics Triathlon Racing American Sports Small Business Business Opinion Personal Finance Currency Table Economy Business Travel Deloitte 200 Property Herald Homes True Commercial Spy TV Movies Books Music Culture Sideswipe Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Relationships Wellbeing Pets & Animals Bite Viva Canvas Horoscopes Africa Americas Asia Australia Europe Middle East NZ Travel Pacific Sudoku Codecracker Crosswords Wordsearch Daily quizzes Super Rugby All Blacks Lions Tour Rugby Champs NPC Six Nations Black Caps Domestic Cricket F1 V8 Rallying NZ Motorsport Indycar Motorcycling Speedway NASCAR Drifting Driven Motoring Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trending Topics America's Cup racing London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions tour Weather Weather Home Kaitaia Whangarei Dargaville Auckland Thames Tauranga Hamilton Whakatane Rotorua Tokoroa Te Kuiti Taumarunui Taupo Gisborne New Plymouth Napier Hastings Dannevirke Whanganui Palmerston North Levin Paraparaumu Masterton Wellington Motueka Nelson Blenheim Westport Reefton Kaikoura Greymouth Hokitika Christchurch Ashburton Timaru Wanaka Oamaru Queenstown Dunedin Gore Invercargill NZME Network NZ Herald The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay Of Plenty Times Rotorua Daily Post Hawke's Bay Today Wanganui Chronicle The Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Viva Bite Spy Driven Motoring True Commercial The Country NZ Herald Insights Chinese Herald NewsPix WatchMe iHeart Radio GrabOne follow NZ herald on: Newstalk ZB The difference is opinion From breaking news to debate and conversation, we bring NZ the news as it happens. Grab One Grab life by the deals Do more of the things you love, and get more of the things you need, for less. About NZME Help & Support Contact Us Subscribe to NZ Herald Manage Your Subscription NZ Herald Digital Edition Advertise with NZME Book Your Ad Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017 NZME. Publishing Limited Breaking news: Mexico protects ancient temple while hotel is built above 8 Jun, 2017 11:05am Quick Read Preschool fined $254K for funding claims 8 Jun, 2017 1:24pm Quick Read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. BUSINESS Nasa chooses 12 new astronauts with ultimate destination goal being Mars 8 Jun, 2017 11:48am 5 minutes to read × The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. Photo / Nasa Other Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Nasa chose 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said Nasa's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at Nasa's Johnson Space Centre in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted the president is "firmly committed to Nasa's noble mission, leading America in space." Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Pence assured the crowd that Nasa will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the programme. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1-½ years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the Nasa corps. US astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in Nasa's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it "may be a little unclear" what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. "We're just happy to be here," he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space - vicariously - as part of the team working with Nasa's Curiosity rover on Mars. "We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks," Nasa Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is Nasa's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include US citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12 - Navy Lt Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the US Naval Academy. - Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. - Air Force Lt Colonel Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. - Navy Lt Cmdr Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. - Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a Nasa research pilot at Johnson Space Centre. - Warren "Woody" Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. - Dr Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. - Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. - Marine Major Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. - Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. - Dr Francisco "Frank" Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. - Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Trending Topics America's Cup latest London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions Latest from Business BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 8 Jun, 2017 11:48am 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 8 Jun, 2017 11:48am 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 11:48am 4 minutes to read BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 8 Jun, 2017 11:48am 3 minutes to read Latest News Most Read SPORT Dabrowski-Bopanna win mixed doubles title at French Open 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 2 minutes to read WORLD For Sam Elliott, 'The Hero' sums up his life, career nicely 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 5 minutes to read WORLD UN Syria envoy visits Russia at 'delicate' time 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 2 minutes to read WORLD Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am Quick Read SPORT From Warriors to ABs for bolter Laumape 8 Jun, 2017 2:43pm 5 minutes to read LIFESTYLE Why you should never dry clothes indoors 8 Jun, 2017 1:39pm 2 minutes to read WORLD Will Trump survive bombshell? 8 Jun, 2017 3:04pm 5 minutes to read SPORT Lions bring in big guns to face Crusaders 8 Jun, 2017 6:05pm 2 minutes to read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Currency converter: Amount: From this currency: New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Australia Dollars (AUD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) To this currency: Australia Dollars (AUD) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) Convert Trending in Business BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 6:31pm 4 minutes to read Auckland Airport's boss downplayed criticism that new charges are "unjustifiably high". BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 8 Jun, 2017 8:48pm 3 minutes to read The Government's flagship Ultra-Fast Broadband project is now exceeding expectations BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 8 Jun, 2017 5:13pm 3 minutes to read Palmerston North gets the pies in Goodman Fielder rejig National Business Sport Property World Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Technology
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper WATCH LIVE: Ex-FBI director Comey testifies before Congress about conversations with Trump  World Pittsburgh native chosen as a new astronaut The Associated Press | Wednesday, June 7, 2017, 9:30 p.m. AFP/Getty Images NASA chose these 12 women and men as the agencys new astronaut candidates. Pictured are, front row (L-R) Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Robb Kulin, Jessica Watkins, Loral O'Hara; back row (L-R) Jonny Kim, Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Woody Hoburg, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, and Raja Chari. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 0 minutes ago CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA chose Pittsburgh native Warren “Woody” Hoburg as one of 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. Hoburg graduated from North Allegheny in Wexford and earned a bachelor's degree in aeronautics and astronautics from MIT. He continued on to earn a doctorate in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkeley. He is a private pilot and has extensive experience with wilderness search and rescue efforts. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. “It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done,” said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is “firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space.” Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, “America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel,” Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. “Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design,” Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it “may be a little unclear” what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. “We're just happy to be here,” he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their “new office” in a video. “It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view.” Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. “We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks,” NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the other 11: — Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Wash., a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. — Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Va., a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. — Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. — Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colo., department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. — Bob Hines of Harrisburg, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. — Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. — Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, Calif. — Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, N.Y., who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Ariz. — Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. — Dr. Francisco “Frank” Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colo. — Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colo., a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, Calif. More Nation/World Comey's testimony to put uncomfortable spotlight on Trump Polls open in UK election after campaign marred by attacks 'Serial' star seeks new trial Openings statements set in murder retrial of Ohio officer Raise your right hand: Congressional hearings have a high-stakes history TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending For one Duquesne nursing student, graduation became 'worst experience' of her life Gorman: Evgeni Malkin speaks up for Penguins Chad Kuhl solid before Pirates bullpen falters vs. Orioles  Featured Photography Newborn elephant at the Pittsburgh Zoo A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live What we know about Comey's testimony Soon: Comey testifies on Russia investigation before Senate intel panel Soon: Comey testifies on Russia investigation: ABC Radio Houses of Parliament in London on election day Soon: Joint Economic Committee hearing on economic impact of opioid epidemic Day 3 of texting suicide trial in Taunton, Mass. Dow Jones Industrial Average EarthTV hosts 30-day live look of global cities observing Ramadan Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Morning view of Rockaway Beach, NY Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants By marcia dunn, ap aerospace writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla.  Jun 8, 2017, 2:36 AM ET 0 Shares Email Star The Associated Press This undated photo made available by NASA on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 shows the 2017 NASA Astronaut Class at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. From left are Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Jonny Kim, Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Warren Hoburg, Robb Kulin, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, Raji Chari, Loral O' Hara and Jessica Watkins. (Robert Markowitz/NASA via AP) 0 Shares Email NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, "America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ? years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it "may be a little unclear" what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. "We're just happy to be here," he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. "We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks," NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: — Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. — Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. — Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. — Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. — Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. — Warren "Woody" Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. — Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. — Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. — Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. — Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. — Dr. Francisco "Frank" Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. — Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. ——— Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/2017astronauts 0 Shares Email Star Comments " NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants " Retailers tracking shoppers' locations in the real world Companion robots featured at Shanghai electronics show " Russian booster rocket puts US satellite in orbit " India's rising temperatures are already deadly, study shows " S. Korea's ex-health minister guilty of swaying Samsung vote " Mexico protects ancient temple while hotel is built above " Mountain lion kittens near LA die after mother abandons them Seabirds wash up dead on Cape Cod coast stumping scientists " Alleged Russian hack reveals a deeply flawed election system " Comey to testify before Senate panel in 1st public remarks since firing " North Korea blasts Trump as 'silly,' 'ignorant' over Paris Accord withdrawal " Comey's testimony expected to shut down Capitol Hill " North Korea fires suspected cruise missiles after US drills " Cuteness overload floods Instagram feeds with 'squat your dog challenge' " Zoo brings in OB-GYN for humans to deliver baby gorilla " Baby elephant unveiled at Pittsburgh Zoo after early arrival " Overdue library book returned 52 years later with apology note " Man's encounter with shark caught on video " Boy with seizure disorder gets wish, meets April the giraffe and calf " Dog named Bear pulls off home fire rescue, owner says " Couple finds 1963 wedding album in ceiling while renovating home
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 162 -0,6%  Dow 21 176 0,0%  Nasdaq 5 872 -0,1%  Euro 1,1221 -0,3%  ATX P 1 595 -0,5%  EStoxx50 3 558 0,3%  Nikkei 19 909 -0,4%  CHF 1,0859 0,0%  DAX 12 700 0,2%  FTSE100 7 461 -0,2%  Öl 48,0 -0,5%  Gold 1 275 -0,9%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Boeing Aktie [WKN: 850471 / ISIN: US0970231058] Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (groß) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Zertifikate Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Optionsscheine Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Knock-Outs Orderbuch Analysen Historisch 08.06.2017 03:32:44 A A Teilen Drucken Boeing Reportedly Woos United Airlines And Lion In A Bid To Boost Max 10 Launch Tweet (RTTNews) - Boeing Co. (BA) is in talks with United Airlines and at least four other companies as the U.S. planemaker tries to line up initial customers for its 737 Max 10 jetliner and gain ground on a fast-selling Airbus SE model, Bloomberg reported citing people familiar with the matter. The report said the roster of potential buyers of the largest-ever 737, which is expected to launch this month, spans the globe. Initial sales prospects include Indonesia's Lion Mentari Airlines PT, the aircraft-leasing arm of China's development bank, Jet Airways India Ltd. and Copa Holdings SA. The U.S. manufacturer is seeking a groundswell of orders to demonstrate the Max 10's market appeal and strike back at the A321neo, Airbus's largest narrow-body jet, which is capturing trans-continental routes once dominated by Boeing's out-of-production 757. The Max 10 talks aren't final and Airbus could still try to thwart the sales ahead of the Paris Air Show later this month. Nachrichten zu Boeing Co.mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 11:32 Boeing Chief Says Overseas Plants Won't Hit U.S. Jobs (EN, The Wall Street Journal Deutschland) 11:22 Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions (Reuters Business) 07.06.17 Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet (Reuters Business) 07.06.17 Profit Whether Boeing Moves Up or Down (EN, The Wall Street Journal Deutschland) 07.06.17 Jet Airways interessiert sich für die Boeing 737 MAX 10 (aero.de) 06.06.17 Lion Air ‘may help launch Boeing 737 MAX 10’ (Gulf News) 06.06.17 Lion Air could help launch Boeing 737 MAX 10 - sources (EN, Reuters) 05.06.17 Boeing Sues Canada. Is It Making a Huge Mistake? (EN, MotleyFool) Analysen zu Boeing Co.mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 27.04.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 27.04.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 27.04.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 27.04.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 06.10.16 Boeing Outperform Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 23.06.16 Boeing overweight Morgan Stanley 27.04.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 27.04.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 12.01.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 27.10.16 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 28.10.16 Boeing Hold Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 04.07.16 Boeing Neutral JP Morgan Chase & Co. 28.04.16 Boeing Hold Canaccord Adams 28.04.16 Boeing Sector Perform RBC Capital Markets Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Multi Asset Fonds im Praxistest Hypotheken-Darlehen: Österreichischer Immobilienmarkt auf dem Weg zur Preisblase Bitcoin auf Siegeszug Wann geht die Bombe hoch? "Noch Drohpotenziale vorhanden!" Aktien in diesem Artikel Boeing Co. 167,78 0,92% Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Aktien New York Ausblick: Wenig Bewegung - EZB, Comey und Briten-Wahl im Fokus Die Wall Street dürfte am Donnerstag wenig bewegt in den Handel gehen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Edition: International | Online Advert Rate Contact Us Privacy Policy Thursday 08 June, 2017 Breaking News > Breaking News Armed men kill 2 police officers in Ontisha... Trending Topics: Nigeria’s oil belongs to the North – Usman Bugaje Quit notice to Igbo: El-Rufai orders arrest of masterminds NASS wants 2017 hajj fares reduced S/ East Devt Commission Bill passes second reading in senate NLNG unable to account for $15.9bn oil proceeds -NEITI NEWS Agriculture Analysis Defence Matter Diplomat Circuit Education Emergency Update Foreign News Interviews Law National News News Exta BUSINESS Aviation Business Analysis Business Feature Business News Capital Market Commerce and Industry Economy Energy Entreprenuer Money Market Pension & Insurance Property Tax Alert POLITICS Political Analysis Political Interview Politics News COLUMN Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column LIFESTYLE Arts and Culture Book Review From The Pulpit Islam Lifestyle Mother Earth Relationship Strange World Today Woman Tribute Womanwood OPINION Opinion Reporter’s Dairy Tribute Discourse Focus For The Record SPORT Other Sports Sport News ENTERTAINMENT TECH WEEKEND EDITION Home HEALTHY LIVING Metro News Money Sense News Exta Foreign News Page 4 Report Special Report Technology Election Results Published On: Thu, Jun 8th, 2017 Business News | By Peoples Daily Firm to invest $20bn in Nigeria aviation Share This Tags From Suleiman Idris, Lagos A firm, African Aircraft Leasing Company (AALC) has urge the federal government to create enabling environment that will spur more businesses in the Nigeria aviation industry just as it has concluded plans invest $20 billion in various segment of the industry. The firm said the investment is targeted at facilitating the leasing of aircraft for Nigerian operators, setting up of aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul centre, spares parts, logistics and supply and other aggregated services solutions. Executive Director, SpringFountain Infrastructure Limited , Mrs Tokunbo Fagbemi who spoke at the agreement signing ceremony between Boeing Corporation and SpringFountain Infrastructure Limited said the partnership with the United States based aircraft manufacturer will also open the vista of opportunity for Nigerian operators access 200 Boeing aircraft in the next 20 years. She said Nigeria aviation has had a rocky history but has a promising future, affirming that it is time to move the industry forward and not procrastinate. According to her, “This is a major step in moving forward in “the sands of time” to play our role in repositioning Aviation in Africa through our African Aircraft Leasing Project.” “ We have therefore started this journey working with Boeing on the following; African Aircraft Leasing Company (AALC) Aircraft OEM Maintenance Repairs and Overhaul (AOMRO) African Aircraft Spares Parts Centre (AASC), Aggregated Service Solutions Provider (AASP), Our key driver is to provide platforms and systems that will reduce the Cost per Air-seat Kilometre (CASK) of our clients. She explained that “What do we ask from Government is commitment, commitment to increase primary demand for air travel. We need for government to commit today to “take” flying to the masses by making air travel affordable and convenient.” She said “ If Nigeria is to have 44 million passenger departures per annum, it will require over 100 aircrafts to meet this propensity to travel, Nigeria will need more aircrafts. To boost its international including intercontinental flight potential, the airlines have to improve in both the quality and quantity of the aircrafts. In addition, the aircrafts have to be brand new to be at par with competition within Africa at the least. “ We want to work with Government and the aviation industry to bring brand new aircraft which hopefully will bring down the cost of operations for operators and bring down the cost of airfare for passengers in Africa. We therefore call on Government to facilitate the implementation of the Yamoussoukro Declaration (YD) and the African Union Declaration 2063. The Government should work with us to make the Aircrafts’ Ambassadors to African Aviation. Also “ We cannot overemphasize for Government to create a right enabling environment for the African Aircraft Leasing Company (AALC), OEM led MRO centre, African Aircraft Spare Parts Company (AASC) and Aggregated Services Solutions provider to be able to list and trade on the NASD OTC, Nigerian Stock Exchange, Aviation Asset Backed Securities (ABS), Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificates and other innovative tradeable monetary and debt instruments. She said “ Government should provide exemption from certain charges such as customs duties and grant us pioneer status, to create a one stop shop for the processing and issuance of all necessary permits and licenses. The AALC project will need fiscal support from the Government. The importation and clearing of aircraft spares will need to fall under a different customs clearance regime. We will need a special visa regime and dedicated immigration procedure for crew and workmen in the aviation industry. Airport concession fees and other charges will need to be waived or differed for these brand-new aircrafts and especially for the MRO bound aircrafts. Regarding freight, “Freight cargo handling and freight cargo handling procedure will need to be improved. Cargo clearance procedure will need to be harmonised especially for spares as domestic cargo. The Federal Government should work to align Nigeria with international standards on control and compliance with aircraft noise and fuel emission. Government should invest in aviation education, skill building and skill development capacity. Participants also charged the Government should also provide a dedicated space where the MRO could be located. The government should create a Special Economic Free Trade Zone (SEFTZ) for the MRO and the Spare Parts Company. Related News CBN injects $190m into Forex market, opens up market SEC to revoke registration of professionals, experts Aviation pensioners lambast Sirika, accuses him of plans to concession airports facilities to cronies Automotive Council to train youth on modern design Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Tweet Pin It OPINION POLITICS WEEKEND NEWS BUSINESS COLUMN ENTERTAINMENT National News All Rights Reserved | Copyright © 2015 Peoples Media Limited | Design by Peoples Media Web Team
﻿ New flight paths: United Airlines, Air Canada and Delta Air Lines - TTG Asia - Leader in Hotel, Airlines, Tourism and Travel Trade News   Thursday . June 08 . 2017 | HOME | ABOUT US | TTG TRAVEL AWARDS | MEDIA KITS | SUBSCRIBE           Daily News Archives Adam Tan Trade Calendar Blogs TTG Publications TTG ASIA this week TTG Asia ASEAN 50th Anniversary Special Supplement TTG Asia Luxury   Home > Daily News Archives Share | New flight paths: United Airlines, Air Canada and Delta Air Lines June 8, 2017   Here's our weekly roundup of new air routes.     United Airlines flies non-stop between Singapore and Los Angeles United Airlines will introduce a daily flight between Singapore and Los Angeles effective October 29, making it the longest scheduled service operated by any US carrier at 14,000km.   Flight UA38 will depart Singapore’s Changi Airport at 11.00 and arrive at Los Angeles International Airport at 10.15 the same day. The return flight, UA37, will depart Los Angeles at 20.55, arriving in Singapore at 06.50 two days later. Flying time will be approximately 15 hours and 15 minutes eastbound, and 17 hours and 55 minutes westbound.   The route will be serviced a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft, offering a total of 252 seats – 48 United Polaris business class and 204 United Economy, including 88 Economy Plus.   With the launch of new non-stop service between Singapore and Los Angeles, the airline will terminate its Hong Kong-Singapore service on October 27 and Singapore-Hong Kong service on October 28.   Air Canada opens up flights to three Asian cities Progressively from now until July 1, Air Canada will be launching 11 new international services globally, three of which are destinations in Asia – Nagoya, Taipei, and Mumbai.   The four-times weekly service between Vancouver and Nagoya began on June 1. Operated by a Boeing 767-300ER (Rouge), this will be a seasonal route.   Next, the daily flight between Vancouver and Taipei will begin on June 8, utilising a Boeing 787-9 (mainline).   The four-times weekly Toronto-Mumbai flight will only commence on July 1, utilitising a Boeing 787-9 (mainline).   Delta Air Lines launches daily services to Seoul Delta Air Lines has commenced a new daily service between Atlanta and Seoul since June 3.   The flight is operated on an Boeing 777-200LR aircraft featuring 37 lie-flat seats with direct aisle access in Delta One, 36 seats in Delta Comfort+ and 218 seats in the main cabin featuring a nine-abreast seating layout. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Most Popular >   Most Commented > 1. No threat from sharing economy 2. Eleventh hour bookings 3. Better access a work in progress 4. Towards a tipping point? 5. Driving ITB's brand strategy 6. Trade extends help to stranded MISA customers 7. As ILTM China debuts in 2018, ITLM Asia shifts to Singapore 8. Surge pricing worries Asian agents amid Gulf blockade 9. Embattled but unbowed, Philippines' all out to counter negative image 10. Shangri-La to be Chinese ready worldwide by year-end Most Popular >   Most Commented >     Editor's pick >     Towards a tipping point? by Xinyi Liang-Pholsena Driving ITB's brand strategy by Raini Hamdi Better access a work in progress by Prudence Lui Eleventh hour bookings by Barathi Narayan No threat from sharing economy by Prudence Lui   ﻿ Take our poll   Best viewed with Internet Explorer 6 or above at 1024x768 resolution. About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Terms of Use Copyright TTG Asia Media Pte Ltd © 2017 >
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close higher as jitters over Comey testimony ease CNBC Fred Imbert 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL America's fastest growing cities 15 commercial products invented for the military Click to expand Replay Video Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' One of President Donald Trump’s biggest campaign promises has yet to come to fruition. But Trump has a new idea for the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico that might help him keep his promise. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Veuer Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone On the border of China and Kazakhstan, an international free trade zone has become a showpiece of Chinese President Xi Jinping's signature "Belt and Road" Initiative to boost global trade and commerce by improving infrastructure and connectivity. But as Graham Mackay reports, Horgos, the youngest city of China's new Silk Road, is not all it seems. Reuters 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US These nine jobs could be on their way out, based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' occupational outlook data. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: I think the market likes no surprises CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump pitched solar-powered border wall that would 'pay for itself' Veuer0:58 Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Reuters1:48 9 jobs that are quickly disappearing in the US Business Insider2:23 GE factory jobs move from Wisconsin to Canada CNN Money4:31 What gas inventories say about oil supply and demand Bloomberg2:50 Hyperloop One goes from London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes Wochit Tech0:59 Michelle Obama tells Apple: You won't get my money unless you include more women CNBC0:43 How charities need to change to end poverty The Wall Street Journal.2:25 Caesars Entertainment seeing growth in Las Vegas Fox Business4:33 Smart tap aims to serve 'perfect' beer BBC News1:59 Here's where Americans say they waste the most money CNBC0:47 Uber's no good, very bad year so far The Washington Post2:36 Amazon discounts Prime for welfare and food stamps recipients Reuters0:59 Are there 50,000 new coal jobs as EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt claimed? The Washington Post1:07 5 online mistakes that are costing you money The Wall Street Journal.1:43 New Supreme Court case could reshape cellphone privacy laws Newsy0:40 UP NEXT U.S. equities closed higher on Wednesday as investors hoped the testimony from former FBI chief James Comey will be less damaging to President Donald Trump than previously feared. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 188.90 +0.85 +0.45% UnitedHealth Group Inc UNH ▼ 182.38 -1.00 -0.55% Charles Schwab Corp SCHW ▲ 39.32 +0.45 +1.16% Graham Holdings Co GHC ▼ 599.10 -2.05 -0.34% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average rose about 35 points, with Boeing and UnitedHealth contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 advanced 0.15 percent as financials led advancers, but a more than 1 percent drop in energy stocks capped gains. West Texas Intermediate futures for July delivery shed 5.13 percent to settle at $45.72 a barrel after the Energy Information Administration reported a surprise build in crude inventories. The Nasdaq composite outperformed, gaining 0.36 percent. The Senate Intelligence Committee released Comey's full written testimony Wednesday afternoon, at which time the major indexes traded back near session highs. Dow intraday chart (Comey testimony release time circled) © Provided by CNBCSource: FactSet "I would say everything is pretty benign here," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "The fact that we're rising here implies that the market was looking for something more damning." Comey is slated to testify in front of the committee on Thursday and answer questions, marking the first time he publically speaks since being fired from his post. Trump abruptly fired Comey last month. While Comey was FBI chief, Trump allegedly asked Comey to ease off on a probe into Michael Flynn, the former national security advisor. The Washington Post reported Tuesday night that Trump asked his top intelligence official to get Comey to back off on Flynn's investigation. "We'll get a lot of theater for sure, but the market has been able to look through the noise," said Mark Spellman, portfolio manager at Alpine Funds. "Unless we get Comey suggesting the president participated in a criminal activity, the market will look beyond that." The stock market has mostly traded sideways this week as investors hold off on making big bets ahead of Comey's testimony. Maris Ogg, president of Tower Bridge Advisors, said she does not expect a smoking gun to come up with the testimony. "I think that if he indicts Trump, he indicts himself," Ogg said. "After that, I think you have to go back to the underlying fundamentals, which have been good." Equities hit all-time highs recently as Wall Street remained undeterred by most news coming out of Washington. Some investors also believe there is still the possibility that the Trump administration will pass pro-growth policies like tax reform sometime this year. Nevertheless, traditional safe havens have appreciated in value recently. The benchmark 10-year note yield hit its lowest level since Nov. 10 on Tuesday and gold prices hovered near a seven-month high. "It's difficult to reconcile the tepid message from many of the macro barometers with the strength in equities, and we're certainly mindful of this backdrop as the market's weaker seasonal period approaches," Chris Verrone, head of technical analysis at Strategas Research Partners, said in a note Wednesday. Wall Street also looked ahead to a general election in the United Kingdom, with Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party expected to win. However, recent opinion polls show the Conservative's lead narrowing. Elsewhere, the European Central Bank is set to release its latest monetary policy decision on Thursday. While interest rates are expected to remain unchanged, the central bank may cut its inflation forecasts. The euro traded 0.2 percent lower against the dollar at $1.1254. The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency's performance against six major currencies, traded 0.13 percent higher at 96.75. On tap this week: Thursday Earnings: Dell Technologies, JM Smucker, Vail Resorts, Verifone, Cloudera 7:45 a.m. European Central Bank rate decision 8:30 a.m. News conference with ECB President Mario Draghi 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 10:00 a.m. QSS Friday Earnings: Ferrellgas Partners 10:00 a.m. Wholesale trade Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 65° 65° Low 56° High 80° Fri 58° 85° Sat 63° 89° Sun 67° 90° See complete forecast Madison man forced to vacate home after losing court fight with homeowner’s association Posted 7:07 pm, June 7, 2017, by Brian Lawson, Updated at 09:09PM, June 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video HUNTSVILLE, Ala. -- Madison resident Douglas Pegues has been in his Shamrock Drive home for 11 years, but Tuesday he began living in a hotel until he sorts out a court dispute that has pushed him out of that house. A retired Boeing engineer, Pegues has been in a series of court cases with the Shamrock Homeowners Association beginning in 2012. He contends the homeowners’ association covenant that requires dues that began at $50 a month, is only valid if the association establishes “common property” for the neighborhood. Specifically, he argues, a pool and office that haven’t been built. The dispute also includes a complex disagreement about property adjacent to Pegues property and what he was allowed to do with it. After three rounds of lawsuits filed against Pegues, he had succeeded in not having to pay back dues to the association, but was also ordered to pay dues going forward. Another lawsuit filed by the association in 2014 had a different outcome. The association won the case and Pegues was ordered to pay just over $3,000 in dues, interest and fees and $10,000 in attorney’s fees. He appealed, but lost the appeal last year. The homeowner’s association moved to have the judgment paid. It obtained a writ, showing the final judgment, from the Madison County Clerk of Court that was then given to the sheriff’s office. The sheriff began the process of advertising the house for auction, putting a notice in Speaking Out News for three weeks. The association’s attorney Jonathan Watson said Pegues had been informed at each step what was happening to collect the judgment. Pegues said he was shocked when he was notified there was an effort to sell his house. Court records show there was an auction at the courthouse in April and Watson was the only bidder with a $500 bid. Pegues was notified by letter in May that he had 10 days to vacate the property. He owns the house outright, but with the $13,000 judgment unpaid, he had to leave his home in order to preserve his rights to redeem the property. Basically, he has to pay to the outstanding judgment against him in order to return to his home. But Pegues also says the fight isn’t over, he said he’ll settle the judgment and then look at other legal moves. Watson issued a statement to WHNT News 19 on the matter Wednesday: "A lawsuit was filed in 2014, as Mr. Pegues had refused to honor his contractual obligations to the HOA. Every member of the HOA is required, per the Restrictive Covenants, to pay assessment fees and to observe building restrictions. Mr. Pegues did not abide by these terms. “The Association won the lawsuit and acquired a judgment against Mr. Pegues. Mr. Pegues appealed and lost. He has refused to pay and satisfy this judgment. As such, the Association has taken lawful and reasonable action to recover the judgment against Mr. Pegues.  He has been informed and has received notice throughout each stage of this process. He has nonetheless refused to act. “The current situation is the complete result of Mr. Pegues's failure to act. The Association will continue to pursue its rights under the law and pursuant to the restrictive covenants on behalf of its members."       Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Man dies in Florence police custody; investigation underway Sheriff: Disgruntled ex-worker killed 5, then himself Eli Thompson, baby born without a nose, dies at 2 Latest News London attacker’s mom blames internet for radicalizing son Drinking non-cow milk linked to shorter kids, study suggests One final weekend, catch ‘Phantom of the Soap Opera’ Musical in Huntsville Keith Urban wins big at CMT Awards, Underwood makes history News Judge tosses claims against Robert Bentley in lawsuit filed by his former security chief News Judiciary Committee chairman: ‘It’s time’ for Monday’s Bentley impeachment hearing News George Conway, husband of Kellyanne Conway, selected to head civil division of Department of Justice News Cullman-area legislator wants judge punished for temporarily blocking Bentley impeachment probe Shoals Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur executed overnight Huntsville Couple Allegedly Involved in Meth Lab Explosion has a long rap sheet Huntsville Crews demolish home tied to notorious Madison County “cell phone murders” Politics Gov. Bentley wants to toss lawsuit on delayed Senate election News Deputies execute search warrant, seize narcotics in Madison County Politics Alabama Legislature votes to cut appeal time in death penalty cases News Gov. Bentley’s lawyer blasts impeachment investigation, says process has been ‘hijacked’ News Morgan County Sheriff Ana Franklin used $150,000 from prisoner food budget to invest in failed car dealership News Executed inmate’s convulsions put new spotlight on lethal injection drugs Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Sports WebXtra: Carthage running back Keaontay Ingram commits to Texas Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants 2017-06-08T12:53:04Z2017-06-08T12:53:04Z By MARCIA DUNN AP Aerospace Writer CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) - NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, "America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it "may be a little unclear" what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. "We're just happy to be here," he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space - vicariously - as part of the team working with NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. "We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks," NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: - Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. - Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. - Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. - Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. - Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. - Warren "Woody" Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. - Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. - Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. - Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. - Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. - Dr. Francisco "Frank" Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. - Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. ___ Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/2017astronauts Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. AP National News VideoMore>> Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >> Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >> Cosby's accuser stands by her story under cross-examination Cosby's accuser stands by her story under cross-examination The woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and molested her over a decade ago is off the stand after giving little ground during cross-examinationMore >> The woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and molested her over a decade ago is off the stand after giving little ground during cross-examinationMore >>    NationalMore>> Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:22 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:22 GMT A judge has given Republican U.S. Rep.-elect Greg Gianforte until June 20 to appear in Justice Court to face a misdemeanor assault charge against a reporter. More >> A judge has given Republican U.S. Rep.-elect Greg Gianforte until June 20 to appear in Justice Court to face a misdemeanor assault charge against a reporter.More >> WWII veteran's remains return home after missing 74 years WWII veteran's remains return home after missing 74 years Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:21 GMT The body of a U.S. Army airman missing for decades after his plane crashed over India is returning home to be buried alongside his parents in rural Georgia.More >> The body of a U.S. Army airman missing for decades after his plane crashed over India is returning home to be buried alongside his parents in rural Georgia.More >> NY free college tuition program open to student applications NY free college tuition program open to student applications Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:19 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:19 GMT New York state has begun accepting applications for its new tuition-free college program.More >> New York state has begun accepting applications for its new tuition-free college program.More >> Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:18 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:18 GMT Prosecutors are expected to show jurors an earlier deposition in which Cosby said that he routinely gave women pills and alcohol before sexual encounters and gave at least one of them quaaludes, a now-banned sedative.More >> Prosecutors are expected to show jurors an earlier deposition in which Cosby said that he routinely gave women pills and alcohol before sexual encounters and gave at least one of them quaaludes, a now-banned sedative.More >> Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:15 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:15 GMT Former first lady Barbara Bush is celebrating her 92nd birthday on the Maine coast.More >> Former first lady Barbara Bush is celebrating her 92nd birthday on the Maine coast.More >> Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:10 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:10 GMT Alabama is preparing to execute an inmate for the shooting deaths of three fast food restaurant workers during a 1994 robbery.More >> Alabama is preparing to execute an inmate for the shooting deaths of three fast food restaurant workers during a 1994 robbery.More >> Advocate for women and girls wins photojournalism award Advocate for women and girls wins photojournalism award Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:08 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:08 GMT This year's recipient of an award named for an Associated Press photographer killed in Afghanistan is a photojournalist who has highlighted the plight of women and girls enduring cruel practices such as child...More >> This year's recipient of an award named for an Associated Press photographer killed in Afghanistan is a photojournalist who has highlighted the plight of women and girls enduring cruel practices such as child marriage, genital mutilation and acid attacks.More >> Man charged with Oakland warehouse fire deaths to enter plea Man charged with Oakland warehouse fire deaths to enter plea Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:05 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:05 GMT The man blamed for the nation's deadliest structure fire in more than 14 years if the first to appear in court in Northern California on 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter.More >> The man blamed for the nation's deadliest structure fire in more than 14 years if the first to appear in court in Northern California on 36 counts of involuntary manslaughter.More >> Film spotlights Holocaust survivor's search for US soldier Film spotlights Holocaust survivor's search for US soldier Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:02 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:54 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:54:02 GMT A Holocaust survivor's search for a U.S. soldier who comforted him when his Nazi concentration camp was being liberated is the focus of a new documentary.More >> A Holocaust survivor's search for a U.S. soldier who comforted him when his Nazi concentration camp was being liberated is the focus of a new documentary.More >> Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life Under Trump, old deportation orders get new life Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:53 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:53:54 GMT Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 9:53 AM EDT2017-06-08 13:53:54 GMT For years, thousands of immigrants have checked in regularly with federal deportation agents to show they've been following the country's laws even though they don't have a legal right to be here.More >> For years, thousands of immigrants have checked in regularly with federal deportation agents to show they've been following the country's laws even though they don't have a legal right to be here.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report Unichem Labs gains after receiving inspection report from USFDA Board of IVP recommends final dividend Business Standard US stocks drop for second straight day Capital Market  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 10:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfAL ALSO READ Financials push Asian stocks down for second straight day Dow opens above 20,000 for second straight day US stocks drop for third consecutive day Mutual funds buy stocks for eighth straight day Tech, bank stocks set Wall Street for second day of losses Consumer discretionary and Industrials sectors lead the losses U.S. stocks fell for a second session on Tuesday, 07 June 2017 as market sentiment turned jittery ahead of a U.K. general election and uncertainties associated with former Federal Bureau of Investigation boss James Comey's testimony to the Senate later this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 47.81 points, or 0.2%, to end at 21,136.23. The Nasdaq Composite Index slid 20.63 points, or 0.3%, to close at 6,275.06. The S&P 500 dropped 6.77 points, or 0.3%, to close at 2,429.33, with consumer discretionary and industrials leading the losses. Wal-Mart and Boeing were the top Dow decliners. Investors were in a cautious mood as they wait for former FBI director Jim Comey's Senate appearance, the outcome of the U.K. general election, and a policy meeting of the European Central Bank, all on Thursday. The cautious stance in turn bolstered demand for assets perceived as havens such as U.S. Treasurys, gold and the Japanese yen. Haven appetite was also fueled in part on concerns about a diplomatic row between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. However, despite investors' caution, the equity market kept its loss to a minimum throughout most of Tuesday's session. The technology sector played a huge role in keeping the broader market afloat for most of the day. Weakness in the U.S. dollar, with the ICE U.S. Dollar Index edging down by 0.3%, and some losses among U.S. equities, helped to lift investment demand for gold. But this week also has brought a rift between Qatar and other Mideast nations, helping to further boost gold's appeal as a hedge against uncertainty. Gold for August delivery rose $14.80, or 1.2%, to settle at $1,297.50 an ounce. Prices extended their streak of gains into a third-consecutive session and finished at the highest for a most-active contract since 4 Nov 2016. July silver rose 12.9 cents, or 0.7%, to $17.71 an ounce. Oil staged a rebound to settle higher on Tuesday, 06 June 2017 as traders bet that U.S. government data will show a ninth consecutive weekly decline in crude supplies, and concerns surrounding Qatar's diplomatic crisis eased. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, July West Texas Intermediate crude added 79 cents, or 1.7%, to settle at $48.19 a barrel after tapping lows under $47. August Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 65 cents, or 1.3%, to $50.12 a barrel. In a monthly report issued on Tuesday, the EIA raised its production outlook for this year and next. For 2018, it sees average output of 10.01 million barrels a day, up 0.4% from its previous forecast, and for 2017, it forecast 9.33 million barrels a day, up 0.3% from last month's forecast. The government agency also cut its WTI and Brent oil-price forecasts for next year. Among economic report expected for the day, the number of job openings in the U.S. rose in April to a record high, but the pace of hiring slipped to a one-year low in another sign the economy is running out of people with enough skills to fill empty positions. Shares in Apple rose 0.3% after dropping 1% on Monday. That fall came after Apple unveiled its HomePod smart speaker and other new offerings. Tomorrow, investors will receive the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index and April Consumer Credit (consensus $15.0 billion). The two reports will cross the wires at 7:00 ET and 15:00 ET, respectively. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Us Stocks Drop For Second Straight Day | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance US stocks drop for second straight day Consumer discretionary and Industrials sectors lead the losses Consumer discretionary and Industrials sectors lead the losses U.S. stocks fell for a second session on Tuesday, 07 June 2017 as market sentiment turned jittery ahead of a U.K. general election and uncertainties associated with former Federal Bureau of Investigation boss James Comey's testimony to the Senate later this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 47.81 points, or 0.2%, to end at 21,136.23. The Nasdaq Composite Index slid 20.63 points, or 0.3%, to close at 6,275.06. The S&P 500 dropped 6.77 points, or 0.3%, to close at 2,429.33, with consumer discretionary and industrials leading the losses. Wal-Mart and Boeing were the top Dow decliners. Investors were in a cautious mood as they wait for former FBI director Jim Comey's Senate appearance, the outcome of the U.K. general election, and a policy meeting of the European Central Bank, all on Thursday. The cautious stance in turn bolstered demand for assets perceived as havens such as U.S. Treasurys, gold and the Japanese yen. Haven appetite was also fueled in part on concerns about a diplomatic row between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. However, despite investors' caution, the equity market kept its loss to a minimum throughout most of Tuesday's session. The technology sector played a huge role in keeping the broader market afloat for most of the day. Weakness in the U.S. dollar, with the ICE U.S. Dollar Index edging down by 0.3%, and some losses among U.S. equities, helped to lift investment demand for gold. But this week also has brought a rift between Qatar and other Mideast nations, helping to further boost gold's appeal as a hedge against uncertainty. Gold for August delivery rose $14.80, or 1.2%, to settle at $1,297.50 an ounce. Prices extended their streak of gains into a third-consecutive session and finished at the highest for a most-active contract since 4 Nov 2016. July silver rose 12.9 cents, or 0.7%, to $17.71 an ounce. Oil staged a rebound to settle higher on Tuesday, 06 June 2017 as traders bet that U.S. government data will show a ninth consecutive weekly decline in crude supplies, and concerns surrounding Qatar's diplomatic crisis eased. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, July West Texas Intermediate crude added 79 cents, or 1.7%, to settle at $48.19 a barrel after tapping lows under $47. August Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 65 cents, or 1.3%, to $50.12 a barrel. In a monthly report issued on Tuesday, the EIA raised its production outlook for this year and next. For 2018, it sees average output of 10.01 million barrels a day, up 0.4% from its previous forecast, and for 2017, it forecast 9.33 million barrels a day, up 0.3% from last month's forecast. The government agency also cut its WTI and Brent oil-price forecasts for next year. Among economic report expected for the day, the number of job openings in the U.S. rose in April to a record high, but the pace of hiring slipped to a one-year low in another sign the economy is running out of people with enough skills to fill empty positions. Shares in Apple rose 0.3% after dropping 1% on Monday. That fall came after Apple unveiled its HomePod smart speaker and other new offerings. Tomorrow, investors will receive the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index and April Consumer Credit (consensus $15.0 billion). The two reports will cross the wires at 7:00 ET and 15:00 ET, respectively. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US stocks drop for second straight day Consumer discretionary and Industrials sectors lead the losses U.S. stocks fell for a second session on Tuesday, 07 June 2017 as market sentiment turned jittery ahead of a U.K. general election and uncertainties associated with former Federal Bureau of Investigation boss James Comey's testimony to the Senate later this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 47.81 points, or 0.2%, to end at 21,136.23. The Nasdaq Composite Index slid 20.63 points, or 0.3%, to close at 6,275.06. The S&P 500 dropped 6.77 points, or 0.3%, to close at 2,429.33, with consumer discretionary and industrials leading the losses. Wal-Mart and Boeing were the top Dow decliners. Investors were in a cautious mood as they wait for former FBI director Jim Comey's Senate appearance, the outcome of the U.K. general election, and a policy meeting of the European Central Bank, all on Thursday. The cautious stance in turn bolstered demand for assets perceived as havens such as U.S. Treasurys, gold and the Japanese yen. Haven appetite was also fueled in part on concerns about a diplomatic row between Qatar and other Middle Eastern nations. However, despite investors' caution, the equity market kept its loss to a minimum throughout most of Tuesday's session. The technology sector played a huge role in keeping the broader market afloat for most of the day. Weakness in the U.S. dollar, with the ICE U.S. Dollar Index edging down by 0.3%, and some losses among U.S. equities, helped to lift investment demand for gold. But this week also has brought a rift between Qatar and other Mideast nations, helping to further boost gold's appeal as a hedge against uncertainty. Gold for August delivery rose $14.80, or 1.2%, to settle at $1,297.50 an ounce. Prices extended their streak of gains into a third-consecutive session and finished at the highest for a most-active contract since 4 Nov 2016. July silver rose 12.9 cents, or 0.7%, to $17.71 an ounce. Oil staged a rebound to settle higher on Tuesday, 06 June 2017 as traders bet that U.S. government data will show a ninth consecutive weekly decline in crude supplies, and concerns surrounding Qatar's diplomatic crisis eased. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, July West Texas Intermediate crude added 79 cents, or 1.7%, to settle at $48.19 a barrel after tapping lows under $47. August Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 65 cents, or 1.3%, to $50.12 a barrel. In a monthly report issued on Tuesday, the EIA raised its production outlook for this year and next. For 2018, it sees average output of 10.01 million barrels a day, up 0.4% from its previous forecast, and for 2017, it forecast 9.33 million barrels a day, up 0.3% from last month's forecast. The government agency also cut its WTI and Brent oil-price forecasts for next year. Among economic report expected for the day, the number of job openings in the U.S. rose in April to a record high, but the pace of hiring slipped to a one-year low in another sign the economy is running out of people with enough skills to fill empty positions. Shares in Apple rose 0.3% after dropping 1% on Monday. That fall came after Apple unveiled its HomePod smart speaker and other new offerings. Tomorrow, investors will receive the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index and April Consumer Credit (consensus $15.0 billion). The two reports will cross the wires at 7:00 ET and 15:00 ET, respectively. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 8 June 2017 | MYT 6:34 AM Pentagon upgrades assessment of ability to defend against ICBMs by phil stewart WASHINGTON (Reuters) - After a successful May test, the Pentagon has upgraded its assessment of its ability to defend the United States against incoming intercontinental ballistic missiles, like the ones North Korea is attempting to develop, according to a memo seen by Reuters on Wednesday. The conclusion could add to the U.S. military's view that, although much more work remains on missile defence, it is staying ahead of a mounting threat from North Korea, which has declared its intent to develop an ICBM capable of striking the U.S. mainland. Since 2012, the Pentagon's Director of Operational Test and Evaluation had assessed only that the United States had a "limited capability" to defend against a threat like the one from North Korea or Iran using interceptors in the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) programme, managed by Boeing Co. But after successfully intercepting a simulated ICBM last month, the Pentagon office elevated that assessment, the memo, dated June 6, said. "GMD has demonstrated capability to defend the U.S. homeland from a small number of intermediate-range or intercontinental missile threats with simple countermeasures," the memo said. The May 30 missile test, which experts compare to hitting a bullet with another bullet, involved a simulated launch of a type of ICBM from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands. The U.S. military then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The test ended with a head-on strike, resulting in obliteration. It was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM, which the military said was made even more complicated by the use of decoys designed to throw off the interceptor. Previously, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. However, the interceptor technology has been making steady advances. More tests are planned to advance U.S. defence capabilities. Vice Admiral Jim Syring, the director of the Missile Defense Agency, told a hearing in Congress he still felt the defence programme needed improvement, even though his concerns about reliability had been addressed "in large part" in the past five to six years. "It's just not the interceptor, the entire system," he said. "We are not there yet." "We have continued work with the redesigned kill vehicle. We have continued work with the reliability of the other components of the system to make it totally reliable," he said. "We are not done yet." At the same time, he assured he was confident in his ability to defend the United States. The continental United States is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles) but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or farther. Syring said the ballistic missile defence review now underway would look not only at the capability of the current interceptors but whether more were needed. "Where we need to be prudent and constantly vigilant on is what is the capacity increase we can expect from North Korea and what is our capacity needed to meet that threat," he said. (Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom; Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by James Dalgleish) Related Stories You May Be Interested Food, families and flights - anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar IS kills hundreds fleeing Mosul, 80 may have died in air strike - U.N. Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq - ministry Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies 5 superpowers that makes mum a hero 6 places you must visit in your lifetime Others Also Read AirAsia Free Seats promotion starts tomorrow Mall treats orphans to fun day out Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skilful France winger Payet advertisement Latest News Malaysian universities surge in world rankings Myanmar journalists campaign for free speech outside Myanmar trial Boko Haram attack on Nigerian city of Maiduguri kills 14 people, say police Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq - ministry Food, families and flights - anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar Most Viewed in News Woman in Uber driver molest case detained Uber driver who allegedly molested woman remanded AirAsia female pilots take Naelofar Hijab to the skies SUPP man injured after attackers splash liquid on him Team probing cadet officer's death to report to Hishammuddin EAIC hearing: Balamurugan was 'shivering terribly', says cop Indonesian football club players score with 'harmonious' goal celebration Najib: Prasarana generated RM13.3bil in economic returns last year Myanmar's military finds crashed plane, bodies Sg Buloh-Kajang MRT fully operational by July 17 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Live: Comey hearing Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges ‘Cloud’ over Trump is now a full-blown thunderstorm Transgender principal Asa Sevelius shares powerful message in Brookline Dan Shaughnessy: Piling on Red Sox pitcher David Price makes no sense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Meet NASA’s 12 new astronauts — selected from 18,300 applicants E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Michael Ciaglo/Houston Chronicle via AP Twelve new astronaut candidates are introduced at the Johnson Space Center in Houston on Wednesday. By Marcia Dunn Associated Press  June 07, 2017 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation’s next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They’ve worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. Advertisement ‘‘It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done,’’ said NASA’s acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump’s congratulations and noted that the president is ‘‘firmly committed to NASA’s noble mission, leading America in space.’’ Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, ‘‘America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel,’’ Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That’s more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. Advertisement The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA’s Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He’s also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. ‘‘Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design,’’ Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it ‘‘may be a little unclear’’ what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. ‘‘We’re just happy to be here,’’ he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn’t be happier as he showed the latest hires their ‘‘new office’’ in a video. ‘‘It’s a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view.’’ Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with NASA’s Curiosity rover on Mars. ‘‘We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks,’’ NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA’s 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: — Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. — Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. — Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. — Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. — Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. — Warren ‘‘Woody’’ Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. — Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. — Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. — Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. — Loral O’Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. — Dr. Francisco ‘‘Frank’’ Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. — Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Jun 08, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on June 7, 2017 | Updated 6:20 p. m. Vice President Mike Pence poses for a group photograph with NASA's 12 new astronaut candidates. ASSOCIATED PRESS This undated photo made available by NASA shows the 2017 NASA Astronaut Class at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. From left are Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Jonny Kim, Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Warren Hoburg, Robb Kulin, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, Raji Chari, Loral O' Hara and Jessica Watkins. ASSOCIATED PRESS Vice President Mike Pence delivers remarks during an event where NASA introduced 12 new astronaut candidates. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA chose 12 new astronauts today from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation’s next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They’ve worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. Vice President Mike Pence poses for a group photograph with NASA's 12 new astronaut candidates. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge “It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done,” said NASA’s acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump’s congratulations and noted that the president is “firmly committed to NASA’s noble mission, leading America in space.” Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, “America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel,” Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That’s more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA’s Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. Vice President Mike Pence delivers remarks during an event where NASA introduced 12 new astronaut candidates. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He’s also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. “Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design,” Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it “may be a little unclear” what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. “We’re just happy to be here,” he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn’t be happier as he showed the latest hires their “new office” in a video. “It’s a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view.” Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with NASA’s Curiosity rover on Mars. “We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks,” NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA’s 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: — Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. — Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. — Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. — Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. — Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. — Warren “Woody” Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. — Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. — Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. — Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. — Loral O’Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. — Dr. Francisco “Frank” Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. — Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. Related Items U.S. Naval Academy , National Aeronautics and Space Administration , United States government , U.S. Navy SEALs , U.S. Navy , United States military , Michael Pence , Donald Trump , california , united states , north america , Massachusetts , Anchorage , alaska , houston , texas , florida , colorado , pennsylvania , Miami Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Stocks up as investors hope Comey testimony non-damaging 'The market has been able to look through the noise' Published: 17 hours ago (CNBC) — U.S. equities closed higher on Wednesday as investors hoped the testimony from former FBI chief James Comey will be less damaging to President Donald Trump than previously feared. The Dow Jones industrial average rose about 35 points, with Boeing and UnitedHealth contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 advanced 0.15 percent as financials led advancers, but a more than 1 percent drop in energy stocks capped gains. West Texas Intermediate futures for July delivery shed 5.13 percent to settle at $45.72 a barrel after the Energy Information Administration reported a surprise build in crude inventories. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
64° Subscribe Chicago News Sports Podcasts Politics Entertainment Columnists Opinion Lifestyles Autos Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Jobs Subscribe More Chicago News Chicago’s newest billionaire, 31-year-old Rishi Shah, is self-made Chicago News Judge rules Illinois not in compliance on Medicaid payments Chicago North Side aldermen turn up the heat on water main contractor Chicago News Cosby’s accuser stands by her story under cross-examination Chicago S&P warns of junk status with no budget by July 1 Chicago News Infant’s decomposing body found in Dolton shed Chicago For immigrant crime victims, police block path to win special visas Business Small business owners ‘excited’ to win neighborhood jump-start grants Chicago News Herbert Kent’s daughter is contesting her father’s will Chicago News Chicago cop couple’s mysterious deaths under investigation Chicago News Back News Home Crime Education Opinion Transportation Business Chicago Sneed Feature Stories The Watchdogs Homicide Watch Koschman Weather Sports Back Sports Home Rick Morrissey Rick Telander White Sox Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs Outdoors High School Sports Colleges Fire Steve Greenberg Ladd Biro Dale Bowman Jeff Agrest Podcasts Politics Back Politics Home Chicago Springfield Washington Lynn Sweet Entertainment Back Entertainment Home Architecture & Design Art Games Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Rich Roeper Books Things to do Comedy Dance Movies Music Reviews Stage Television Columnists Back Dale Bowman Rick Morrissey Rick Telander Steve Greenberg Dan Mihalopoulos Jeff Agrest Lynn Sweet Rich Roeper Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Neil Steinberg Mark Brown Mary Mitchell Sneed Shia Kapos Opinion Back Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor S. E. Cupp Madeleine Doubek John Fountain Marlen Garcia Jesse Jackson Gene Lyons Phil Kadner Sue Ontiveros Andy Shaw Roger Simon Laura Washington Other Views Lifestyles Back Lifestyles Home Well Travel Horoscopes Relationship Advice Dear Abby Autos Back Autos Home Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Back Classifieds Real Estate Autos Jobs Back Monster Subscribe Back Manage Account Subscriptions Newsletters Today’s E-Paper Paper Finder TV Weekly Order Back Issues NIE More Back Advertise with Us Search Archives Licensing Order Photos Newsroom Internships About Us Contact Us About Native Ads Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Sponsored Content News 37 Illinois companies make the Fortune 500 Business 06/07/2017, 03:20pm Walgreens Boots Alliance is the highest ranked Illinois company on this year's Fortune 500. | AP file photo Sun-Times Staff email The Fortune 500 list released Wednesday included 37 companies based in Illinois. The top five from Illinois: Walgreens Boots Alliance (17th overall) Boeing Co. (24th) State Farm Insurance Cos. (33rd) Archer Daniels Midland Co. (45th) Caterpillar Inc. (74th) Kraft Heinz, which has its headquarters here and in Pennsylvania, ranked 106th overall and is listed as a Pennsylvania company by Fortune. The food company’s $26.5 billion of revenue ranked it 10th among Illinois companies on the list, just after Deere and before Mondelez. Walmart topped the full list, followed by Berkshire Hathaway, Apple, Exxon Mobil and McKesson. Previously from Chicago News Famed DJ Herb Kent's daughter is contesting her father's will Chicago's newest billionaire, 31-year-old Rishi Shah, is self-made 4 dead, 8 wounded in Wednesday shootings on South, West sides Former Hinsdale South star Josh King could face life in prison Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending chicago news Chicago’s newest billionaire, 31-year-old Rishi Shah, is self-made – Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Famed DJ Herb Kent's daughter is contesting her father's will baseball Short story: Cubs better with Javy Baez at short than Addison Russell? chicago news Former Hinsdale South star Josh King could face life in prison chicago news 4 dead, 8 wounded in Wednesday shootings on South, West sides × Search CAPTION Post to Cancel
Latest News Dow 21,172 -1.81 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,293 -4.77 -0.08% S&P 500 2,431 -1.81 -0.07% 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:57 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Your Digital Self Get email alerts Opinion: A refueling station orbiting the moon could slash the cost of a trip to Mars By Jurica Dujmovic Published: June 8, 2017 7:25 a.m. ET Share Cislunar 1000 foresees people working on the moon and at the fueling station Getty Images A United Launch Alliance Delta 4 rocket in December 2014. By JuricaDujmovic Columnist Ever since humans set foot on the moon almost half a century ago, our closest celestial neighbor hasn’t received much attention. This might soon change. If the United Launch Alliance, equally owned by Boeing Co. BA, +0.26%   and Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.22%  has its way, the moon could become much more than a space race trophy from the Cold War era. Its orbit could host a lunar fueling space station — a pit stop for spacecraft on their way to Mars. The initiative, called Cislunar 1000 vision, is aimed at creating a self-sustaining economy that could support 1,000 people, all living and working at the lunar station and at the base situated on the planet’s surface. Sung Wha Kang (RISD), CC BY-ND An artist’s rendering of a refueling space station. Before going into details, you may wonder why we would ever need a fueling station orbiting the moon. The answer is rather simple: Every rocket launched from Earth needs to escape the planet’s gravitational pull on its way to space. Doing that requires speed over 25,000 miles an hour, which means burning through a lot of fuel. If the spaceship plans to land on Mars, additional fuel is needed. That needs to be aboard the rocket at launch, which further increases its weight, makes it harder to achieve the escape velocity, and translates into higher costs. But if there was a refueling station orbiting the moon, rockets heading to Mars wouldn’t have to carry so much fuel. In fact, taking a detour to the moon to refuel would reduce the mass of a spacecraft upon launch by a stunning 68%, according to MIT scientists. Building these space pit stops (the moon station being just one of the many) would result in a significant long-term cost reduction of the upcoming Mars missions. Mars is between 36 million miles and 250 million miles away from Earth, depending on where the two planets are in their rotation. The moon is 238,900 miles from Earth. Christine Daniloff/MIT What could be the source of fuel? Studies have suggested the lunar soil and water ice within certain moon craters could be mined and converted to fuel (liquid hydrogen) via a fuel-producing plant on the planet’s surface. Filled fuel tankers would then be launched into space, and would enter the moon’s gravitational orbit, ready to be picked up by the spacecraft crew. The fuel would be loaded into the rocket on the fueling space station, and the Mars-bound crew would then continue on their journey. Since the soil on Mars offers the same perks (water ice), a similar station to orbit the red planet would be built later, providing spacecraft with enough fuel for the descent and the eventual return trip. ESA via Getty Images The Echus Chasma is a water source on Mars. The ULA believes this plan may be achievable in approximately 30 years. What do you think about refueling stations in space? What about making a living on one? Would you dare to, if the price was right? Let me know in the comment section. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis AMD’s stock extends surge, fueled by ‘tremendous’ graphics cards demand Related Topics Science and Technology Quote References BA +0.49 +0.26% LMT +0.60 +0.22% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Jurica Dujmovic Jurica Dujmovic is a business publisher, consultant, designer and gamer. MarketWatch Partner Center Jurica Dujmovic Jurica Dujmovic is a business publisher, consultant, designer and gamer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.59 +0.49 (+0.26%) Volume 46702 Open $188.10 High $188.64 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.05 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $277.98 +0.60 (+0.22%) Volume 19335 Open $277.80 High $278.16 Low $277.35 P/E Ratio 21.19 Div Yield 2.62 Market Cap 80.3B
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global $11.21 Billion Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market 2017 - Analysis and Forecasts to 2023 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 15:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market - Analysis and Forecast 2017-2023 - Focus on Product Type, Operating System, Technology and End-Use Application and Region" report to their offering. The CAD market is estimated to reach $11.21 billion by 2023 The overall growth in CAD market is attributed to the superior properties of CAD such as increased productivity, improved product quality, faster development, better visualization of the final product, constituent parts, and sub-assemblies coupled with lower product development cost. The CAD market is driven by a number of factors such as replacement of manual drafts by CAD drafts in end-use industries, cloud synchronization, inspection agencies, and government initiatives in product development process. However, threat of piracy and high cost of implementation of CAD software because of perpetual licensing are expected to hamper the growth of CAD market. Increasing R&D investment in end-use industries, growing demand from emerging economies such as China, Brazil, and India, and development of haptic tools is expected to create opportunities in the global CAD market. 3D design based CAD dominated the global CAD market with the market share of approximately 70% in 2016. 3-D based design offers faster product design deliverables as design cycles are shorter and rationalised. The modernised manufacturing processes displays an enhanced flow of information throughout the product design, delivering higher quality products and uplifting the profit margins. 3D CAD is a step ahead of 2D CAD software, adopted in line with the increasing processing power and graphic displays of computers. The designed products can be viewed and rotated using the three axes - X, Y and Z, via perspectives and isometrics. Windows operating system dominated the global CAD market. Major companies such as Boeing used CATIA, DELMIA, and ENOVIA LCA for the designing of its 777 airline, and 787 series aircraft. CATIA is supported on Windows, UNIX, and Linux among others and is the most widely used CAD product in the end-use industries such as automotive, aerospace, industrial machinery, pharmaceutical, among others for designing of their products. CATIA is one of the leading products in the global CAD market. This is because The CATIA facilitates the complete product development processes from designing to engineering and from styling to systems modelling, within a single integrated platform. Various end-use companies such as FNSS, Eurofighter Typhoon, P3 Voith, Bell Helicopter, Dassault Aviation, Boeing, BMW, Porsche, McLaren Automotive, Chrysler, Honda, Skoda, Bentley Motors Limited, Volvo, Fiat, Benteler International, PSA Peugeot Citroën, Ford, Scania, Hyundai, Tesla Motors, GD Electric Boat, and several other end-use companies have incorporated CATIA for the designing and development of the products. The widespread application of CAD software in automotive accounted for a major share of the global CAD market in 2016. This is because the use of CAD permits the automotive industry manufacturers to design sophisticated parts and components by using advanced tools to detail the designs. The automotive companies such as Ford, GM, Chrysler, Suzuki, Fiat, Mosler, Nissan, Mazda, Honda, PSA, Renault, BMW, Mitsubishi use CAD software such as NX, CATIA, SolidWorks, SketchUp, NX.For instance, Daimler AG used CATIA offered by Dassault Systemes and later in 2010, the company started using NX offered by Siemens. Key Topics Covered: Executive Summary 1 Report Scope and Methodology 2 Market Dynamics 3 Competitive Insights 4 Industry Analysis 5 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Technology 6 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Operating System 7 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Product 8 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by End-use Industry 9 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Region 10 Company Profiles 3D Systems Inc. Advanced Computer Solution Inc. Autodesk Inc. Aveva Group plc. Bentley Systems BobCAD CAM Inc. Bricsys NV Dassault Systemes Hexagon AB Kubotek USA Nemetschek SE PTC Inc. Robert McNeel & Associates Siemens Product Lifecycle Management Software Inc. Trimble MEP For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/svtv7f/global Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-1121-billion-computer-aided-design-cad-market-2017---analysis-and-forecasts-to-2023---research-and-markets-300470488.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 07 Jun, 2017, 15:30 ET Preview: Global Mobile Payment Technologies Market to Reach $2.2 Billion by 2025 - By Purchase Type, Technology, End User & Geography - Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 15:00 ET Preview: Global Electric Bus Market 2017-2025 - Increasing Product Portfolio of Electric Bus Manufacturers - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09:30 ET Research and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 09:30 ET Global Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global $11.21 Billion Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market 2017 - Analysis and Forecasts to 2023 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 15:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Global $11.21 Billion Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market 2017 - Analysis and Forecasts to 2023 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 20:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market - Analysis and Forecast 2017-2023 - Focus on Product Type, Operating System, Technology and End-Use Application and Region" report to their offering. The CAD market is estimated to reach $11.21 billion by 2023 The overall growth in CAD market is attributed to the superior properties of CAD such as increased productivity, improved product quality, faster development, better visualization of the final product, constituent parts, and sub-assemblies coupled with lower product development cost. The CAD market is driven by a number of factors such as replacement of manual drafts by CAD drafts in end-use industries, cloud synchronization, inspection agencies, and government initiatives in product development process. However, threat of piracy and high cost of implementation of CAD software because of perpetual licensing are expected to hamper the growth of CAD market. Increasing R&D investment in end-use industries, growing demand from emerging economies such as China, Brazil, and India, and development of haptic tools is expected to create opportunities in the global CAD market. 3D design based CAD dominated the global CAD market with the market share of approximately 70% in 2016. 3-D based design offers faster product design deliverables as design cycles are shorter and rationalised. The modernised manufacturing processes displays an enhanced flow of information throughout the product design, delivering higher quality products and uplifting the profit margins. 3D CAD is a step ahead of 2D CAD software, adopted in line with the increasing processing power and graphic displays of computers. The designed products can be viewed and rotated using the three axes - X, Y and Z, via perspectives and isometrics. Windows operating system dominated the global CAD market. Major companies such as Boeing used CATIA, DELMIA, and ENOVIA LCA for the designing of its 777 airline, and 787 series aircraft. CATIA is supported on Windows, UNIX, and Linux among others and is the most widely used CAD product in the end-use industries such as automotive, aerospace, industrial machinery, pharmaceutical, among others for designing of their products. CATIA is one of the leading products in the global CAD market. This is because The CATIA facilitates the complete product development processes from designing to engineering and from styling to systems modelling, within a single integrated platform. Various end-use companies such as FNSS, Eurofighter Typhoon, P3 Voith, Bell Helicopter, Dassault Aviation, Boeing, BMW, Porsche, McLaren Automotive, Chrysler, Honda, Skoda, Bentley Motors Limited, Volvo, Fiat, Benteler International, PSA Peugeot Citroën, Ford, Scania, Hyundai, Tesla Motors, GD Electric Boat, and several other end-use companies have incorporated CATIA for the designing and development of the products. The widespread application of CAD software in automotive accounted for a major share of the global CAD market in 2016. This is because the use of CAD permits the automotive industry manufacturers to design sophisticated parts and components by using advanced tools to detail the designs. The automotive companies such as Ford, GM, Chrysler, Suzuki, Fiat, Mosler, Nissan, Mazda, Honda, PSA, Renault, BMW, Mitsubishi use CAD software such as NX, CATIA, SolidWorks, SketchUp, NX.For instance, Daimler AG used CATIA offered by Dassault Systemes and later in 2010, the company started using NX offered by Siemens. Key Topics Covered: Executive Summary 1 Report Scope and Methodology 2 Market Dynamics 3 Competitive Insights 4 Industry Analysis 5 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Technology 6 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Operating System 7 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Product 8 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by End-use Industry 9 Global Computer Aided Design (CAD) Market, by Region 10 Company Profiles 3D Systems Inc. Advanced Computer Solution Inc. Autodesk Inc. Aveva Group plc. Bentley Systems BobCAD CAM Inc. Bricsys NV Dassault Systemes Hexagon AB Kubotek USA Nemetschek SE PTC Inc. Robert McNeel & Associates Siemens Product Lifecycle Management Software Inc. Trimble MEP For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/svtv7f/global Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 07 Jun, 2017, 20:30 BST Preview: Global Mobile Payment Technologies Market to Reach $2.2 Billion by 2025 - By Purchase Type, Technology, End User & Geography - Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 20:00 BST Preview: Global Electric Bus Market 2017-2025 - Increasing Product Portfolio of Electric Bus Manufacturers - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 14:45 BSTResearch and Markets - Global Level Sensors and Switches Market... 14:30 BSTGlobal Dishwasher Market 2017-2021: Product Localization /... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global $11.21 Billion Computer-Aided Design (CAD) Market 2017 - Analysis and Forecasts to 2023 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 07 Jun, 2017, 20:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
SpaceX wins contract to launch secret Air Force space plane - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases SpaceX wins contract to launch secret Air Force space plane Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 2:53 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 5:54 PM EDT SpaceX has won an Air Force contract to launch a secretive, unmanned X-37B space plane later this year. SpaceX has won an Air Force contract to launch a secretive, unmanned X-37B space plane later this year. By Jackie Wattles NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- A major shift in power is underway in the commercial space industry. SpaceX has won an Air Force contract to launch a secretive, unmanned X-37B space plane later this year. The upstart rocket outfit edged out United Launch Alliance -- a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin -- that until recently had a monopoly on United States military launches. But SpaceX has been on a roll with military contracts. Its latest win is the deal announced Wednesday for SpaceX to handle the launch for the fifth X-37B mission, slated for later this year. The most recent X-37B mission was launched by ULA and ended about a month ago, after it spent nearly two years in space. Because the X-37B program is largely a confidential military endeavor, the financial terms of the SpaceX deal were not revealed, and the company declined to comment. SpaceX had to fight for the chance to break up United Launch Alliance's monopoly and land lucrative military contracts. That started in 2014, when SpaceX sued the government, saying the Air Force wasn't giving SpaceX fair consideration when it awarded contracts. The suit was eventually settled, and SpaceX completed its first mission for the Air Force in 2015. The company also signed an $82.7 million military contract last April to send two Air Force GPS satellites into orbit in 2018. Not much is known about the X-37B plane, which launches vertically on a rocket but lands on a runway much like an airplane. We do know it's a project under the defense department's Rapid Capabilities Office -- which works on technology to combat urgent national security threats. The plane will carry more "experimental payloads" on this next launch, according to a statement from Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office director Randy Walden. Specifically, it will carry equipment to test "experimental electronics and oscillating heat pipes" during long trips in space, according to a press release. (Heat pipes can be used on satellites to help regulate their temperature in space.) The Air Force did not say why it chose SpaceX for this launch, but there are a couple reasons why SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket may be more appealing than United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rocket. For one, there's price. SpaceX has been hard at work trying to reuse parts of its rocket in order to bring down the cost of launches. The Falcon 9's sticker price of $62 million is already much lower than that of the Atlas V, which is estimated to cost over $100 million. The deal also serves to keep Russia out of the equation. United Launch Alliance's Atlas V rocket uses Russian-made engines, which has long raised concerns among national security experts. SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket engines are made entirely in the U.S. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
null
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Business Companies After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold After privatisation proposal, AI fleet expansion plans on hold Air India's board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:June 7, 2017 11:08 pm Top News India vs Sri Lanka Live Score, ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Live: India eye quick wickets against Sri Lanka Sridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result Air India’s plans to expand its fleet with new aircraft seems to have hit an air pocket following the NITI Aayog’s proposal to the PMO its total privatisation which made the national carrier’s future course uncertain. Decisions earlier approved by the airline’s board of directors regarding acquisition of newer versions of aircraft are currently “on hold” and tenders for procurement of new planes have been deferred till there is a clarity, an airline source said. Air India’s board of directors had in March approved a proposal to induct seven Boeing 787-9 aircraft in its fleet with the aim to improve connectivity to Canada, the USA and Australia. The airline was planning to float tenders for procuring these aircraft on lease this month, which has now been deferred. “The decision (of floating tenders) is on hold until there is a clarity on the airline’s future,” a top Air India official said. Similarly, plans to procure 10 more ATR aircraft by Air India’s regional arm, Alliance Air, which has been awarded several routes under the Centre’s regional connectivity scheme UDAN, have been put on the back-burner, the official said. Alliance Air currently has 10 ATRs in its fleet and has recently placed orders for leasing of 10 more such planes by the end of this fiscal. As part of its fleet expansion plans, Alliance Air has proposed to take its ATR fleet strength to 30 over a period of time. On the other hand, Air India is also leasing 22 Airbus A320 Neos, of which four have already joined the fleet. According to the source, the airline had planned to issue bids for seven more such planes but now there is uncertainty over these tenders as well. However, as of now, there is no change in plan to take the deliveries of the remaining four of the total 27 Dreamliners (Boeing 787-800s) that the airline had ordered in 2006, which are to be inducted in its fleet between July and October, the source said. The state-owned carrier has a total 103 planes of which 42 are wide-bodied Boeing 777s, 747s, 787s and 61 narrow-bodied Airbus 319s, 320s and 321s. Its low-cost subsidiary Air India Express has 23 Boeing 737s. Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has favoured privatisation of Air India and the civil aviation ministry is looking at all options to make the airline strong and viable. According to Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha, a cabinet note in this regard is likely to be prepared shortly. Air India has piled up over Rs 50,000 crore debt mainly because of high maintenance cost and lease rent. It made an operational profit of Rs 105 crore in the financial year ending March 2016, the first time since the merger of then Air India and Indian Airlines into one entity Air India Limited in 2007. More Top News Deepika Padukone slammed for sharing a hot photo on social media, she replied by posting another one RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% For all the latest Business News, download Indian Express App No Comments. Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India post 321/6 at The Oval PM Modi meets Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev in Astana, will attend SCO Summit OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News Katrina Kaif does some deep sea diving to spread awareness on World Oceans Day, Watch video Believe it or not, halal-certified nail polishes are a thing now Sonam Kapoor’s click from PadMan sets is not just giving a sneak peek but perfect ‘Neerja vibes’ too. See photos Raabta actor Sushant Singh Rajput: I am not a people pleaser BJP government in MP, other states oppressing farmers, poor: Mayawati                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
x Home Search Local News Sports Traffic Weather Podcasts LIVE Radio Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason and Burns Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved Tom Tangney In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Stories Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Tools Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Connect Contests and Events Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach x Share this story... Iconic trestle is a bridge to Eastside trail’s future Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google + Pinterest Email Story FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH Local News Sports Traffic Weather Podcasts Listen Live Menu Latest News Ron and Don Gangs and rising Western Washington gun violence Dave Ross Hillary Clinton already proved a little humility can go a long way Seattle Mariners Mike Zunino hits 2nd HR in 9th to rally Mariners past Twins 6-5 Dori Monson My retirement announcement Brent Stecker Nelson Cruz (calf) held out of lineup for Game 2 of Mariners-Twins Local News More new listings offer little solace for home buyers John Clayton Clayton: George Fant's development at left tackle could lead him back into the Seahawks' starting lineup Dori Monson SoDo arena investor Wally Walker says dream isn't dead Dave Ross Should we pay attention to Trump's twitter during Comey hearing? Brock and Salk Seahawks legend Steve Largent talks forgiveness on Above & Beyond Local News Seattle attorney suing mayor donated to Jenny Durkan campaign Brent Stecker Mariners sign shortstop Jean Segura to 5-year extension Local News Iconic trestle is a bridge to Eastside trail's future Local News Seattle mayor picks Oak View Group's proposal for KeyArena rebuild Local News Housing market is booming, even outside of King County Local News Threats force The Evergreen State College to move commencement ceremony to Tacoma Dave Ross The only real security we have is getting to know our neighbors Local News UW professor: Trump may have provided focal point for opposition Seattle Mariners Robinson Cano, Kyle Seager power Mariners past Twins 12-3 Brady Henderson Seahawks' Doug Baldwin doesn't think Colin Kaepernick's anthem protest is the reason he remains unsigned Seattle Mariners Mariners sellers? Think again as team close to extending Jean Segura Brent Stecker Mariners notebook: Updates on Mitch Haniger, Felix Hernandez, Jean Segura Ron and Don Foster mom update: Burial assured, need continues for thousands of kids Dori Monson Jones Soda: We'd be better off in Canada than Seattle Brady Henderson Seahawks OTA notes: Youthful look on the field with veterans sitting out Ron and Don Effort to ban safe injection sites near halfway to petition goal Local News Report: Cortez Kennedy felt 'dizzy' day before his death Chokepoints Observations from day 2 without the I-90 express lanes Local News Woman fatally shot after party near White Center Local News UW shooting suspect contradicts herself in recorded statement Listen to 97.3 KIRO FM: Live coverage of former FBI Director James Comey's testimony begins at 7 a.m. » Local News Iconic trestle is a bridge to Eastside trail’s future Share   By Feliks Banel June 7, 2017 at 4:13 pm The Wilburton Trestle was originally built in 1904 and is a distinctive landmark on the edge of downtown Bellevue. (Feliks Banel) LISTEN: Iconic trestle is a bridge to Eastside trail's future Your browser does not support the audio element. When Jack Christensen of Edmonds made his first trip across the Wilburton Trestle, the view to the west of what’s now downtown Bellevue was a little different than it is today. “Well, there wasn’t as much there,” Christensen said. “There were a couple of farmhouses, maybe, or small buildings, but Bellevue as we know it now just simply didn’t exist. It was open farmland.” Christensen, 90, made that first trip across the 100-foot tall, roughly 1,000-foot long trestle back in 1944. That was when he first went to work for the Northern Pacific Railroad. “There was a trainman’s walk on one side, but the other side you’re just like suspended in air, you know,” Christensen said. “[But] the Wilburton Trestle was pretty solid. And I don’t recall any apprehension crossing it. It was just part of the trip.” The wooden trestle was built to cross Mercer Slough in the days before the Ballard Locks, which dropped the level of Lake Washington and nearly dried up Mercer Slough. The trestle also served as a link in the regional rail system for more than a century, and it’s now set to once again play an important role in the future of transportation and recreation. Local investors first envisioned a rail line on the east side of Lake Washington around 1890, and the group officially incorporated as the Lake Washington Belt Line Company in 1891 and began buying real estate. The Panic of 1893 and other economic troubles may have led to the project being delayed, and the Northern Pacific eventually acquired the land. It wasn’t until September 1905 that trains between Seattle and Sedro-Woolley in Skagit County began running on the route. When it originally opened, The Seattle Times said the line had been built to bypass the busy rail yards in Seattle. “The belt line was constructed for the purpose of handling through freight to and from points north of Seattle and obviating the necessity for bringing these trains into the congested yards of this city,” a Times reporter wrote on Sept. 13, 1905. The Lake Washington Belt Line went from Black River Junction in Renton to Woodinville over roughly 24 miles of rail. During its heyday in the early to mid-20th century, freight trains ran from Northern Pacific’s big yard in Auburn, up the Lake Washington Belt Line to Woodinville, and then continued north to a yard at Sumas in Whatcom County on the Canadian border. “The Belt Line was pretty handy,” said Jack Christensen. “We had freight trains out of Auburn, we had one to Sumas, and in the 1950s we put the second one on to Bellingham. So we had two trains a day.” Christensen says that in the 1950s, the northbound trains were generally empty boxcars, but the southbound trains brought lumber and coal from Canada. He also says that “through traffic” on the Belt Line — freight using the route to bypass Seattle — had decreased in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but that local industrial customers along the tracks continued to take advantage of the rail service. It was in February 2008 that the last freight train crossed the trestle, delivering parts to the Boeing plant in Renton. From 1992 to 2007, the Spirit of Washington Dinner Train used the trestle as it ran back and forth between the depot in Renton and the Columbia Winery in Woodinville. The death knell for the Belt Line — and for freight trains and the Spirit of Washington along the route — was the widening of Interstate 405 through Bellevue a decade ago. Just north of Interstate 90, the freeway lanes crossed under the tracks through the Wilburton Tunnel, which was built in 1972. It was demolished in August 2008, and the 103-year history of the Belt Line was sliced in half. A year later, through the first of a complex set of real estate transactions, BNSF Railway sold the Belt Line to the Port of Seattle, including tracks between Woodinville and Snohomish that are still in use by trains. Then, a handful of other public agencies bought pieces of the route from the Port for a variety of purposes. Collectively, the old Belt Line right-of-way is now known as the Eastside Rail Corridor, and plans and construction along the route are in various stages of development for bike and pedestrian trails, in some places shared with utilities and, in a few places, light rail. The City of Kirkland owns the nearly six-mile stretch within its borders and has already removed the old rails and converted the route into an “interim trail” known as the Cross-Kirkland Corridor. Kirkland’s project was temporarily halted by a lawsuit in 2013. The suit was filed by rail advocates who wanted to preserve the heavy rail tracks in the corridor, but the City of Kirkland prevailed and the tracks were removed. The City of Redmond owns a four-mile long “spur” from the Belt Line that runs from Woodinville to downtown Redmond. It’s called the Redmond Central Connector, and the paved trail is set to open next month. Sound Transit owns a one-mile stretch in downtown Bellevue (north of the Wilburton Trestle) that will be used by the East Link light rail line that opens in 2023. Geoff Patrick of Sound Transit says that ST3, which was approved last November, includes funding for a light rail route from South Kirkland to Issaquah that will be completed in 2041 and that will likely use part of the corridor. ST3 also funds a study (though not construction) of a route from Bothell to Bellevue which would also likely use the corridor. King County Parks owns the largest portion of the Eastside Rail Corridor — about 16 miles of the route, including five miles that will open to interim use later this year. This includes a one-mile stretch connecting the Cross-Kirkland Corridor to the new 520 Trail, and a four-mile stretch from Gene Coulon Park in Renton to Kennydale Park in Bellevue. “While we get those in place, we’re also moving forward to design a significant section of the trail in Bellevue that includes the Wilburton Trestle,” said Erica Jacobs, a project manager with King County Parks. Jacobs says the Wilburton Trestle, which is currently fenced off, will open to public access in 2020, and a new bridge for pedestrians and bikes will be built across I-405 where the Wilburton Tunnel once stood. Incidentally, both the tunnel and the trestle are named for the community of Wilburton, an early 20th-century logging settlement founded nearby by Manley Wilbur of the Wilbur Lumber Company. “We’re working on the toughest pieces on the most central part of the corridor and taking advantage of opportunities that are arising to coincide with other transportation projects such as Sound Transit’s East Link light rail and WSDOT’s work on 405 … to get some of the key pieces of trail in place sooner rather than later,” Jacobs said. Jacobs says that the Wilburton Trestle came up often during public meetings and that it will be one of the major highlights of the new trail – though it will never carry trains or light rail, as some transportation advocates had wanted. “It will have glorious views of the downtown Bellevue skyline and the surrounding area,” Jacobs said. “We hope to design in little viewpoints, ‘eddies’ … that you can step out into – a little view area, if you will – to get out of the way of the trail [traffic] and still have a place to stop and enjoy that.” Jacobs is also excited about the connections to other pieces of King County 175-mile of regional trail network – Burke-Gilman Trail, Sammamish River Trail, Snoqualmie Valley Trail — that Eastside Rail Corridor will make possible. “[The Eastside Rail Corridor] becomes something that pulls together a network of trails that provide recreation opportunities as well as non-motorized transportation for the Eastside,” Jacobs said. Jacobs adds that there have been concerns expressed by some property owners along the route of the trail, mainly about impacts to parking and privacy, but she says that King County is addressing those specific concerns. “That said, there is widespread support and the communities all along the trail are really embracing the trail, and looking forward to it being an amenity to their community as well,” Jacobs said. As for that name – “Eastside Rail Corridor” – which sounds a little bit on the clinical side, Jacobs says not to worry, that it’s just a placeholder. “What we’re working on as a region is moving toward a collective renaming of it, so it has a name for the trail that resonates, but that also captures the vision that we all originally had for the corridor as one that contains trail, transit, and utilities and is a multiple-use vision for that corridor serving the Eastside,” Jacobs said. Fine. Have your collective effort to capture the vision and make everyone resonate. Or, save time and effort and take this suggestion, free of charge: honor the origin and history of the route by calling it the “Lake Washington Belt Line Trail” or “BLT” for short. More from Feliks Banel Comments   Share   Top Stories SoDo arena investor Wally Walker doesn't believe plan is dead PHOTOS: Oak View Group's KeyArena proposal Video: Lynch speaks about what brought him out of retirement Sponsored Articles 10 ways to eliminate allergens in your home 4 intoxicatingly good wineries to visit in Eastern Washington Sweet or spicy? Delicious homemade bourbon-based BBQ sauce Most Popular Watch: Former FBI Director James Comey's testimony Gangs and rising Western Washington gun violence Hillary Clinton already proved a little humility can go a long way Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle KTTH Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TO INFINITY AND BEYOND Elon Musk’s SpaceX will fly the X-37B, a top-secret space robot, for the US military Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 07, 2017 I want to believe. (AP Photo/Vandenberg Air Force Base) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business June 07, 2017 Now that’s a headline! SpaceX, the upstart rocket maker that went to court for the right to bid on US national security launches and flew its first classified spy satellite to orbit in May, will launch the top-secret X-37B space drone in August, according to US Air Force secretary Heather Wilson. (The news was first reported by Reuters.) The four previous launches of the X-37B have been performed by United Launch Alliance (ULA), a joint venture of Boeing and Lockheed Martin, on Atlas V rockets. ULA, which held a monopoly on US government rocket launches between 2006 and 2016, was expected to continue flying those missions, so the news comes as a surprise. The autonomous craft, which looks quite a bit like the Space Shuttle orbiter but is only about a quarter its size, has attracted attention for its ultra-long stays in space—its last flight lasted 718 days, a record in orbit for a reusable spacecraft. But little is known about what it’s doing up there. Amateur astronomers tracking its position have suggested everything from surveilling Chinese and Russian satellites to, more prosaically and likely, testing new space hardware. The Air Force said its last flight was mostly to test various materials’ long-term resistance to the radiation levels, varying temperatures, and micrometeoroid impacts of space. But there’s likely more going on here, and one thing is for sure: The X-37B’s ability to maneuver while in orbit has geopolitical importance at a time when China and Russia have been demonstrating maneuverable spacecraft that experts say are likely tests of anti-satellite weapons. (One mooted use of the X-37B is capturing satellites for repair or return to earth.) Though the X-37B is technically top secret, the US Air Force makes an awful lot of publicity noise when it takes off and lands—and that’s not an accident. The X-37B, tucked inside the aerodynamic shell that will protect it on its way to space. (US Air Force) The spacecraft launches vertically on top of a rocket, inside of an aerodynamic faring. But it returns to earth like a plane, landing on a runway at Florida’s Kennedy Space Center, where its manufacturer, Boeing, maintains a facility dedicated to the project. The #X37B #OTV4 is the newest and most advanced re-entry spacecraft. Find out more about today's landing here: https://t.co/GUGgOMQiYg pic.twitter.com/HfHHVnWhYc — U.S. Air Force (@usairforce) May 7, 2017 Wilson disclosed the launch contract at a Congressional hearing on June 6, citing the low cost of SpaceX’s launch services, but it is not clear when the contract was awarded. While the news marks a milestone for competition in space launches, Wilson’s testimony also came with a note of gloom about the future of humanity in space. “Clearly, freedom to operate in space is not guaranteed,” Wilson said. “In fact, space is now a warfighting domain, similar to the more familiar air, land, and maritime domains our men and women are fighting in today.” Most Popular The days and nights of Elon Musk: How he spends his time at work and play Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 3 Top Defense Stocks to Buy Now (CW, NOC, COL) The Trump defense boom means big business for these players Jun 7, 2017, 8:30 am EDT  |  By , Zacks Investment Research     View All   The defense industry has experienced quite the boom since President Trump took office. Back in February, he initially unveiled plans to significantly increase federal spending related to national security, stoking a rally in defense stocks. The president is seeking $54 billion to spend on a variety of defense-related systems. Then there’s the multi-billion-dollar arms deal reached just last month with Saudi Arabia. The transaction was a way to both improve a decades-long alliance with the world’s largest oil exporter, as well as to potentially lead to additional sales for other countries in the region. Defense giants Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) — whose technology was part of the agreement — Boeing Co (NYSE:BA), and Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) will all likely benefit. As defense stocks and funds like the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (NYSEARCA:ITA) continue to gain this year, let’s take a look at three top picks for your portfolio. Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Curtiss-Wright Corp. (NYSE:CW) is a global diversified product manufacturer and service provider for the commercial, industrial, defense, and energy markets. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, the company was once the largest aircraft manufacturer in the U.S., but now specializes in actuators, aircraft controls, valves, and surface treatment services. The company is a #2 (Buy) on the Zacks Rank, and growth projections for 2017 look promising. Curtiss-Wright expects earnings to gain 6.7% for the current year, with six positive analyst revisions in the last 60 days and one upward revision in the last seven days, compared to none lower for both time frames. Sales are expected to grow 4.19% in the same time frame. 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Curtiss-Wright has beaten earnings expectations in the last four consecutive quarters, and has an average earnings surprise of 5.11%. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) provides innovative solutions in systems integration, defense electronics, and information technology for the U.S. and international militaries, government and commercial customers as a prime contractor, principal subcontractor, team member, or preferred supplier. Northrop is headquartered in Falls Church, Virginia. Sitting at a #2 (Buy) on the Zacks Rank, Northrop has started off strong in 2017. Both its earnings and revenue figures for the first quarter surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate, and it looks like the rest of the year will continue to see improved growth. Northrop expects year-over-year earnings growth of 11.39% for the current year, and sales growth of about 3.3% for the same time frame; eight analysts have revised their earnings estimates upward in the last 60 days compared to none lower. Northrop also has a history of beating expectations, soaring past consensus estimates over the past four consecutive quarters. The defense contractor has an average earnings surprise of almost 11%. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/3-top-defense-stocks-to-buy-now/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Smart Bullets Market 2022 New Research Study ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Smart Bullets Sales Market Report 2017 The report focuses on Global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 07, 2017 ) Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units) , revenue (Million USD) , market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001824168/sample Global Smart Bullets market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Smart Bullets sales volume, Price (USD/Unit) , revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Lockheed Martin Corporation BAE Systems PLC The Raytheon Company General Dynamics Corporation Thales Group Harris Corporation Boeing Corporation Taser International, Inc Northrop Grumman Corporation Dassault Aviation Textron Defense Systems Browse complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-smart-bullets-sales-market-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units) , revenue (Million USD) , product price (USD/Unit) , market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Smart Bullets for each application, including Airborne Land Naval Get discount on Purchase report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001824168/discount Table of Content 1 Smart Bullets Market Overview 2 Global Smart Bullets Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 3 United States Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4 China Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5 Europe Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6 Japan Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 7 Southeast Asia Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 8 India Smart Bullets (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 9 Global Smart Bullets Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Lockheed Martin Corporation 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Smart Bullets Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 BAE Systems PLC 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 BAE Systems PLC Smart Bullets Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 The Raytheon Company 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Smart Bullets Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 The Raytheon Company Smart Bullets Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 10 Smart Bullets Maufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Smart Bullets Market Forecast (2017-2022) Purchase complete report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001824168/buy/4000 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Things to Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Pride SIFF Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Pride SIFF Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up Art and Performance Summer 2017 Jun 7, 2017 The Best Art Shows in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Amber Cortes, Emily Pothast and Julia Raban Don't miss the mammoth Seattle Art Fair (Aug 3-6), which began in 2015 under the auspices of Paul Allen. Sofie Lee Tweet Find a complete list of art shows and events in Seattle this summer on our Things To Do calendar, or check out the rest of our critics' picks from Seattle Art and Performance. Jump to: Museums | Galleries | Special Events Get all this and more on the free Stranger Things To Do mobile app—available now on the App Store and Google Play. Museums Bellevue Arts Museum Electric Coffin: Future Machine (Through Sept 10): Known for their almost painfully über-hip and high-concept interior-design work that elevates hand-drawn, street-art-inspired murals and Pacific Northwest kitsch to a new level in office spaces and restaurants around the city, Future Machine at Bellevue Arts Museum is Seattle creative design studio Electric Coffin's first foray into the realm of fine art in a museum. Future Machine is an evolving installation that will unfold over seven months of collaborations with artists, industry leaders, technology innovators, nonprofits, and other "creatives." The installation's transformational phases will loosely follow the process of an idea materializing into reality to create "new forms, and functions, and technologies" that embody their vision of the future. AC Cut Up/Cut Out (June 30–Oct 22): Organized by the Bay Area's Bedford Gallery, Cut Up/Cut Out is a traveling survey of international artists using decorative cutting and piercing to transform ordinary materials like paper, plastic, metal, and rubber into astonishing works of art. From the delicate Mexican folk art tradition of papel picado employed by Carmen Lomas Garza to the filigreed oil drums and land mines of Cal Lane, the range of scale, materials, and techniques exhibited make Cut Up/Cut Out a must-see for anyone who loves seeing impressive feats of creative labor. EP Frye Art Museum Amie Siegel: Interiors (Through Sept 3): Working in film and other media, New York artist Amie Siegel creates meticulous, self-aware studies of objects and architectural spaces that investigate the mechanisms behind the accumulation of social and aesthetic value. Her recent work Fetish (2016), filmed at the Freud Museum in London, depicts the annual cleaning of Freud's collection of archaeological artifacts, offering parallels with the process of the excavation of the psyche through analysis. Fetishization is a recurring theme in Siegel's work, from the subject matter to the treatment and presentation of her chosen media, often using physical formats like film to add layers of meaning. EP Storme Webber (Aug 5–Oct 29): Storme Webber is a Two-Spirit First Nations (Alutiiq/Black/Choctaw) interdisciplinary artist, curator, writer, and performer who creates socially engaged texts and images at the intersections of race, class, gender, sexuality, memory, and spirit. Through the exhibition of archival photographs, installation, and experimental storytelling, Webber uses the pre-Stonewall working-class LGBTQ history of the Pioneer Square neighborhood as a point of departure to shed light on the hidden stories of the marginalized people in Seattle's present and past. Expect to see the historical made timeless, and the timeless made tangible. EP Henry Art Gallery Jacob Lawrence: Eight Studies for the Book of Genesis (Through Oct 1): It's been 100 years since American artist Jacob Lawrence was born, and Seattle is celebrating appropriately. Seattle Art Museum's gigantic, unprecedented exhibit of all 60 panels from his Migration Series drew large crowds in the spring, and now there's an exhibit of silkscreen prints at the Henry. These works explore the Genesis creation narrative and are based on Lawrence's experience listening to sermons at the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem. Kraft Duntz featuring Dawn Cerny: Fun. No Fun. (Through Sept 10): For Fun. No Fun, 2015 Genius Award nominee Dawn Cerny and artist/architectural team Kraft Duntz (i.e. David Lipe, Matt Sellars, and Dan Webb) filled the Henry's open lower level gallery with a maze-like structure of staircases, walkways and elevated platforms. It's a playful installation that toys with themes of expectation and disappointment as it simultaneously delights and confounds. EP Doris Totten Chase: Changing Forms (July 8–Oct 1): This summer, the Henry presents the first retrospective of Seattle/New York artist Doris Totten Chase (1923-2008). Chase started out as a painter and sculptor—one of very few women associated with the Northwest School. In 1968, she shot a video of dancers interacting with her sculptures, and soon she was using Boeing's computer imaging technology to produce early and influential computer-generated video art. Chase lived and worked in New York during the '70s and '80s, and today her video and film works are in the collection of MoMA. Now is your chance to see them in the other city Chase called home. EP Museum of Pop Culture (MoPOP) The Jim Henson Exhibition (Ongoing): There was no true show business precedent for Jim Henson's innovative combination of hip, humanist wit, and streamlined puppet design and operation, and there are no true descendants of his ability to hybridize the legacy of vaudeville with the modern possibilities of TV and cinema. Henson's ability to be utterly hilarious, genuinely warm, and actually educational made him a radical figure in the arts, and as Hamlet said about his late father, we shall not look upon his like again—which makes this exhibition of puppets, sketches, storyboards, scripts, photographs, video clips, and costumes from Sesame Street, The Muppet Show, Fraggle Rock, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth (among other Henson projects) an indispensable opportunity to celebrate his genius. SEAN NELSON David Bowie: Starman (Opens July 1): The day after David Bowie died, Stranger music and arts editor Sean Nelson wrote the following: "Bowie's music and presentation calibrated my consciousness to look beyond the obvious, to expect layers, to get that there should be something to get. My feeling for Bowie was never theoretical, as it is with a lot of artists I admire. It was love, though I didn't ever believe that love was returned or acknowledged. Or needed. Which made it the correct response. Such was the power of his charisma, his talent, his utter commitment to the conception and performance of himself." As you wander through this collection of 65 photographs of David Bowie taken by renowned British photographer Mick Rock, rare performance footage, and oral history interviews, you can love David Bowie deeply. Just because you want to. Nordic Heritage Museum Marimekko, With Love (Through July 9): Marimekko is a Helsinki-based company specializing in fabrics, furnishings, and fashion, whose vibrant and cheery patterns rose to fame in the 1950s and '60s (and took off in the United States in 1960, after Jackie Kennedy bought seven Marimekko dresses at once and wore them on the campaign trail). This exhibit will feature Marimekko's significant fabrics and fashions from the '50s through the '70s, in addition to archival material "highlighting the personal stories and social relationships at the heart of the company's international impact." Northwest African American Museum Daniel Minter: Carvings (Through Sept 17): Daniel Minter's whole body of work deals with history, prioritizing cultural iconography whether depicting Blackness in the American South or portraying the African Diaspora across the world. At this exhibit, see Minter's painted woodcarvings and linoleum block prints, created originally for use in children's books. These are the memories and symbols he's passing on to a new generation. Inye Wokoma: An Elegant Utility (Through July 27): Using everyday artifacts from his grandfather's life—a catcher's mask, family photographs, legal ledgers, and old magazines—artist and filmmaker Inye Wokoma has created a poignant sanctuary at the Northwest African American Museum for the enduring legacy of an African American family's daily life in Seattle's (now almost completely gentrified) Central District. Wokoma's work explores the complex space where ancestry, identity, and displacement meet. Now, with An Elegant Utility, Wokoma becomes the artist-as-ethnographer, gracefully recontextualizing his personal and family history into the larger context of structural racism, redlining, and the story of African Americans in Seattle. AC Pacific Science Center Terracotta Warriors of the First Emperor (Through Sept 4): When the first emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, was buried, he wasn't entirely alone—less than a mile from his mausoleum stood a flock of life-size terracotta warriors, offering protection for the afterlife. Eventually they were slowly swallowed by the earth, and went unnoticed for thousands of years...until 1974, when they were rediscovered by local farmers. Since then, a few of the warriors have been on tour (the British Museum in London had its best attendance in 2008, when 12 of the figures and assorted artifacts were displayed there) and now, some of them are at the Pacific Science Center. It's a great chance to learn a little history while observing large, unique, and very old (210 BCE) sculptures. Seattle Art Museum Denzil Hurley: Disclosures (Through Nov 5): UW professor Denzil Hurley creates paintings that are almost sculptural—and perfect for a period in which committed citizens are taking to the streets with signs every other weekend. His monochrome canvases mounted on sticks and poles will challenge the way you think about communication, and how it relates to both artistic expression and the way we interact with the world at large. Look forward to a thoughtful take on signage and meaning conveyed through dark, layered blocks of color. Yayoi Kusama: Infinity Mirrors (June 30–Sept 10): When Infinity Mirrors opened at the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington, DC, in February 2017, it drew more than 32,500 visitors in a week—the museum's greatest attendance for those dates in decades. The show's next stop is Seattle Art Museum, and anticipation is already running high in the city that hosted her first US exhibition 60 years ago. The playful accessibility of Kusama's work, paired with its genuine expression of cosmic wonder, has made her one of the most successful and iconic contemporary artists in the world. Infinity Mirrors promises to be a blockbuster exhibition for SAM and one of the must-see experiences of the summer. EP Tacoma Art Museum Zhi Lin: In Search of the Lost History of Chinese Migrants and the Transcontinental Railroads (June 27–Feb 18): Seattle artist and UW professor Zhi Lin's work has drawn on Chinese-American history to explore uncomfortable truths as well as quotidian realities. Christopher Knight at the Los Angeles Times described some of his work in 2009: "At Koplin Del Rio, most of Lin's landscape drawings are made on sketch-pad-size paper using pencil and thinned Chinese ink. Their modest scale and simple materials yield a sense of the artist sketching on-site, as if taking pictorial rather than written notes of what he sees... Lin could have used a camera (period photographs of the Chinese laborers at work are not scarce), but drawings connect eye to mind to hand in a powerful and thoughtful way." Wing Luke Museum Teardrops That Wound: The Absurdity of War (Through April 15): Portland artist Yukiyo Kawano is a third generation hibaku-sha—a survivor of the 1945 bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Her life-size replica of "Little Boy" (the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima) is crafted from kimono silk and strands of her own hair—containing DNA bearing witness to this history. In Teardrops that Wound, curated by SuJ'n Chon, Kawano's work stands in dialogue with the work of other Asian Pacific American artists who use transformative strategies to deconstruct the horror associated with the imagery of war. EP We Are the Ocean: An Indigenous Response to Climate Change (Through Nov 12): The timely exhibit We Are the Ocean: An Indigenous Response to Climate Change uses art, poetry, and more to explore climate change and water rights from an indigenous perspective—as well as demonstrating the ways in which Pacific communities are leading global environmental conversations. Year of Remembrance: Glimpses of a Forever Foreigner (Through Feb 11): Former Stranger visual art critic Jen Graves wrote that Roger Shimomura's 2009 exhibition Yellow Terror contained "art that he hopes will lose its power." Unfortunately, his work (paintings crowded with snarling Japanese stereotypes, prints about American concentration camps, and collections of racist objects) has become intensely relevant. Shimomura's pop-art social critiques are highlighted alongside Lawrence Matsuda's poetry in Year of Remembrance, a show that fits an impossible amount of history, writing, video, and visual art (centered on Shimomura's and Matsuda's own experiences of internment) in what is essentially two short hallways. There's also a binder stuffed with current news clippings. In this moment, at the Wing Luke, stare straight at an ugly American truth. Remember that Roosevelt is not a perfect liberal hero and that a busy schedule is not an excuse for apathy. Galleries The Alice From Which We Rise (Through June 19): Seattle artist Satpreet Kahlon has explored history, vulnerability, and power through fiber and mixed media—now, she's curated this group show that examines "the legacy of fiber, matriarchal tradition, and craft through intergenerational connectedness." Each of the 15 pieces was crafted by a different artist, and with the intergenerational ties in the show roster itself, the works explore the histories of seven different families. ArtXchange Singularity Now (Through June 24): In Jonathan Wakuda Fischer, Jazz Brown, and Gabriel Marquez's science-fiction visions of the future, the concept of a monumental intelligence, eventually revealed to be love, has inspired artistic reflections on nature and the interconnection of things. Check out their varied and colorful graphic works. BONFIRE Deborah Faye Lawrence (Aug 3–Aug 6): In 2014, Jen Graves wrote, "Lifelong, die-hard leftist Deborah Faye Lawrence tends her politics like a gardener and a folksinger: with her hands and her voice. The Seattle collage artist has an alter ego named Dee Dee, a high-foreheaded pre-modern creature who wreaks subversion across Lawrence's brightly cobbled together landscapes. Together they commandeer and remake maps, histories, and laws written and unwritten in bravura performances—but the means couldn't be more humble, just bits of paper cut and glued to form mandalas, new galaxies." This new exhibit will feature works in which Deborah Faye Lawrence (or Dee Dee) will use "satirical collage as a political and psychological tool." Bridge Productions Angelica Maria Millán Lozano and Sofía Córdova: Thrown (June 8–July 1): angelica maria millán lozano is a fibers and performance artist whose work questions the ethical implications of injustices that affect Latinas in the home, and Sofia Córdova is a new media artist concerned with the problems that face othered bodies in the context of global-industrial capitalism. Curated by Ashley Stull Meyers, Thrown is an exhibition of sonic and sculptural works by both artists, proposing new poetic language for de-colonized, de-gendered utopian futures. EP Gretchen Bennett (July 6–29): Gretchen Bennett is the artist behind Crazy in Love, the large installation on Broadway in 2010 that examined queerness, Beyoncé, femininity, music, and light/dark, as well as color drawings of Kurt Cobain that Jen Graves described as "attempts to salvage bits of real character from the shipwreck of Kurt's destruction, to find something real and lasting in all the glinty reflections left behind." If this exhibit is like her previous work, it will be at once timely and nostalgic, digging into pop culture references to uncover meaning that existed all along but was hard to spot through all the flashbulbs. Patrick Kelly (Aug 10–Sept 2): See dark, oily, and suggestive drawings made from layers of black graphite by artist Patrick Kelly. Fantagraphics Bookstore and Gallery Lightning Snake (June 10–July 5): Cartoonist and zine distributor Jason T. Miles will mark the publication of a new book, Lightning Snake, with a book release party and a gallery exhibition. Gallery4Culture Paul Komada (Through June 29): Paul Komada has worked in a variety of media, including hand-knit yarn and acrylic on canvas, watercolor, photo, and video, thematically tied together by abstraction and an emphasis on process. Interestingly, he managed to add a high-tech, multilayered approach to the soft, pliable world of fiber arts. This exhibit highlights his photographs (layered with chroma-key technology) and audio pieces, which "preemptively memorialize" the Alaskan Way Viaduct. Greg Kucera Gallery ¡Cuidado! The Help (Through July 15): This group exhibition featuring paintings, sculpture, and prints will explore the experiences of Americans who do domestic work, menial assignments, and entry level jobs. The gallery will feature 14 influential artists who deal with politics in their work, including Juventino Aranda, Roger Shimomura, and Kara Walker. They add, "This exhibition is, in many ways, a protest against Donald Trump and his battle against those at the bottom of the economic ladder." Guy Anderson (July 20–Aug 25): This show will feature paintings by very prominent local artist Guy Anderson, known for his work in abstract expressionism and his role as one of the Northwest School artists, otherwise known as "Northwest mystics." Hedreen Gallery And Not Or (Through Aug 12): Every library, like every art collection, contains only a fraction of possible works—a reflection of curatorial choices that decide which narratives get told (or omitted). For And Not Or, a selection of artists (including Wynne Greenwood, Joe Rudko, and Ryan Feddersen) chose artworks from Seattle University's Lemieux Library to be rehoused at the Hedreen Gallery for the duration of the exhibition, to be accompanied by books chosen by artist Abra Ancliffe. In turn, these artists will replace the missing library objects with their own artworks, to be accompanied by "labels" crafted by poet Natalie Martínez. It's a complex maneuver, sparking dialogue about context, inclusion, and interesting accidents. EP Mystical Orchid (Aug 31–Oct 14): Mystical Orchid is an excellent artistic duo (Jueqian Fang and Brit Ruggirello) that can be depended on for artistic splashes of drama and glamour. This show "debuts a new line of therapeutic clothing," and will explore "the intersection of corporate aesthetics and physical, mental, and spiritual self-care." Jacob Lawrence Gallery Untold Passages (July 7–Aug 18): Explore the unwritten histories of immigrant communities at this exhibit that merges poetry, visual art, and history to draw attention to previously repressed stories. Featured artists will include Mary Anne Peters, Zhi Lin, and Rodrigo Valenzuela. Juan Alonso Studio Yadviga Dowmont Halsey (Through June 10): An exhibition of paintings by a woman who has had an illustrious career not only as an artist but also as a scientist. Linda Hodges Gallery Gaylen Hansen: New and Select Work from the Past (Through July 1): See new work as well as old favorites by Northwest artist Gaylen Hansen. Jen Graves wrote the following about Hansen in 2007: "Hansen is 85 years old, lives in Eastern Washington, and describes himself as having grown up in the 'horse age.' His paintings have been categorized as neoexpressionist and endlessly compared with Philip Guston, but they are much more varied and methodical than that makes them sound." Mariane Ibrahim Gallery Mwangi Hutter: Falling in Love, Again. (Through July 21): Mwangi Hutter—born Ingrid Mwangi and Robert Hutter in Kenya and Germany, respectively—are an internationally renowned husband-wife artist team operating as a single entity to reflect on themes of identity and interconnectedness. Their work often incorporates video, installation, and performance, and in the case of this show, big, beautiful, figurative paintings.Their work has been shown across Africa, Asia, Europe, the United States and South America. EP METHOD Amanda McCavour: Room (Through June 10): Amanda McCavour makes embroidered sculptures and installations—often in 3D, often large, and sometimes suspended from the ceiling. Many pieces look nature-inspired, like flowers on vines, swimming jellyfish, and snowflakes. One of her installations is a stitched version of a living room, with each piece of furniture hanging inches off the ground. Markel Uriu: Detritus (Aug 11–Sept 20): Seattle artist Markel Uriu's work includes trippy, dreamlike, nature-inspired sketches and expansive, ever-changing installations featuring live plants. This exhibit, Detritus, will explore "concepts in Buddhism and Wabi Sabi of impermanence, decay, and a resulting wealth of growth." Photographic Center Northwest PCNW 21st Juried Exhibition (Through June 11): Every year, Photo Center Northwest presents a juried exhibition with work chosen from submissions from around the world. This year, the show is juried by Sandra Phillips, Curator Emeritus of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. She's renowned in the Bay Area (and nationally) for her experience in curating photographic collections, and during her time as photography curator at SFMOMA, she helped the museum's photography department become one of the top 10 in the United States. Prographica / KDR Kathy Liao: Lingering Presence (Through July 1): Kathy Liao (who used to live in Seattle, but now teaches painting and printmaking in Kansas City, MO) creates bright and unsettling paintings of people looking at their phones on the bus, FaceTime-ing relatives, and sitting on planes. This show will examine "how physical distance, psychological distance, and now cyber distance are experienced by herself and others." Push/Pull Push/Pull Book Club Annual Show (Through June 13): After several months spent discussing Nisi Shawl's steampunk sci-fi novel Everfair (which imagines an alternative history of the Congo, wherein utopian land bought from King Leopold II attracts native populations of the Congo and escaped slaves from around the world) artists will present work inspired by the book's themes. SOIL Alexis Mata (Ciler), Rene Almanza and Isauro Huizar: Vessel (Through July 1): Vessel offers the chance to get a taste of contemporary art in Mexico, through the work of Isauro Huizar (who commented on consumption by creating a large, pretty sculpture made of used bath soaps—it looks like jewels glued to a canvas), Rene Almanza (who makes tortured and erotic line drawings and paintings), and Alexis Mata (aka Ciler, an artist who makes aggressive, sometimes Pop Art-inspired collages, drawings, and installations). Christopher Buening: New Work (Guerrilla Ceramica) (Through June 30): See a selection of brand-new drawings, paintings, and ceramics by artist Christopher Buening, much of which will be from his project Guerrilla Ceramica (a street art take on ceramics). Buening had a thoughtful, vulnerable show called Hunter < Gatherer at 4Culture in 2015. Jen Graves described one of the featured pieces: "In It Was a Man's World, Buening used white-out to write those words in unmanly cursive on top of a found painting on a slice of wood. It was a man's world his father took him into all those years ago, so the piece is a nostalgic expression of a place from the past. But I also read it as a wish for a time when that past tense will apply to the whole world. A time when the relationships between women, men, and other animals are governed more by love than by power and dominion." Studio E Gallery Robert Hardgrave: Pulp (Through June 17): If you've been following visual art in Seattle for any length of time, chances are you've come across the work of Robert Hardgrave, even if you didn't know it. He works in a variety of 2-D media—painting, drawing, toner transfers, the leftover "pulp" from those transfers—to create a body of work that is as colorful and effusive as it is distinctive. Visually, Hardgrave's style hovers somewhere between ancient petroglyphs and something you might see in a high-end skateboard shop, but like most images, these are things that are better seen than described. Pulp, an exhibition of new work at Studio E Gallery, is your chance to see them for yourself. EP Vermillion Adrien Leavitt: Queer Feelings (June 8–July 8): Adrien Leavitt has been working on this multifaceted project for several years—at this exhibit, see the cumulative results of this wonderful, queer, local, body-positive, sex-positive photography project that celebrates community and vulnerability. Winston Wachter Fine Art Ethan Murrow: The Cowboy (Through June 20): In June 2015, Jen Graves wrote, "So many questions about Boston-based artist Ethan Murrow's drawings at Winston Wächter Fine Art this month. What are those men doing? Who do they work for? Why is there a painting underground? How big is that painting? What is the man inside the painting doing? ... Looking at it, I feel like I'm in a parallel universe where all I get to see of how the world works are these ultimately mystifying details." This new show of Murrow's, The Cowboy, focuses on stories of the American West, each encapsulated in a single picture. Special Events Capitol Hill Capitol Hill Art Walk (Every second Thursday of the month): Every second Thursday, rain or shine, the streets of Capitol Hill are filled with tipsy art lovers checking out galleries and special events. CenturyLink Field Event Center Seattle Art Fair (Aug 3–6): This mammoth art fair began in 2015 under the auspices of Paul Allen. In terms of the quality of art and the enthusiasm of the gallery-goers, it's been a great success, drawing Seattle and West Coast galleries and 18,000 participants. This year's edition will also be immense, with at least 80 galleries representing 25 cities, from as close as Pioneer Square to as far as Seoul, Korea. Seattle exhibitors include Bridge Productions, Foster/White, Greg Kucera Gallery, Davidson Galleries, James Harris Gallery, and Linda Hodges Gallery, among many others. Georgetown Georgetown Art Attack (Every second Saturday of the month): Once a month, the art that resides in the tiny airport hamlet of Georgetown ATTACKS all passersby. In more literal terms, it's the day of art openings and street wonderment. Olympic Sculpture Park Party in the Park (June 24): Kick it with artists, chefs, and Sir Mix-A-Lot in the imposing yet relaxing Olympic Sculpture Park to mark its 10th birthday. In addition to hiphop, soul by Grace Love, and DJing by KEXP's Michele Myers, you can drink your way through artist-designed pop-up lounges and eat fancy snacks and desserts. SAM Remix (Aug 11): SAM Remix is a recurring and ever-changing art party that includes performances, sculpture tours, and dancing. This one promises extra joyful pop trippiness, because it'll be based on the work of Yayoi Kusama, as seen in the new exhibit Infinity Mirrors at SAM. Pioneer Square First Thursday Art Walk (Every first Thursday of the month): Once a month, Seattleites flock to the streets in Pioneer Square for a chance to stroll, sip on booze, and attend as many art openings as possible at First Thursday. It's the city's central and oldest art walk, and takes place in a historic neighborhood known for its abundance of galleries. Wine and hobnobbing will steal the scene for some, but at its core, it's an impressive communal unveiling of new artwork. Get all this and more on the free Stranger Things To Do mobile app—available now on the App Store and Google Play. You might also be interested in these: The Best Things To Do In Seattle: Summer 2017 Art, Performance, Jazz, Classical, Opera, Film, and Literature Picks From The Summer 2017 Edition of Seattle Art and Performance by Stranger Things To Do Staff Anatomy of a Painting: The Gorgeous Specifics and Backstory of Again fulfilling by Mwangi Hutter by Emily Pothast The Best Classical Music & Opera in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Kim Selling and Rich Smith Most Popular in Art and Performance Summer 2017 The Best Jazz Concerts in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Charles Mudede and Kim Selling The Best Classical Music & Opera in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Rich Smith and Kim Selling The Best Art Shows in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Emily Pothast, Julia Raban and Amber Cortes The Best Festivals in Seattle: Summer 2017 Picks from Seattle Art and Performance for June 7-September 5 by Joule Zelman and Kim Selling The Best Things To Do In Seattle: Summer 2017 Art, Performance, Jazz, Classical, Opera, Film, and Literature Picks From The Summer 2017 Edition of Seattle Art and Performance by Stranger Things To Do Staff How to Survive a Summer Music Festival by Chase Burns The Musical Fun Home Is a Must-See by Jessica Fu Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals More... Videos Software Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Videos Software Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Posted in | Aerospace Robotics | Remote Operated Vehicle (ROV) MIT Engineers Design Unpiloted Aerial Vehicles that can Fly Over Longer Durations Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on June 7, 2017 at 10:52 AM Written by AZoRoboticsJun 7 2017 The Jungle Hawk Owl team. CREDIT: Sally Chapman/MIT. When phone and Internet systems across a broad area are disrupted during a natural calamity, communications payloads offering temporary telecommunications coverage to the people in need can be carried by means of autonomous aircraft hovering over the affected area. Yet, these unpiloted aerial vehicles (UAVs), for example, most autonomous surveillance aircraft used by the U.S. Air Force, are normally costly to operate and can fly only for one or two days. Therefore, to offer ample and continued coverage, a number of aircrafts have to land and refuel continuously. This increases the operational costs to thousands of dollars per vehicle, per hour. Engineers at MIT have recently developed a considerably less costly UAV that can fly in air for longer periods of time and offer a broad range of communications coverage. The engineers designed, constructed, and investigated a UAV that looks like a thin glider with a wingspan of 24 foot. The UAV has the ability to carry communications equipment weighing about 10-20 pounds when it flies at an altitude of 15,000 feet. Powered by a 5-horsepower gasoline engine, the UAV, with a weight of only 150 pounds, can remain aloft for more than 5 days. According to the researchers, this period of flight is longer than that of any gasoline-powered autonomous aircraft. The researchers will present the outcomes of their research this week at the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Conference in Denver, Colorado. R. John Hansman, the T. Wilson Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics; and Warren Hoburg, the Boeing Assistant Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics headed the research team. Hansman and Hoburg are co-instructors for MIT’s Beaver Works project, which is a student research collaboration between MIT and the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. A solar no-go Hansman and Hoburg collaborated with MIT students to develop a long-duration UAV under the Beaver Works capstone project, a two- or three-semester course that enables MIT students to design a vehicle that fulfill specific mission requirements, and to construct and investigate their vehicle. With a concept of developing a long-duration UAV that operates on solar energy, the U.S. Air Force contacted the Beaver Works collaboration during spring 2016. The idea then was that a solar-powered aircraft can prospectively remain aloft for an indefinite period of time. Companies such as Google have tested this idea and have developed high-altitude, solar-powered aircraft to provide uninterrupted Internet access to remote and rural areas in Africa. However, the researchers analyzed the concept and scrutinized the practical difficulties from a number of engineering angles, deducing that solar energy will not be suitable for long-duration emergency response. [A solar vehicle] would work fine in the summer season, but in winter, particularly if you’re far from the equator, nights are longer, and there’s not as much sunlight during the day. So you have to carry more batteries, which adds weight and makes the plane bigger. For the mission of disaster relief, this could only respond to disasters that occur in summer, at low latitude. That just doesn’t work. R. John Hansman, Co-Instructor, Beaver Work's Project, MIT The team arrived at their decision by modeling the difficulty with the help of GPkit—a software tool created by Hoburg to enable engineers to find out the ideal design dimensions or decisions for a UAV ‒ with specific mission specifications or constraints. Although this technique is not explicit among initial aircraft design tools, in contrast to those tools that consider only a number of main constraints, Hoburg’s technique enabled the researchers to take into account nearly 200 constraints and physical models at the same time, and also to use them as a whole to develop an ideal aircraft design. This gives you all the information you need to draw up the airplane. It also says that for every one of these hundreds of parameters, if you changed one of them, how much would that influence the plane’s performance? If you change the engine a bit, it will make a big difference. And if you change wingspan, will it show an effect? R. John Hansman,​ Co-Instructor, Beaver Work's Project, MIT Related Stories MicroE Systems Design Miniature Encoder Products to Solve Design Challenges in Robotics Applications SOLIDWORKS Industrial Design Enables Design of Complex 3D Shapes for Future Drones Automation Specialist Festo’s Intuitive Product Design Sets Standards at iF Design Award Framing for takeoff The researchers used their software estimations to deduce that a solar-fueled UAV will not be probable for long-duration flight in any region on the globe. Consequently, they carried out the same modeling for a gasoline-fueled UAV. The team developed a design that was estimated to stay aloft at an altitude of 15,000 feet for more than 5 days, under 94th-percentile winds at any latitude. During fall 2016, the researchers constructed a prototype UAV by using the dimensions deduced by means of Hoburg’s software tool. In order to maintain the weight of the UAV to be lighter, the fuselage and wings of the vehicle were made of carbon fiber, and the tail and nosecone (housing the payload) were made of Kevlar. The UAV was designed such that it can be easily dismantled and placed in a FedEx box, and transported to any disaster-struck place and swiftly reassembled. During spring 2017, the students enhanced the prototype and built a launch system, designing a simple metal frame that can be fixed on a normal car roof rack. The UAV is positioned on the frame while a driver accelerates the launch vehicle, which is a truck or car, up to the rotation speed, that is the ideal takeoff speed of the UAV. During this point, the remote pilot angles the UAV in the direction of the sky, thus automatically releasing a fastener and lifting off the UAV. Early in the month of May 2017, the researchers investigated the working of the UAV by holding flight tests at Plum Island Airport in Newburyport, Massachusetts. At the time of the initial flight investigations, they modified the vehicle to conform to FAA regulations for small unpiloted aircraft, which permit drones weighing less than 55 pounds to fly at low altitudes. They achieved a weight reduction from 150 to less than 55 pounds by just loading it with lesser gasoline and a smaller ballast payload. During the initial investigations, the UAV took off very well, flew around, and landed in a safe way. According to Hoburg, there are specific considerations to be made to investigate the UAV over many days, for example, the need for adequate number of people to observe the aircraft for a longer duration. “There are a few aspects to flying for five straight days,” stated Hoburg. “But we’re pretty confident that we have the right fuel burn rate and right engine that we could fly it for five days.” These vehicles could be used not only for disaster relief but also other missions, such as environmental monitoring. You might want to keep watch on wildfires or the outflow of a river. I think it’s pretty clear that someone within a few years will manufacture a vehicle that will be a knockoff of this. R. John Hansman,​ Co-Instructor, Beaver Work's Project, MIT MIT Lincoln Laboratory partially supported the research. Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoRobotics.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Automated Robots for the Land Mining Industry Matthew Rendall Matthew Rendall, CEO at Clearpath Robotics talks to AZoRobotics about automated robots for the land mining industry. Elderly Care Robot Antonio Espingardeiro Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford talks to AZoRobotics about the P37 S65 Elderly Care Robot. Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo, Medical Director of the Center for Robotic Surgery of Brigham and Women’s Health Care in Boston, Massachusetts talks to Kal Kaur at AZoRobotics about Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy. 6-Axis Nano-Robotics Precision Positioning Stage, PIMars P-562 from PI PI’s 6-Axis nanopositioning stage offers motion in six degrees of freedom with extreme precision. It is utilised for nano-manufacturing and test and inspection of semiconductor processes. From PI (Physik Instrumente) LP TITAN 4 Manipulator Systems from Schilling Robotics, LLC. Hundreds of TITAN 4 manipulator systems are in use worldwide every day. TITAN manipulators are the highest quality system on the market for the dexterity and strength needed to withstand the industry's harsh and repetitive needs day after day. From Schilling Robotics, LLC. Full Body Inspection System(FBIS) from OLYMPUS CORPORATION Using the advantages of the phased array technology, Olympus has designed a powerful inspection system for seamless pipe inspections well-adapted to the stringent requirements of the oil and gas markets. This phased array system is flexible and can be used to match inspection performances and the product requirements of customers. 1 WORX's New Robotic Lawnmower Mows Lawn Without Supervision 2 Kratos Receives Order for High Performance Unmanned Aerial Drone System Aircraft 3 MIT Engineers Design Unpiloted Aerial Vehicles that can Fly Over Longer Durations 4 New Unmanned Mine-Detection System Provides Real-Time Search Data 5 Soft Robotics-Powered Glove to Interact with Virtual Reality Environments 6 Surgeons Perform Robotic-Assisted Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery Using Mazor X System Thought Leaders Application of LEGO-based Robotics in Higher Education: An Interview with Dr. Chris Rogers 3 Apr 2014 New Curriculum for Simulation-based Robotic Surgery: An Interview with Khurshid Guru and Thenkurussi Kesavadas 3 Jun 2013 Elderly Care Robot: An Interview with Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford 11 Mar 2013 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) Energy Storage Technologies (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Life Sciences Useful Links About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals Videos Software Market Reports Courses Events Manufacturers Distributors Consultants Newsletters Become a Member Search The Team Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoRobotics.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
Skip to main content Home Channels CED ECN MDT Mag Wireless Design and Development Wireless Week Topics Aerospace Automotive Civil Engineering Consumer Electronics Design Tools Energy Industrial Automation IoT Manufacturing Materials Military Motion Control Prototyping R&D Recalls Regulation Robotics STEM Wearables Watch Engineering Live Engineering Update Hold Your Batteries Hotspot Tuesdays with Rodger Events ECN Impact Awards RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Subscribe Login Register Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Aerospace Engineers Design Drones that Can Stay Aloft for Five Days Wed, 06/07/2017 - 10:03am Comments by Jennifer Chu, MIT News Office The Jungle Hawk Owl team Image credit: Sally Chapman/MIT In the event of a natural disaster that disrupts phone and Internet systems over a wide area, autonomous aircraft could potentially hover over affected regions, carrying communications payloads that provide temporary telecommunications coverage to those in need. However, such unpiloted aerial vehicles, or UAVs, are often expensive to operate, and can only remain in the air for a day or two, as is the case with most autonomous surveillance aircraft operated by the U.S. Air Force. Providing adequate and persistent coverage would require a relay of multiple aircraft, landing and refueling around the clock, with operational costs of thousands of dollars per hour, per vehicle.  Now a team of MIT engineers has come up with a much less expensive UAV design that can hover for longer durations to provide wide-ranging communications support. The researchers designed, built, and tested a UAV resembling a thin glider with a 24-foot wingspan. The vehicle can carry 10 to 20 pounds of communications equipment while flying at an altitude of 15,000 feet. Weighing in at just under 150 pounds, the vehicle is powered by a 5-horsepower gasoline engine and can keep itself aloft for more than five days — longer than any gasoline-powered autonomous aircraft has remained in flight, the researchers say. The team is presenting its results this week at the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Conference in Denver, Colorado. The team was led by R. John Hansman, the T. Wilson Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics; and Warren Hoburg, the Boeing Assistant Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Hansman and Hoburg are co-instructors for MIT’s Beaver Works project, a student research collaboration between MIT and the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. A solar no-go Hansman and Hoburg worked with MIT students to design a long-duration UAV as part of a Beaver Works capstone project — typically a two- or three-semester course that allows MIT students to design a vehicle that meets certain mission specifications, and to build and test their design. In the spring of 2016, the U.S. Air Force approached the Beaver Works collaboration with an idea for designing a long-duration UAV powered by solar energy. The thought at the time was that an aircraft, fueled by the sun, could potentially remain in flight indefinitely. Others, including Google, have experimented with this concept,  designing solar-powered, high-altitude aircraft to deliver continuous internet access to rural and remote parts of Africa. But when the team looked into the idea and analyzed the problem from multiple engineering angles, they found that solar power — at least for long-duration emergency response — was not the way to go. “[A solar vehicle] would work fine in the summer season, but in winter, particularly if you’re far from the equator, nights are longer, and there’s not as much sunlight  during the day. So you have to carry more batteries, which adds weight and makes the plane bigger,” Hansman says. “For the mission of disaster relief, this could only respond to disasters that occur in summer, at low latitude. That just doesn’t work.” The researchers came to their conclusions after modeling the problem using GPkit, a software tool developed by Hoburg that allows engineers to determine the optimal design decisions or dimensions for a vehicle, given certain constraints or mission requirements. This method is not unique among initial aircraft design tools, but unlike these tools, which take into account only several main constraints, Hoburg’s method allowed the team to consider around 200 constraints and physical models simultaneously, and to fit them all together to create an optimal aircraft design. “This gives you all the information you need to draw up the airplane,” Hansman says. “It also says that for every one of these hundreds of parameters, if you changed one of them, how much would that influence the plane’s performance? If you change the engine a bit, it will make a big difference. And if you change wingspan, will it show an effect?” Framing for takeoff After determining, through their software estimations, that a solar-powered UAV would not be feasible, at least for long-duration use in any part of the world, the team performed the same modeling for a gasoline-powered aircraft. They came up with a design that was predicted to stay in flight for more than five days, at altitudes of 15,000 feet, in up to 94th-percentile winds, at any latitude. In the fall of 2016, the team built a prototype UAV, following the dimensions determined by students using Hoburg’s software tool. To keep the vehicle lightweight, they used materials such as carbon fiber for its wings and fuselage, and Kevlar for the tail and nosecone, which houses the payload. The researchers designed the UAV to be easily taken apart and stored in a FedEx box, to be shipped to any disaster region and quickly reassembled. This spring, the students refined the prototype and developed a launch system, fashioning a simple metal frame to fit on a typical car roof rack. The UAV sits atop the frame as a driver accelerates the launch vehicle (a car or truck) up to rotation speed — the UAV’s optimal takeoff speed. At that point, the remote pilot would angle the UAV toward the sky, automatically releasing a fastener and allowing the UAV to lift off. In early May, the team put the UAV to the test, conducting flight tests at Plum Island Airport in Newburyport, Massachusetts. For initial flight testing, the students modified the vehicle to comply with FAA regulations for small unpiloted aircraft, which allow drones flying at low altitude and weighing less than 55 pounds. To reduce the UAV’s weight from 150 to under 55 pounds, the researchers simply loaded it with a smaller ballast payload and less gasoline. In their initial tests, the UAV successfully took off, flew around, and landed safely. Hoburg says there are special considerations that have to be made to test the vehicle over multiple days, such as having enough people to monitor the aircraft over a long period of time. “There are a few aspects to flying for five straight days,” Hoburg says. “But we’re pretty confident that we have the right fuel burn rate and right engine that we could fly it for five days.” “These vehicles could be used not only for disaster relief but also other missions, such as environmental monitoring. You might want to keep watch on wildfires or the outflow of a river,” Hansman adds. “I think it’s pretty clear that someone within a few years will manufacture a vehicle that will be a knockoff of this.” This research was supported, in part, by MIT Lincoln Laboratory. Related Reads Engineers Design Drones That Can Stay Aloft For Five Days Makerspaces Could Enable Widespread Adoption of Microfluidics Foliage-Penetrating Ladar Technology May Improve Border Surveillance Photo Of The Day: Earth Observing–1 Satellite Is Retired, Leaving A Legacy Of Spectacular Imagery Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with PD&D Facebook Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Digital Editions Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Topics Aerospace Automotive Civil Engineering Consumer Electronics Design Tools Energy Industrial Automation IoT Manufacturing Materials Military Motion Control Prototyping R&D Recalls Regulation Robotics STEM Wearables Advantage Business Media © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Financial Comparison: Avnet (AVT) vs. Arrow Electronics (ARW) Critical Review: Amira Nature Foods (ANFI) versus Lancaster Colony Corp. (LANC) Air Lease Corp (AL) versus H&E Equipment Services (HEES) Head to Head Analysis Intel Co. (INTC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.68 Per Share $9.27 Million in Sales Expected for BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) This Quarter Critical Survey: USANA Health Sciences (USNA) versus Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump Edgewell Personal Care (EPC) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Denison Mines Corp (DNN) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds FCB Financial Holdings (FCB) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Finjan Holdings (FNJN) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Etsy (ETSY) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.05 Enviva Partners (EVA) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.07 Kavi Asset Management LP Purchases Shares of 109,000 Xperi Co. (XPER) Arizona State Retirement System Sells 300 Shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Primecap Management Co. CA Has $138.58 Million Stake in Xencor Inc (XNCR) Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC Acquires New Position in Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Easterly Government Properties Inc (DEA) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Dean Foods Co (DF) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine ValuEngine Lowers Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) to Sell Air Lease Corp (AL) versus H&E Equipment Services (HEES) Head to Head Analysis June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Comparison Articles - Finance Tweet Air Lease Corp (NYSE: AL) and H&E Equipment Services (NASDAQ:HEES) are both transportation companies, but which is the superior stock? We will contrast the two companies based on the strength of their analyst recommendations, earnings, dividends, institutional ownership, risk, profitabiliy and valuation. Earnings & Valuation This table compares Air Lease Corp and H&E Equipment Services’ gross revenue, earnings per share and valuation. Gross Revenue Price/Sales Ratio EBITDA Earnings Per Share Price/Earnings Ratio Air Lease Corp $1.44 billion 2.72 $339.41 million $3.29 11.54 H&E Equipment Services $957.96 million 0.73 $132.74 million $1.04 19.11 Air Lease Corp has higher revenue and earnings than H&E Equipment Services. Air Lease Corp is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than H&E Equipment Services, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. Risk and Volatility Air Lease Corp has a beta of 1.6, indicating that its share price is 60% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, H&E Equipment Services has a beta of 2.44, indicating that its share price is 144% more volatile than the S&P 500. Analyst Ratings This is a breakdown of recent ratings and price targets for Air Lease Corp and H&E Equipment Services, as reported by MarketBeat.com. Sell Ratings Hold Ratings Buy Ratings Strong Buy Ratings Rating Score Air Lease Corp 0 1 5 0 2.83 H&E Equipment Services 0 0 0 0 N/A Air Lease Corp currently has a consensus target price of $44.40, indicating a potential upside of 16.97%. Given Air Lease Corp’s higher probable upside, research analysts plainly believe Air Lease Corp is more favorable than H&E Equipment Services. Dividends Air Lease Corp pays an annual dividend of $0.30 per share and has a dividend yield of 0.8%. H&E Equipment Services pays an annual dividend of $1.10 per share and has a dividend yield of 5.5%. Air Lease Corp pays out 9.1% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. H&E Equipment Services pays out 105.8% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. H&E Equipment Services has raised its dividend for 3 consecutive years. H&E Equipment Services is clearly the better dividend stock, given its higher yield and longer track record of dividend growth. Institutional and Insider Ownership 90.1% of Air Lease Corp shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 76.8% of H&E Equipment Services shares are held by institutional investors. 9.5% of Air Lease Corp shares are held by company insiders. Comparatively, 12.0% of H&E Equipment Services shares are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, endowments and large money managers believe a company will outperform the market over the long term. Profitability This table compares Air Lease Corp and H&E Equipment Services’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Net Margins Return on Equity Return on Assets Air Lease Corp 26.09% 14.83% 3.58% H&E Equipment Services 3.65% 26.28% 2.84% Summary Air Lease Corp beats H&E Equipment Services on 10 of the 16 factors compared between the two stocks. About Air Lease Corp Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus S.A.S. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. The Company also provides fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. The Company provides aircraft to airline customers in various markets, such as Asia, the Pacific Rim, Latin America, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and North America. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 237 owned aircraft and 30 aircraft in its managed fleet portfolio. About H&E Equipment Services H&E Equipment Services, Inc. is an integrated equipment services company. The Company is focused on heavy construction and industrial equipment. As of December 31, 2016, the Company rented, sold and provided parts and services support for four core categories of specialized equipment: hi-lift or aerial work platform equipment; cranes; earthmoving equipment, and industrial lift trucks. The Company’s principal business activities include equipment rentals; new equipment sales; used equipment sales; parts sales, and repair and maintenance services. As of February 16, 2017, the Company had 78 facilities located throughout the West Coast, Intermountain, Southwest, Gulf Coast, Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. The Company rents its heavy construction and industrial equipment to its customers on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The Company sells new heavy construction and industrial equipment. The Company is a distributor of Grove and Manitowoc crane equipment. Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Watch Live Yahoo News coverage of James Comey testimony Katie Couric and guests preview the former FBI director’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee SitRep: BREAKING: ISIS Claims Deadly Tehran Attacks; Qatar Fallout; U.S. Bombs Iranian Militias Paul McLeary Foreign Policy Magazine June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The September vote will at the very least serve as a negotiating chip with Baghdad, sure to fight the departure of the oil-rich province.More   With Adam Rawnsley and Robbie Gramer BREAKING: The Islamic State has claimed credit for two brazen attacks in Tehran on Wednesday. The latest comes from CNN, which reports at least a dozen people have been killed and dozens more wounded. “The violence unfolded at about 10 a.m. local time (2 a.m. ET) when gunmen apparently dressed as women stormed the main gate of the parliament building in central Tehran and opened fire…The attackers took a number of hostages and at least one detonated a suicide bomb.” At the same time, shots were fired and a suicide bomber targeted civilians at the Ayatollah Khomeini mausoleum about 15 miles away. Qatar fallout. Operations at the massive Al Udeid air base in Qatar, which houses over 10,000 U.S. military personnel, appear to be running as normal despite the harsh — and unexpected — economic blockade put in place this week by five other Gulf countries, and president Trump’s Tweeted approval of the move, in which he took credit for the action. Whodunnit. A news story allegedly planted by hackers helped widen the rift between Qatar and its Gulf neighbors, and now the FBI is trying to figure out who may have broken into the Qatar News Agency’s website and posted it. Published last month, the story featured purported quotes from Qatar’s Emir, Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, offering warm words for Iran and Israel. Faced with a backlash from its neighbors, Qatar invited the FBI to investigate the apparent breach. CNN reports that the American investigators believe Russian hackers may have planted the story but the New York Times’s Sheera Frenkel tweets that “CNN’s report doesn’t get the details of this quite right” according to her reporting. That was then…Trump met with al Thani during his visit to Saudi Arabia last month, saying “one of the things we will discuss is the purchase of lots of beautiful military equipment…and for us, that means jobs and it also means, frankly, great security back here, which we want.” Lots of money on the table. There are billions of dollars of military deals on the table, and Trump made no public comments at the time of the meeting over terrorism worries. Still in the pipeline are 32 F-15 fighter planes approved under the Obama administration, a number that could swell to 72 by the time the deal is completed. (FP’s Dan De Luce has the story on the Obama administration’s deliberations over selling the planes to the kingdom, citing its support for terrorist organizations.) There’s still no formal contract with Boeing for the planes, however. Raytheon also announced a $1.1 billion contract for an early warning radar last year, and Qatar has purchased several Patriot air defense units and missiles. A $6.5 billion sale of two Raytheon-built THAAD missile defense system has also been approved, but there’s no firm contract in place there, either. U.S. vs. Iran in Syria. American warplanes bombed an Iranian-backed militia that entered a supposed no-go zone near a U.S garrison in southern Syria on Tuesday. It was the second such U.S. strike in less than a month and signals a growing risk of direct conflict between American and Iranian forces and their partners in Syria. The air raid came after the militia aligned with the Syrian regime and Iran failed to heed a warning to leave the area. The strike came on the same day U.S. and coalition aircraft were busy supporting thousands of Syrian Arab and Kurdish forces assaulting the de-facto Islamic State capital of Raqqa. FP’s Paul McLeary reports: “The Raqqa assault comes even as U.S. officials acknowledge that most of the Islamic State’s leadership has already fled the city for the more isolated Euphrates River Valley running from the city east to the Iraqi border. But military planners have stuck with plans drawn up under the Obama administration and continued under President Donald Trump, predicated on the fall of Mosul and Raqqa before launching an effort to push the terror group out of the valley and Deir Ezzor province.” Colin Kahl, who served as national security adviser to former Vice President Joe Biden, told FP’s Dan De Luce the Iranians appear to covet the border area. He called the episode “a harbinger of dangers to come as U.S. and Iranian-backed forces converge in the lower Euphrates and along the border in the weeks and months ahead.” Ottawa walks away from Trumpism. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland announced Tuesday that in response to the Trump administration’s policies on trade and climate change, Ottawa was going its own way, an unprecedented splintering in the relationship between the two stalwart NATO allies. “To rely solely on the U.S. security umbrella would make us a client state,” she said. “Such a dependence would not be in Canada’s interest.…The fact that our friend and ally has come to question the very worth of its mantle of global leadership puts into sharper focus the need for the rest of us to set our own clear and sovereign course,” Freeland added. Yes, there is a State Department. Heather Nauert, the State Department’s new spokesperson (formerly a Fox News host), gave her first on-camera press briefing Tuesday, the first for the building since April. At times, she paused for 20 to 30 seconds to shuffle through a thick binder of notes before responding to questions, drawing derision from some veteran journalists on social media. But it’s a tough gig. Here’s what she said: On Qatar: Washington only learned of Saudi Arabia’s decision to cut ties with its neighbor “immediately prior” to the move, and then learned of it through the United Arab Emirates — not Riyadh. She also rapped Qatar for not doing enough to stop the bankrolling of terror groups, saying “Qatar has made great efforts to try to stop financing of terror groups…but they still have work to do.” On empty desks: There are still 120 politically-appointed positions unfilled at State, five months into Trump’s term. Nauert said there are plenty of people “moving through the pipeline” but the rigorous security clearance process is holding things up. “It’s going to take these things longer.” Longer than what, we’re not sure. Welcome to SitRep. Send any tips, thoughts or national security events to paul.mcleary@foreignpolicy.com or via Twitter: @paulmcleary or @arawnsley. China Power. The Defense Department has released its annual public report on China’s military, known by its much longer name, “Military and Security Developments Involving the People’s Republic of China 2017.” This year’s report forecasts that China’s second international base after its facility in Djibouti will likely be in Pakistan. The report also concludes that Chinese government hackers are still breaking into the networks of U.S. “diplomatic, economic, and defense industrial base” targets. Running interference. Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats told friends that President Trump asked him to get since-fired FBI Director James Comey to drop the Bureau’s investigation into possible Russian collusion with the Trump campaign, according to the Washington Post. Trump reportedly pulled Coats aside in March after Comey had testified that the FBI was looking at the Trump campaign, making his pitch to Coats for intervention against the probe. Coats later told colleagues he decided against agreeing to Trump’s request. He testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee today on Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act legislation, but lawmakers will likely have other issues on their mind, as well. Investigations. Congress got a tip from an unlikely source hinting that Justice Department special counsel Bob Mueller may be looking into presidential son-in-law and White House advisor Jared Kushner. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday, telling lawmakers, “I think there are numerous investigations that are looking into” Kushner and that he thinks “it’s part of the Bob Mueller investigation.” Kushner has come under press scrutiny for his post-election meeting with former Russian Federal Security Service spy turned banker Sergey Gorkov. Hazards. Suspected Houthi militants fired rocket propelled grenades at an oil tanker off the coast of Yemen last year, USNI News reports. Pentagon officials tell the news outlet that militants fired the weapons from skiffs, aiming at a tanker sailing under a Marshall Islands flag. The incident took place in the vicinity of an incident late last year when Houthi militants fired anti-ship cruise missiles at guided missile destroyer USS Mason. Fallout. Nearly a month after Turkish security personnel assaulted a crowd of demonstrators protesting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the House of Representatives passed a resolution on Tuesday to condemn the attacks. The resolution, passed by a 397-0 margin, calls out the Turkish security detail and pro-Erdoğan protesters for their efforts to “brutally attack the demonstrators” and calls on the State Department to ask Turkey to waive diplomatic immunity for those involved so they can be prosecuted.     Photo Credit: MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Mom loses 107 lbs to spite husband and mistress who called her fat 3,562 reactions15%57%28% James Comey testifies at Senate hearing 8 reactions0%82%18% Live coverage: James Comey Senate testimony 275 reactions3%72%25% Confession of LeBron: 'I'm drained right now' after another NBA Finals loss to the Warriors 717 reactions6%75%19% Deadly military transport plane crash in Myanmar 17 reactions0%76%24% Young Londoner expresses support for Labor Party 4 reactions0%100%0% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 155 reactions4%79%17% Mystery Creature Spotted In California Foothills 244 reactions2%86%12% This Guy Wore The Same Shirt For Every Yearbook Photo For Seven Years 623 reactions11%76%13% Christina El Moussa Dating Businessman, Ex Tarek ‘Acting Out’ Source Says 1,260 reactions5%77%18% Fantastic photography of insects and water droplets 24 reactions26%62%12% Voters head to polls for UK elections 2 reactions Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 98 reactions8%68%24% Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy 1,062 reactions3%64%33% Jessica Simpson Criticized for Sharing Bikini Photo of 5-Year-Old Daughter 2,813 reactions5%62%33% Putin Has Most Putin Response To Whether He’d Shower Next To A Gay Man 2,706 reactions5%67%28% Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 175
Massachusetts Institute of Technology News Video Social Follow MIT MIT News RSS Follow MIT on Twitter Follow MIT on Facebook Follow MIT on Google+ Follow MIT on Instagram Follow MIT on Flickr Follow MIT on YouTube MIT News Office Browse or Browse Most Popular 3 Questions: Mariana Arcaya on the drivers of health inequality Featured video: Making medallions Sean Lowder: A path to naval nuclear engineering Multicultural Programs, LBGT Services moving to new offices in W31 LIGO detects merging black holes for third time MIT-CHIEF launches Co-founder’s Journey A noninvasive method for deep brain stimulation Online courses paved the way to MIT graduation By Topic Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) Giving robots a sense of touch Wearable system helps visually impaired users navigate Armando Solar-Lezama: Academic success despite an inauspicious start Zika virus likely circulated in Americas long before its detection Computer vision Giving robots a sense of touch Ingestible robots, glasses-free 3-D, and computers that explain themselves Computer learns to recognize sounds by watching video Creating videos of the future Electrical Engineering & Computer Science (eecs) QS ranks MIT the world’s No. 1 university for 2017-18 Online courses paved the way to MIT graduation Giving robots a sense of touch Wearable system helps visually impaired users navigate Imaging Cinematography on the fly Earth Observing–1 satellite is retired, leaving a legacy of spectacular imagery High-resolution imaging with conventional microscopes Foliage-penetrating ladar technology may improve border surveillance Research MIT Technology and Policy Program’s Best Thesis for 2017 maps out a clean energy future for India Engineers design drones that can stay aloft for five days 3 Questions: Mariana Arcaya on the drivers of health inequality A genomic take on geobiology See All Topics By School School of Architecture + Planning 3 Questions: Mariana Arcaya on the drivers of health inequality A noninvasive method for deep brain stimulation LIDS Smart Urban Infrastructures Workshop highlights emerging research Making prosthetic limbs feel more natural School of Engineering Tracing implications of the development of new technologies Hacking apparel becomes lucrative business for alumni MIT Technology and Policy Program’s Best Thesis for 2017 maps out a clean energy future for India Engineers design drones that can stay aloft for five days School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Breaking through gridlock: Productive conversations in a polarized world Danielle Olson: Building empathy through computer science and art Breaking down walls between the ivory tower and prison Vipin Narang: On the brinkmanship beat Sloan School of Management Hacking apparel becomes lucrative business for alumni MIT Technology and Policy Program’s Best Thesis for 2017 maps out a clean energy future for India Breaking through gridlock: Productive conversations in a polarized world Dora Aldama: Drawn to multidimensional problems School of Science Hacking apparel becomes lucrative business for alumni A genomic take on geobiology Giving robots a sense of touch Arthur Kerman, professor emeritus of physics, dies at 88 By Department Engineering Systems Division An eye for design Envisioning the future of water for 900 million people Professor Richard de Neufville honored at the White House Expecting the unexpected Business Students prepare for real-world product development through hands-on collaboration Chinese entrepreneurs visit MIT Sloan Study: Ethanol not a major factor in reducing gas prices MIT Sloan alumna finds elixir for successful integrative medicine practice Global Studies and Languages 3 Questions: Emma Teng on “China Comes to Tech” Nine SHASS faculty members awarded named professorships New faculty in the School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Bruno Perreau named to the French Academic Palms Music and Theater Arts Melissa Nobles announces recipients of the 2017 SHASS Infinite Mile Awards Jacob Collier harmonizes with MIT The world as we think the world should be MIT in London Chemical Engineering Researchers engineer shape-shifting noodles Envisioning the future of metal and mineral production Researchers design moisture-responsive workout suit The tenured engineers of 2017 See All Departments By Center, Lab, & Program Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) Giving robots a sense of touch Danielle Olson: Building empathy through computer science and art Armando Solar-Lezama: Academic success despite an inauspicious start Zika virus likely circulated in Americas long before its detection Biomimetics Robotics Lab Taking a leap in bioinspired robotics The tenured engineers of 2016 Bound for robotic glory Research Laboratory of Electronics Toward mass-producible quantum computers Speeding up quality control for biologics Not stuck on silicon The sanity of the long-distance runner Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) Giving robots a sense of touch Danielle Olson: Building empathy through computer science and art Armando Solar-Lezama: Academic success despite an inauspicious start Zika virus likely circulated in Americas long before its detection Technology and Policy Program Clearing the Old Smoke Four MIT students named Schwarzman Scholars Eight from MIT awarded 2016 Fulbright grants Technology and Policy Program celebrates 40 years See All Centers, Labs, & Programs Login or Subscribe Newsletter The Jungle Hawk Owl team Photo: Sally Chapman/MITFull Screen JHO team examines one of the aircraft’s carbon fiber wings, constructed by the student team in AeroAstro’s Building 33 Neumann Hangar. Photo: William Litant/MITFull Screen JHO first flight, May 4, 2017 at Plum Island (Mass.) Airport. The aircraft is launched from a moving vehicle. Photo: Veronica Padron/MITFull Screen JHO takes to the air for the first time, May 4, 2017. Photo: Veronica Padron/MITFull Screen Engineers design drones that can stay aloft for five days New design could provide communication support in disaster zones. Jennifer Chu | MIT News Office June 6, 2017 Press Inquiries Share Press Contact Abby Abazorius Email: abbya@mit.edu Phone: 617-253-2709 MIT News Office Media Resources 4 images for download Access Media Media can only be downloaded from the desktop version of this website. Share Comment Leave a comment In the event of a natural disaster that disrupts phone and Internet systems over a wide area, autonomous aircraft could potentially hover over affected regions, carrying communications payloads that provide temporary telecommunications coverage to those in need. However, such unpiloted aerial vehicles, or UAVs, are often expensive to operate, and can only remain in the air for a day or two, as is the case with most autonomous surveillance aircraft operated by the U.S. Air Force. Providing adequate and persistent coverage would require a relay of multiple aircraft, landing and refueling around the clock, with operational costs of thousands of dollars per hour, per vehicle.  Now a team of MIT engineers has come up with a much less expensive UAV design that can hover for longer durations to provide wide-ranging communications support. The researchers designed, built, and tested a UAV resembling a thin glider with a 24-foot wingspan. The vehicle can carry 10 to 20 pounds of communications equipment while flying at an altitude of 15,000 feet. Weighing in at just under 150 pounds, the vehicle is powered by a 5-horsepower gasoline engine and can keep itself aloft for more than five days — longer than any gasoline-powered autonomous aircraft has remained in flight, the researchers say. The team is presenting its results this week at the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Conference in Denver, Colorado. The team was led by R. John Hansman, the T. Wilson Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics; and Warren Hoburg, the Boeing Assistant Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Hansman and Hoburg are co-instructors for MIT’s Beaver Works project, a student research collaboration between MIT and the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. A solar no-go Hansman and Hoburg worked with MIT students to design a long-duration UAV as part of a Beaver Works capstone project — typically a two- or three-semester course that allows MIT students to design a vehicle that meets certain mission specifications, and to build and test their design. In the spring of 2016, the U.S. Air Force approached the Beaver Works collaboration with an idea for designing a long-duration UAV powered by solar energy. The thought at the time was that an aircraft, fueled by the sun, could potentially remain in flight indefinitely. Others, including Google, have experimented with this concept,  designing solar-powered, high-altitude aircraft to deliver continuous internet access to rural and remote parts of Africa. But when the team looked into the idea and analyzed the problem from multiple engineering angles, they found that solar power — at least for long-duration emergency response — was not the way to go. “[A solar vehicle] would work fine in the summer season, but in winter, particularly if you’re far from the equator, nights are longer, and there’s not as much sunlight  during the day. So you have to carry more batteries, which adds weight and makes the plane bigger,” Hansman says. “For the mission of disaster relief, this could only respond to disasters that occur in summer, at low latitude. That just doesn’t work.” The researchers came to their conclusions after modeling the problem using GPkit, a software tool developed by Hoburg that allows engineers to determine the optimal design decisions or dimensions for a vehicle, given certain constraints or mission requirements. This method is not unique among initial aircraft design tools, but unlike these tools, which take into account only several main constraints, Hoburg’s method allowed the team to consider around 200 constraints and physical models simultaneously, and to fit them all together to create an optimal aircraft design. “This gives you all the information you need to draw up the airplane,” Hansman says. “It also says that for every one of these hundreds of parameters, if you changed one of them, how much would that influence the plane’s performance? If you change the engine a bit, it will make a big difference. And if you change wingspan, will it show an effect?” Framing for takeoff After determining, through their software estimations, that a solar-powered UAV would not be feasible, at least for long-duration use in any part of the world, the team performed the same modeling for a gasoline-powered aircraft. They came up with a design that was predicted to stay in flight for more than five days, at altitudes of 15,000 feet, in up to 94th-percentile winds, at any latitude. In the fall of 2016, the team built a prototype UAV, following the dimensions determined by students using Hoburg’s software tool. To keep the vehicle lightweight, they used materials such as carbon fiber for its wings and fuselage, and Kevlar for the tail and nosecone, which houses the payload. The researchers designed the UAV to be easily taken apart and stored in a FedEx box, to be shipped to any disaster region and quickly reassembled. This spring, the students refined the prototype and developed a launch system, fashioning a simple metal frame to fit on a typical car roof rack. The UAV sits atop the frame as a driver accelerates the launch vehicle (a car or truck) up to rotation speed — the UAV’s optimal takeoff speed. At that point, the remote pilot would angle the UAV toward the sky, automatically releasing a fastener and allowing the UAV to lift off. In early May, the team put the UAV to the test, conducting flight tests at Plum Island Airport in Newburyport, Massachusetts. For initial flight testing, the students modified the vehicle to comply with FAA regulations for small unpiloted aircraft, which allow drones flying at low altitude and weighing less than 55 pounds. To reduce the UAV’s weight from 150 to under 55 pounds, the researchers simply loaded it with a smaller ballast payload and less gasoline. In their initial tests, the UAV successfully took off, flew around, and landed safely. Hoburg says there are special considerations that have to be made to test the vehicle over multiple days, such as having enough people to monitor the aircraft over a long period of time. “There are a few aspects to flying for five straight days,” Hoburg says. “But we’re pretty confident that we have the right fuel burn rate and right engine that we could fly it for five days.” “These vehicles could be used not only for disaster relief but also other missions, such as environmental monitoring. You might want to keep watch on wildfires or the outflow of a river,” Hansman adds. “I think it’s pretty clear that someone within a few years will manufacture a vehicle that will be a knockoff of this.” This research was supported, in part, by MIT Lincoln Laboratory. Topics: Aeronautical and astronautical engineering, UAV, Computer modeling, Autonomous vehicles, Drones, Robotics, Robots, Computer science and technology, Research, Lincoln Laboratory, School of Engineering Related Video: “Jungle Hawk Owl’s First Flight” R. John Hansman Warren Hoburg Beaver Works Lincoln Laboratory Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics School of Engineering Archives Technology confronts disasters Making drones more customizable Space: The here-and-now frontier About This Website This Website is maintained by the MIT News Office, part of the Office of Communications. About the MIT News Office MIT News Press Center Press Inquiries Filming Guidelines Office of Communications Contact Us Terms of Use RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ Instagram Flickr YouTube MIT Homepage MIT Video MIT Connect MIT Resources Events Calendar About MIT Admissions Alumni Education Labs and Centers Resources Submit Campus News Pitch a Story Sign Up for Newsletter Subscribe to Press Releases Terms of Use GIVE TO MIT Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT News Office • Building 11-400 Massachusetts Institute of Technology • Cambridge, MA 02139-4307 Back to the top
Latest News Dow 21,172 -1.64 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,293 -4.76 -0.08% S&P 500 2,431 -1.86 -0.08% 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:57 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense SpaceX to launch Air Force’s secretive X-37B spaceplane By Mike Murphy Published: June 7, 2017 7:01 a.m. ET Share Falcon 9 rocket to blast drone into orbit in August U.S. Air Force via Reuters The U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. By MikeMurphy Editor Elon Musk’s SpaceX will undertake its first mission with the U.S. Air Force later this summer when it launches the secretive X-37B military spaceplane on a Falcon 9 rocket. Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson announced the launch Tuesday during a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, saying “SpaceX will be sending the next Air Force payload up into space in August.” She later confirmed a SpaceX rocket would be carrying the reusable space drone. The United Launch Alliance, a joint effort owned by Boeing Co. BA, +0.40%   and Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.01%  , launched the four previous X-37B missions. SpaceX has battled the alliance for years in an effort to win military contracts for its Falcon 9 rockets. Southern California-based Space Exploration Technologies won its first Pentagon contract in April 2016. The Air Force has two of the X-37B spaceplanes, and the most recent flight — which lasted nearly two years in space — landed in Florida in early May. In March, SpaceX won a $96.5 million Air Force contract to launch a new Global Positioning Satellite into orbit. And in May, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched a top-secret payload for the Pentagon’s National Reconnaissance Office. Tesla shares have gained 65% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.06%  has gained 8.5%. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival Quote References BA +0.76 +0.40% LMT -0.04 -0.01% SPX -1.52 -0.06% MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.86 +0.76 (+0.40%) Volume 221.6K Open $188.10 High $188.90 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.08 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $277.34 -0.04 (-0.01%) Volume 110.7K Open $278.00 High $278.30 Low $277.06 P/E Ratio 21.23 Div Yield 2.62 Market Cap 80.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.62 -1.52 (-0.06%) Volume 277.1M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite ENGLEWOOD, Colo., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. „Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency,” said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. „This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance.”   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger.      „The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems,” said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. „We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs.” Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. „When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings,” said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-australian-air-force-signs-for-jeppesen-and-tapestry-solutions-mission-management-suite-300469905.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PACS Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Mallinckrodt Enrolls First Patient in Phase 3 Trial of StrataGraft® Regenerative Skin Tissue Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite ENGLEWOOD, Colo., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. „Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency,” said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. „This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance.”   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger.      „The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems,” said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. „We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs.” Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. „When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings,” said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-australian-air-force-signs-for-jeppesen-and-tapestry-solutions-mission-management-suite-300469905.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PACS Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Mallinckrodt Enrolls First Patient in Phase 3 Trial of StrataGraft® Regenerative Skin Tissue Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite ENGLEWOOD, Colo., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. „Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency,” said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. „This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance.”   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger.      „The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems,” said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. „We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs.” Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. „When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings,” said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-australian-air-force-signs-for-jeppesen-and-tapestry-solutions-mission-management-suite-300469905.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PACS Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Mallinckrodt Enrolls First Patient in Phase 3 Trial of StrataGraft® Regenerative Skin Tissue Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Royal Australian Air Force Signs For Jeppesen And Tapestry Solutions Mission Management Suite ENGLEWOOD, Colo., June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) has signed an agreement with Jeppesen and Tapestry Solutions, both Boeing Companies [NSYE:BA], to integrate the Mission Management Suite to optimize military operations. Formerly known as Jeppesen Operations Solution, the Mission Management Suite from Jeppesen and Tapestry will enhance RAAF air mission planning, operations management and resource scheduling in the complex Air Operations Center environment. „Working with the Jeppesen and Tapestry team to integrate critical operational tools delivered through the Mission Management Suite will enhance operational mission effectiveness and improve efficiency,” said James Hogg, commanding officer and deputy director of the Air Mobility Control Centre, Royal Australian Air Force. „This operations management resource will allow us to maximize use of our capabilities, including resources, assets and time to ensure optimal performance.”   The Mission Management Suite is a military operations center suite of applications that efficiently manages air mission activity throughout the full mission lifecycle. It is a Web-based solution that provides military operators with a single user interface that integrates multiple functions in a unified platform. The solution will help the RAAF optimize their Air Mobility Group air-lift operations, which is managed by the Air Mobility Control Centre (AMCC) in Sydney. The Military aircraft that the AMCC task and control include KC-30 MRTT (Multi Role Tanker Transport), C-130J Hercules, C-27J Spartans, C-17, B300 King Air, BBJ 737 and CL-604 Challenger.      „The Royal Australian Air Force will significantly improve AMCC operations, specifically related to request and mission planning, diplomatic clearance management, automated/on-demand report generation, expense tracking and management, hazardous cargo management, security and integration with their existing systems,” said Matt Buettner, director, Jeppesen Flight Planning and Dispatch. „We will continue to work with RAAF to further enhance Mission Management Suite to meet their exact operational needs.” Additionally, Mission Management Suite provides RAAF commanders with increased, real-time visibility to their operations and provides improved transparency, according to Kurt Meidel, director, Tapestry Solutions. „When fully implemented, the tool will enable the RAAF to manage 50 percent more missions without adding any staffing headcount, providing significant cost savings,” said Meidel. For more information on the Mission Management Solution, please click here. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. Please view www.tapestrysolutions.com for more on the information management solutions provided by Tapestry Solutions. About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. About Tapestry Solutions Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, The Boeing Company, Tapestry helps solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. The company also provides mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from more than 50 locations around the world, including Saudi Arabia, Oman, Afghanistan, Kuwait, the UK, South Korea, Australia and Germany. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/royal-australian-air-force-signs-for-jeppesen-and-tapestry-solutions-mission-management-suite-300469905.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PACS Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Mallinckrodt Enrolls First Patient in Phase 3 Trial of StrataGraft® Regenerative Skin Tissue Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space SpaceX SpaceX scores contract to launch Air Force’s secretive X-37B spaceplane New, 5 comments The flight is set for August by Loren Grush@lorengrush Jun 7, 2017, 8:28am EDT share tweet Linkedin The X-37B after landing at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Photo: U.S. Air Force SpaceX has scored one of its biggest contracts yet with the US Air Force: launching the military’s secretive X-37B spaceplane on top of the company’s Falcon 9 rocket. The mission, set to happen sometime in August, will be the first one SpaceX does for the Air Force, as the company continues to break into the market of launching military spacecraft. The mission was confirmed Tuesday at a hearing of the US Senate Armed Services Committee. “[The X-37B] will be going up again on top of a SpaceX launcher in August,” Air Force secretary Heather Wilson said at the hearing. SpaceX did not provide a comment on the news. It’ll be the fifth mission for the mysterious spacecraft Built by Boeing, the X-37B is the Air Force’s reusable spaceplane that looks a bit like a mini Space Shuttle. It’s meant to launch into space on top of a rocket and then return to Earth by landing on a runway. As far as what the vehicle does, that’s anybody’s guess. The X-37B has a payload bay that carries up secretive spacecraft into orbit, perhaps to test out new surveillance technologies or communications capabilities. On its most recent trip, the vehicle spent 718 days in space, conducting “on-orbit experiments” such as testing a new thruster technology. It just returned to Earth last month, without any heads up from the Air Force. So far the X-37B, also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle, has made four trips into orbit, each time launching on top of one of the United Launch Alliance’s Atlas V rockets. In fact, ULA has essentially been the sole launch provider for military satellites and vehicles over the last decade. Yet SpaceX has been making headway in this area. The company became certified to launch military payloads in 2015, a move by the Air Force to create competition and potentially lower launch costs. “Competition is reducing the cost of launch services,” Wilson said at the hearing. “Currently we’ve got two providers for medium and heavy launch.” Still, it’s unclear if cost is the primary reason for switching to the Falcon 9 for this next mission, but Wilson did tout the potential cost savings offered by the commercial space industry during the hearing. Since its certification, SpaceX has been publicly awarded two contracts to launch GPS satellites for the Air Force — though those launches won’t take place until 2018 at the earliest. The company did, however, conduct its first national security launch in May, when it launched a satellite for the National Reconnaissance Office. The Air Force has even said it’s open to the idea of launching its satellites on used Falcon 9 rockets — one of SpaceX’s main initiatives to lower the cost of getting to space. Next Up In Science Archaeologists unearth the oldest Homo sapiens ever discovered NASA adds 12 new astronauts to its active flight corps Astronomers saw one star warp another’s light in a way that Einstein thought we’d never see Watch NASA announce its newest class of astronauts this afternoon Watch SpaceX’s most recent beachside rocket landing in 4K Tim Cook says Trump should’ve stayed with the Paris climate agreement Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 4 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 29 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Pareesh Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis, 2016–2024 Fiber reinforced composites have been used in various fields of engineering since a long time, albeit their use mainly limited to automotive, aerospace, and defense industries. Technological advancements have led to development of lightweight composites with high tensile strength. Carbon fiber reinforced plastic is made by blending carbon fiber into plastic in order to enhance its strength.The main element in manufacturing of CFRP is carbon filament produced from polymers such as polyacrylonitrile (PAN), rayon, and petroleum pitch. The carbon fiber is woven into resin, mostly epoxy resin. The resulting material exhibits extremely high strength, rigidity, low density, excellent damping properties, and high resistance to thermal expansion. CFRP also exhibits enhanced electrical and thermal conductivity as compared to glass fiber reinforced plastics (GRP). These key attributes of CFRP allow for its incorporation in a wide range of applications such as aerospace & defense, wind energy, automotive, sports equipment, construction equipment, pipe & tanks, marine, electrical, and electronics. CFRP are manufactured using methods such as molding, vacuum bagging, compression bolding, and filament winding.The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Office of Energy Efficiency, and Renewable Energy (EERE)recognize carbon fiber and carbon fiber reinforced polymers as clean energy technologies.Aerospace, defense, wind energy, and sports equipment together contribute to a major market share. Request Sample Copy of the Business Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/274 Global Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics Market Taxonomy The global CFRP market is classified on the basis of the following segments: By raw material type Polyacrylonitrile (Pan-Based) Carbon Fibers Polyacrylonitrile (Pan-Based) Carbon Fibers, by Tow size Small-Tow Large-Tow Pitch-Based Carbon Fiber Rayon-Based Carbon Fiber By resin type Thermosetting CFRP Thermoplastic CFRP By manufacturing process Lay Up Process Compression Molding Process Resin Transfer Molding Process Filament Winding Process Injection Molding Process Pultrusion Process Other Processes By application Aerospace & Defense Wind Energy Automotive Sporting Goods Civil Engineering Pipe & Tank Marine Electrical & Electronics Other Applications Ask for Complete TOC of the Business Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/toc/274 Prevalent Scenario in Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics Market Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics is extensively used in the aerospace industry for manufacturing the body of aircraft. Aircraft manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus are making major investments in research and development of components for manufacturing aircrafts capable of withstanding high environmental stresses. These aerospace applications are subject to high standards, stringent compliances, and incur high licensing & inspection costs.Increasing regulations on vehicle emissions have forced the key automotive manufacturers such as Volkswagen, BMW, Ferrari, Audi, and many more to emphasize more on reducing the weight of automobiles. To curb weight of the vehicles, CFRP is being widely used as a polymer composite and it also results in improved fuel efficiency. Also, stringent regulations such as Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFÉ) standards in U.S. and carbon emission standards in Europe has led to increasing demand for lightweight composites for automotive manufacturers which in turn is significantly driving growth of the CFRP market. Growing awareness about renewable energy has led to increasing setting up of wind farms, which in turn fuels the demand for CFRP products.The thermosetting CFRP products consist of cross-linked polymers, which do not melt at high temperatures during the curing procedure. This ability has resulted into increasing applications of thermosetting CFRP and they contribute to a larger market share as compared to thermoplastic CFRP. To know the latest trends and insights prevalent in the Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) Market, click the link below: https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/carbon-fiber-reinforced-plastics-cfrp-market-274 The CFRP products are highly expensive when compared to glass polymer and steel polymer products. Also, research and development of the CFRP products and its incorporation into wide range of applications incurs high costs. The manufacturing of CFRP products is highly dependent on the supply of large volumes of raw materials, which leads to limited production capacities. North America market contributes to larger market share as compared to Europe, due to rising research and development in aerospace and defense industries in the region. However, the presence of large number of major automobile manufacturers in Europe positions it as a high growth region in the global CFRP market. Fragmented Market The global Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics market is highly fragmented due to the presence of many established and emerging players in the CFRP market. Major players involved in the market include Toray Industries Inc. (Japan), Teijin Limited (Japan), Mitsubishi Rayon Co. Ltd. (Japan), SGL-Group (Germany), Formosa Plastics Corporation (Taiwan), and Hexcel Corporation (U.S.). About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com CategoriesCarbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) Market share, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) Market size, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics Market, CFRP Market, Google News, satPRnews TagsChemical and Advanced Materials Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy (PDR) Market 2022 by Application, Consumption, Investment Feasibility, Growth Opportunities, Regions & Forecast Next PostNext Traumatic Brain Injury Market 2022 by Key Regions Emerging Growth Factors, Consumption, Revenue, Market Share and Growth Rate Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Space > SpaceX Falcon 9 To Launch Next X-37B Mission You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN SpaceX Falcon 9 To Launch Next X-37B Mission Jun 7, 2017 James Drew | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 28 The next X-37B spaceflight will host AFRL’s Advanced Structurally Embedded Thermal Spreader (ASETS-11). The U.S. Air Force’s X-37B experimental spaceplane will return to space aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket for the first time, the service ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "SpaceX Falcon 9 To Launch Next X-37B Mission".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 28 KFLITNER@PARKER.COM on Jun 7, 2017 Great continued support for SpaceX by President Trump. Log In or Register to post comments el ttigre on Jun 7, 2017 Bull. he does not know anything about NASA or anything else. Log In or Register to post comments tailchaserXL5@y... on Jun 7, 2017 Trump knows a little about NASA, but not nearly as much as Senator Ted Cruz of Texas does. But overall the decision to use a Falcon 9 for launching this X-37B tech demonstrator probably had more to do with the USAF considering cost than with Trump. Such decisions like these simply aren't made at the Presidential level in our government. And yes, the USAF, the DoD, and NRO have vetted the Falcon 9 for launching expensive national assets (SpaceX gets to compete for them now going forward). Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement USNVO on Jun 7, 2017 My guess is the X-37 is the lowest cost payload for that sized rocket. Better to try it out on something other than a high end surveillance sattelite. Log In or Register to post comments j79engine@gmail.com on Jun 7, 2017 el ttigre Really, Do you not have a better comment then to run down our President! we are talking Aviation here not Political agendas. Log In or Register to post comments asten77 on Jun 7, 2017 Agreed. Trump has nothing to do with this. The OP's comment is the one in the wrong. Log In or Register to post comments sean mendres on Jun 7, 2017 We need this to protect our country Log In or Register to post comments dugnology@opton... on Jun 7, 2017 ? explain Log In or Register to post comments marklincoln1@aol.com on Jun 7, 2017 Either the X-37 program is at an end or the USAF has given the Falcon 9 a vote of confidence. Log In or Register to post comments MNIce on Jun 7, 2017 "In January, the upgraded rocket was certified by the Air Force to perform national security launches." = "a vote of confidence." Log In or Register to post comments Cosmic Observer on Jun 7, 2017 This will save over $100 million per flight. Go SpaceX!!! Log In or Register to post comments commanderbill on Jun 7, 2017 Good ole' "United Launch Alliance's Atlas IV." It is always there for you. :-) Log In or Register to post comments commanderbill on Jun 7, 2017 Who wrote this article? "The rocket being used is SpaceX’s Falcon 9 Upgrade." I assume they mean the Falcon 9 Full Thrust? By the way the "oscillating heat pipes" sounds interesting. Log In or Register to post comments Larry J on Jun 7, 2017 It'll probably be on what SpaceX is calling the Block 5 version of the Falcon 9. Block 5 will have higher performance and system improvements based on lessons learned from examining returned boosters. These improvements are intended to greatly reduce the amount of servicing required between missions. Log In or Register to post comments commanderbill on Jun 7, 2017 I don't think so, Larry. The block 5 has never been launched before. I can not see the Air Force or SpaceX risking a highly expensive orbiter on an unproven upgrade. Other sources report the X-37 will go up on a Full Thrust Falcon 9. Log In or Register to post comments MNIce on Jun 7, 2017 "Oscillating heat pipes" suggest somebody figured out a way to set up an acoustic resonance in the heat transfer fluid to enhance its flow rate. However, if the sound transfers to surrounding structures and enclosed air, it could be seriously annoying to the denizens of a manned spacecraft after a while. There may also be material fatigue considerations if the amplitude of the vibration is sufficiently large. Well, that's what tests are for :). Log In or Register to post comments pragerr@alumni.... on Jun 7, 2017 Lots of oscillating heat pipe papers presented at academic heat transfer conferences for the last decade... Log In or Register to post comments Skippy on Jun 7, 2017 No. Dual phase fluids with no active pumping. The vapor phase appears to function as the pump. "OHPs are a passive heat transfer device and do not require a pump or additional power to operate. They also do not need a wicking structure to transport the liquid and can work at higher heat fluxes. Heat transfer is through natural oscillations of the working fluid between the evaporator and condenser sections. " Log In or Register to post comments Scybuck on Jun 7, 2017 Sounds a little scary! All it takes is one "Oh sh!t" to wipe out a thousand "Atta boys!" Go Space X! Log In or Register to post comments tailchaserXL5@y... on Jun 7, 2017 That, unfortunately, is ALWAYS true in about any endeavor. It's always a matter of "What have you done for me lately". Log In or Register to post comments Jkden on Jun 7, 2017 ..."Do you not have a better comment then to run down our President!" Well, when there is so much to make fun of; literally no end to the material your current moron-in-chief provides for the rest of the world to make fun of! On a serious note, I am intrigued by "Embedded Thermal Spreaders"... really too bad there is not any more public interest in the X-37, interest in space has really waned since the retirement of the Space Shuttle.... I think there is a bit of dis-service going on with all the secrecy around these missions. Perhaps a few more releases on the mission itself, without having to reveal all the top-secret stuff? Log In or Register to post comments Jkden on Jun 7, 2017 Of interesting note - the "original" SS design from the early 70's was to have been smaller and more in line with the current X-37. Until the USAF took over and wanted things bigger to launch gigantic top secret weapons platforms... so grew the Shuttle bay, and thus the entire ship. The only options available then became a massive insulation shedding ET, combined with gigantic unstable SRBs. These had to be developed as a cost saving measure instead of a much more reliable liquid launch booster, or a launch-on-top STS. The growth forced the STS to become a gigantic space shuttle with very delicate heat tiles, and the only options were to strap it to the ET and right next to massive leaky roman candles. Hence, the resultant risk could not be mitigated, and the entire system was at fault with the resultant loss of 2 orbiters in 135 missions. Were the original concepts of the STS allowed to mature something more similar to a manageable X-37 style and size, there would still be winged manned space missions and likely we would have achieved cheap spaceflight. Alas, all is history and wondering now. Log In or Register to post comments csmccue@gmail.com on Jun 7, 2017 Not that simple. Yes, spy satellites needed the length but NASA needed the diameter for space station sections. NASA wanted to use expendables to loft space station sections. A smaller space plane would be the choice to service a station. Budget restraints resulted in the STS. Log In or Register to post comments jimbo0117 on Jun 7, 2017 NASA had to promise everything to everybody in order to keep the MSF program alive. They promised a cheap, reliable, reusable, quick turnaround vehicle, and in the end they delivered one with none of those characteristics. Well, the vehicle was somewhat reusable, but the cost for a measure of reusability was the rest of those characteristics that they had promised. Log In or Register to post comments dugnology@opton... on Jun 7, 2017 Would the Falcon be able to launch the SN Dream Catcher HL-20 lookalike? That would be a neat combo. Log In or Register to post comments don.w.hoffman@g... on Jun 7, 2017 Thank God for America! Log In or Register to post comments dugnology@opton... on Jun 7, 2017 ? Which God. What does that have to do with an X-37 Log In or Register to post comments Jerald on Jun 7, 2017 The "god" that provided mankind with the intelligence, the drive, the determination, and the ability to learn from experience (their own... or others'). That "god" can be whatever you want it to be - a spirit, "nature", or whatever... it still has provided mankind with the traits necessary to accomplish what has been accomplished. And, it will continue on longer than we, who cannot now accurately describe it, are mouldy dust particles on a once-beautiful pale blue dot in space. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles SpaceX Faces ‘Cliff’ Of Work To Human-rate Falcon 9 86   NASA Materials-Science Experiment To Fly On Next X-37B   With Falcon 9 Back, SpaceX Looks Ahead 66   X-51A, X-37B And HTV-2 Near Launch DatesYamal 400 First Application For New ISS Reshetnev Satcom BusNavy Plans F/A-18 Algae Biofuel Demonstration Flight On Earth DayPotential Commercial ISS Crew Transporters Eager To BeginNew Year For IcebridgeCanada Form   Revised SpaceX, USAF Certification Plan To Focus on ‘Trust’ 55 Advertisement Space: Market Briefing A subscription to Aerospace Daily & Defense Report is required to access these stories.     NASA Selects 12 New Astronauts  Landing Stability Among Chang’e 4 Moon Mission Challenges  S7 Sea Launch Orders 12 Zenit rockets  SpaceX Dragon Delivers First Chinese Experiments To ISS  Chinese Deep-Space Program Close To Budgetary OK    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Aviation Week newsletter - (Daily) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Latest News Dow 21,173 -1.09 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,293 -4.64 -0.07% S&P 500 2,431 -1.85 -0.08% 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:57 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense SpaceX to launch Air Force’s secretive X-37B spaceplane By Mike Murphy Published: June 7, 2017 7:01 a.m. ET Share Falcon 9 rocket to blast drone into orbit in August U.S. Air Force via Reuters The U.S. Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral, Florida, U.S., May 7, 2017. By MikeMurphy Editor Elon Musk’s SpaceX will undertake its first mission with the U.S. Air Force later this summer when it launches the secretive X-37B military spaceplane on a Falcon 9 rocket. Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson announced the launch Tuesday during a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, saying “SpaceX will be sending the next Air Force payload up into space in August.” She later confirmed a SpaceX rocket would be carrying the reusable space drone. The United Launch Alliance, a joint effort owned by Boeing Co. BA, +0.43%   and Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.01%  , launched the four previous X-37B missions. SpaceX has battled the alliance for years in an effort to win military contracts for its Falcon 9 rockets. Southern California-based Space Exploration Technologies won its first Pentagon contract in April 2016. The Air Force has two of the X-37B spaceplanes, and the most recent flight — which lasted nearly two years in space — landed in Florida in early May. In March, SpaceX won a $96.5 million Air Force contract to launch a new Global Positioning Satellite into orbit. And in May, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched a top-secret payload for the Pentagon’s National Reconnaissance Office. Tesla shares have gained 65% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08%  has gained 8.5%. More from MarketWatch More Coverage Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one North Korea may be the biggest black swan of all Quote References BA +0.80 +0.43% LMT -0.04 -0.01% SPX -2.06 -0.08% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $188.90 +0.80 (+0.43%) Volume 221.3K Open $188.10 High $188.90 Low $187.70 P/E Ratio 23.08 Div Yield 3.02 Market Cap 113.5B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $277.34 -0.04 (-0.01%) Volume 110.6K Open $278.00 High $278.30 Low $277.06 P/E Ratio 21.23 Div Yield 2.62 Market Cap 80.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,431.08 -2.06 (-0.08%) Volume 275.1M Open 2,434 High 2,436 Low 2,429 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD482.57EUR541.97RUR8.47 Yerevan+17 ... +34 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query SpaceX wins launch of U.S. military's X-37B spaceplane June 7, 2017 - 10:34 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp will fly its first mission for the U.S. Air Force in August when it launches the military's X-37B miniature spaceplane, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson said on Tuesday, June 6, according to Reuters. Four previous X-37B missions were launched by United LaunchAlliance Atlas 5 rockets. ULA is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). "SpaceX will be sending the next Air Force payload up into space in August," Wilson said during webcast testimony before the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee. She later specified that the payload would be one of the Air Force's two X-37B spaceplanes. Launch contracts are usually announced about two years before a flight but the Air Force did not disclose the X-37B contract until Tuesday, a mere two months before the flight. The Air Force declined to say when the contract was awarded or provide other details. SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell declined to comment. SpaceX's first publicly disclosed launch contract for the Air Force was awarded last year for a next-generation Global Positioning System satellite flight in 2018. A second GPS launch contract was awarded in March. The contracts are valued at $83million and $96.5 million, respectively. Related links: Reuters. SpaceX wins launch of U.S. Air Force X-37B space plane  Top stories Amazon opens up Twitch Prime's ad-free streaming globally You'll get perks like free games, including the Twitch-exclusive PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds clothing that arrives on June 9. Tesla to make Autopilot 'smooth as silk' in June update CEO Elon Musk is hoping that the new software will also enable hands-free perpendicular parking and rain sensors. YouTube mobile streaming now open to all The ability to Go Live on YouTube previously required that you have 1,000 subscribers, and before that the requirement was set at 10K. Instagram adds augmented reality face filters You can find the filters by opening up the camera interface in the app and tapping the new icon in the bottom right corner. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Bitcoin hits record high of $1900 on Asian trading fever Facebook, Messenger and Instagram testing cross-app notifications Modern Nokia 3310 now available to buy NASA plans emergency spacewalk on Int'l Space Station on May 23 Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for June 7, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Japan growth rate revised down but business spending improves Gross domestic product (GDP) expanded 0.3% in the first quarter, compared to 0.5% in last month's preliminary reading. Al Shabaab kills 20 soldiers in Somalia: officer "It was heavy fighting. We lost 20 soldiers and 14 of our military cars were burnt. We have now retaken the town," Major Mohamed Abdi said. EU explores ways to expedite police requests for data from tech firms The European Commission will present three options to EU ministers which will form the basis of a future legislative proposal. 25,000 troops to take part in largest U.S.-led Black Sea drills The drills will focus on “participant deterrence capabilities, specifically, the ability to mass forces at any given time anywhere in Europe.” About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > SpaceX Rocket Blasts Off On Classified Mission SpaceX Rocket Blasts Off On Classified Mission Duration: 00:42s - Published: on May 1, 2017< > Embed CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from Florida on Monday, carrying the company's first satellite for the U.S. military, and breaking a 10-year monopoly held by a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. The 23-story tall rocket took off from its seaside launch pad at Kennedy Space Center at 7:15 a.m. The National Reconnaissance Office bought SpaceX's launch services via a contract with Ball Aerospace, a Colorado-based satellite and instrument builder. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: SpaceX Rocket Blasts Off On Classified Mission A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from Florida on Monday, carrying the company's first satellite for the U.S. military, and breaking a 10-year monopoly held by a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing. The 23-story tall rocket took off from its seaside launch pad at Kennedy Space Center on Monday morning. It will put into orbit a classified satellite for the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office, an agency within the Defense Department that operates the nation's spy satellites. Recent related news SpaceX’s resupply mission to ISS on course for June 9 launchNASA has confirmed that SpaceX’s Dragon cargo craft is on schedule for its launch on Saturday... BGR India 2 days ago - Technology SpaceX Confirms Falcon 9 First-Stage Landing Attempt on Land during Upcoming CRS-11 Mission; Central Florida Residents May Experience Sonic BoomHAWTHORNE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today, SpaceX confirmed that the company is targeting the launch... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases SpaceX poised for Thursday cargo launch to space stationMiami (AFP) May 31, 2017 SpaceX is poised to blast off its next delivery of food, supplies and... Space Daily 6 days ago - ScienceAlso reported by •CBC.ca Karnataka CM hails ISRO for GSLV MK III-D1 rocket launchKarnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah congratulated the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for... BGR India 18 hours ago - Technology Watch Live Stream: NASA To Launch SpaceX Rocket On Space Station Supply MissionPatch Belmont Shore-Naples, CA -- Thursday's blastoff marks the 100th launch from the NASA Kennedy... Patch 5 days ago - US You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Amal Clooney George Clooney Kevin Durant Bill Cosby Current Topics Notre Dame Paris Police Florida Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Wonder Woman Could THIS Be The Animated Revival To End Them All? Huge 90s Show Reboot In The Works Trump Offers Condolences For London Attack - After Recommending A Travel Ban London Under Attack: What We Know Google Are Moving Home - And Its Design Is A Bit Of A Stretch How Long Has Trump Been Vocal About Global Warming? Check His Twitter History Bad News For Shyamalan Fans - His TV Reboot's Been Canned Which Classic TV Show Is Heading Back To The Big Screen..? Again? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Close this Advertisement   About Us Advertise Contact Us Subscribe New! Editorial Tech Briefs RSS LinkedIn Facebook Google Twitter Policy Management Exec Tech Who & Where The Hill Agencies Opinion Resources Events Click here to receive FCW magazine for FREE! Share Tweet Acquisition Trial by Twitter for acquisition pros By Mark Rockwell Jun 06, 2017   The Trump administration is hoping to inject more speed and efficiency into the federal acquisition process, but that approach is still evolving and has some rough edges, according to procurement experts. Though still a volatile Twitter presence, President Donald Trump has largely ceased interjecting his views on ongoing contracts and procurements, experts noted at a June 6 event at the George Washington University Law School. However, Trump's transition tweets threatening to cancel and renegotiate aviation contracts because of pricing still have commercial vendors scratching their heads over what to expect from the administration. "We have a tweet response plan," said one top defense company lawyer speaking on background under the terms of the event. He was referring to the president's Twitter remarks last year threatening to cancel a Boeing contract for a fleet of 747s destined to replace existing Air Force One aircraft. More seriously, the defense company procurement official said contractors must adapt with a new "dealmaker mentality" in the White House. Such dealmakers, he said, aren't afraid to use leverage when they have it. The administration, however, is looking to make federal procurement run more efficiently, "which isn't a bad thing," said Robert Burton, former deputy Office of Federal Procurement Policy administrator. "This is an opportunity for government contractors," he said, because the administration wants to reduce the burden of regulations and unwieldy acquisition practices. The challenge, he said, is that "they don't know exactly what they want to do with procurement." Burton, who is now a partner at international law firm Crowell and Moring, said for all the Twitter thunder from the president about high-profile acquisitions, the administration is in the middle of developing firmer acquisition reform policy. Burton, who worked with the White House transition team on management issues, said that "there are substantive policy ideas developing in the administration." About the Author Mark Rockwell is a staff writer at FCW. Before joining FCW, Rockwell was Washington correspondent for Government Security News, where he covered all aspects of homeland security from IT to detection dogs and border security. Over the last 25 years in Washington as a reporter, editor and correspondent, he has covered an increasingly wide array of high-tech issues for publications like Communications Week, Internet Week, Fiber Optics News, tele.com magazine and Wireless Week. Rockwell received a Jesse H. Neal Award for his work covering telecommunications issues, and is a graduate of James Madison University. Click here for previous articles by Rockwell. Contact him at mrockwell@fcw.com or follow him on Twitter at @MRockwell4. E-Mail this page Printable Format FCW Advanced Search New from FCW Is it time to rethink the TIC? GSA combines tech and procurement services, names new FAS commissioner Senators not sold on privatizing air traffic control Spy powers overshadowed by Russia in Senate hearing Trial by Twitter for acquisition pros Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles VA preps for its sprint to acquire a commercial health record Bray to join NGA as chief venture officer DHS chief doubles down on critical infrastructure designation for voting systems Why there's no silver bullet for cyber deterrence What to make of this year's WT Top 100 VA to dump Vista for DOD's electronic health record system VA preps for its sprint to acquire a commercial health record Is it time to rethink the TIC? AT&T seeks tough standards for FirstNet opt-outs What to make of this year's WT Top 100 The Fed 100 Read the profiles of all this year's winners. Click here for more Recommended: Thinking of going digital? Find out how to begin Featured Is it time to rethink the TIC? Current restrictions on internet gateways complicate agencies' move to the cloud, so the Office of Management and Budget is exploring new security architectures. VA preps for its sprint to acquire a commercial health record After announcing it would switch to a commercial electronic health record system, the Department of Veterans Affairs must race to make a deal with Cerner. AT&T seeks tough standards for FirstNet opt-outs Telecom providers argue about the role and impact of state-run networks on FirstNet's nationwide public safety broadband network. Trump's pick to head whistleblower office comes from group suing EPA President Donald Trump's nominee to lead a whistleblower protection office comes from a legal group that is currently suing the EPA to access employees' encrypted communications. Help us find this year's Rising Stars Make your nominations today for federal IT's next generation of change agents. MGT's Senate sponsors push committee to act The appropriators supporting an IT modernization bill are urging a key authorizing committee to vote up the bill and send it to the Senate floor. Reader comments Please post your comments here. Comments are moderated, so they may not appear immediately after submitting. We will not post comments that we consider abusive or off-topic. Name: (Optional) Email: (Optional) Invalid Location: (Optional) Your Comment: Comment required Your comment has exceeded the maximum length of 3,000 characters. Please shorten your comment. Please type the letters/numbers you see above More from 1105 Public Sector Media Group Patent Office leader resigns View the June 5, 2017 FEND issue as a PDF Senate passes VA accountability bill DHS secretary reaffirms support for voting systems’ critical infrastructure designation Underwater drones ride rising tide of remote management Scraping actionable intelligence from Word docs TOP 100: CACI looking to 'break some glass' as it pursues more federal opportunities Accenture to buy cloud & digital service firm Phase One for Salesforce footprint CSRA keeps Navy aircraft carrier support work new $61M award Lockheed upgrades Air Force fighter jet targeting pod Army protects next generation navigation technology from cyber attacks Textron Systems unveils cloud-based intel software ©2017 1105 Media, Inc. Policy Management Who & Where The Hill Agencies Opinion Resources Mobile site FCW App Digital Edition List Rental About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints Subscribe Terms of Use Privacy Policy 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510 McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510, McLean, VA 22102 | 703-876-5100 © 1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Spokane Nearly $50 million in infrastructure improvements planned as Fairchild prepares to receive more KC-135 tankers UPDATED: Tue., June 6, 2017, 5 p.m. By Mike Prager mikep@spokesman.com(509) 459-5454 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS As Fairchild Air Force Base moves into a position of being the largest refueling tanker base in the U.S. military, commanders are facing two years of preparation to get the base ready for its expanded mission, the wing commander said Tuesday. The Air Force announced Monday that Fairchild will receive 12 primary KC-135 tankers along with three additional tankers in a backup inventory. The transfer will increase active duty staffing at Fairchild by 400 personnel, making the 92nd Air Refueling Wing the largest tanker fleet in the Air Force with nearly 60 of the so-called flying gas stations. “It’s good for the base, but I am not blind to the challenges we face,” said Col. Ryan Samuelson, commander of the 92nd Air Refueling Wing at Fairchild. Fairchild was chosen in part because the cost of upgrading facilities for the additional tankers would be lower than moving them to MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida, another base that was considered for the transfers. The tankers are coming from McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas, which is getting ready to deploy the new KC-46A Pegasus tankers from Boeing, a mission that Spokane leaders had sought unsuccessfully for Fairchild. The newly announced transfers will join nine other tankers brought to Fairchild from McConnell in March to make room at McConnell. That earlier move in March involved relocation of the 384th Air Refueling Squadron to Fairchild from McConnell. Samuelson said he anticipates that another squadron will be reassigned to Fairchild as part of the transfer. In the latest announcement, plans call for moving the aircraft and personnel starting in the summer of 2019 and completing the transfer by the end of 2020, Samuelson said. Fairchild’s strategic location near the Pacific Ocean was a key factor along with costs in selecting Fairchild, he said. The announcement had been delayed for several months to give incoming Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson time to review the transfer, Samuelson said. In a prepared statement, Samuelson said that the additional Air Force personnel and the tankers would generate $20 million annually for the local economy. “With this increase will come millions in military construction dollars to renovate existing facilities and construct new infrastructure,” the colonel said in the statement. In Monday’s announcement, officials said construction costs at Fairchild were estimated at $48.6 million, compared to $80.7 million at MacDill. That is on top of about $30 million in construction spending at Fairchild this year. Samuelson said the planning for the additional aircraft will include an environmental impact statement, and he pledged to ensure that the Air Force will address any potential negative impacts. He also re-emphasized his pledge to work with Airway Heights and other well owners on coming up with solutions to contamination of water supplies from aircraft firefighting chemicals. Last month, Airway Heights officials warned residents not to drink the city’s water as a result of contamination from Fairchild. Fairchild has sufficient hangar space for the additional tankers, he said. However, it will need expansion or repair of taxiways and parking areas. Also, the base will need to expand office and work areas, Samuelson said. The base commander said he has worked to consolidate the Air Force’s fleet of tankers equipped with a newer multipoint refueling system on each wing, a system used by aircraft from the Navy and coalition countries. In addition, Fairchild is the lead wing for modernization of the KC-135’s flight deck displays and autopilot systems. “This program is integral to Air Mobility Command’s plan to extend the viability of the KC-135 fleet while ensuring the aircraft remains operationally relevant well into the future…for decades to come,” Samuelson said, reading from his statement. Samuelson said one of Fairchild’s strengths is the support it gets from the Spokane region as well as the entire state of Washington. He also said the base has earned well-deserved recognition, including winning the Omaha Trophy multiple times. The tanker transfers will increase Fairchild’s operational capability by 750 sorties a year and flying time by 22,500 hours. Updated: June 6, 2017, 5 p.m.  Tags: Air Force, Col. Ryan Samuelson, fairchild, KC-135 Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Argonne Road now open after crash near Stoneman Road … Spokane Police investigate Homeland Security contractor for alleged rape and burglary … Spokane city prosecutor running for municipal court judge seat arrested Sunday after allegedly drivi … Suspect in west Spokane killing accused of shooting roommate in head during argument … Shawn Vestal: In life, ‘Dutch Bros. Guy’ was seen by many, known by few … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Scientific Method — Citing costs, US Air Force turns to SpaceX for its next spy plane launch “There are some very exciting things happening in commercial space.” Eric Berger - Jun 6, 2017 11:56 pm UTC Enlarge / Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson shows a model of the X-37B during a Tuesday hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee. US Armed Service Committee reader comments 136 Share this story The US Air Force has two X-37B space planes, and since 2010 each of them has flown two missions into outer space. Those flights have ranged in length from 224 to 717 days. The X-37B, which is autonomous and looks something like a miniature version of NASA's space shuttle, launches on top of a rocket and orbits the Earth before returning and landing on a runway. For the first four missions, the Boeing-developed space plane has launched on top of an Atlas V rocket, the military's go-to vehicle manufactured by United Launch Alliance. However, on Tuesday during a meeting of the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson revealed that the upcoming fifth mission of the X-37B will be launched into space by a Falcon 9 rocket. That SpaceX launch is tentatively scheduled for August. Further ReadingThe Air Force’s secretive spy plane returns after 718 days in space Wilson testified that the emergence of the commercial space industry has proven a boon for the US military. "The benefit we're seeing now is competition," she said. "There are some very exciting things happening in commercial space that bring the opportunity for assured access to space at a very competitive price." The admission came in response to a question from Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), who asked about the military's capability for a rapid response to military space needs. After picking up a model of the X-37B and showing it to committee members, Wilson said the addition of companies like SpaceX, as well as other launch firms, was expanding the capacity of the military and significantly lowering costs. The US military has not said what the X-37B has been doing up in space for years at a time, beyond furthering "operations development for reusable space vehicle technologies." In addition to testing surveillance technology, some experts think the Air Force may be working on equipment that could be incorporated into a human-rated version of the vehicle that could carry a flight crew. Among the applications contemplated for the X-37B would be the recovery of satellites for repair on Earth. Further ReadingSpaceX, Blue Origin have opened a “window of opportunity” for US Air Force Some military advisers have begun urging the Air Force to embrace the commercial space industry more completely. Recently, the Air Force's Air University conducted a study that found that developments by SpaceX, Blue Origin, and other companies, such as Vulcan Aerospace and Virgin Galactic, had given the United States a definitive edge over global competitors in this new area of reusable rocket technology. However, the report warned, other countries, such as China, could copy these ideas and surpass the United States if strategic government investments are not made. Ars Science Video > Incredible discovery places humans in California 130,000 years ago Eric Berger Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston. Email eric.berger@arstechnica.com // Twitter @SciGuySpace reader comments 136 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Zimbabwe News and Internet Radio Thursday, June 8, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Sign in Welcome, Login to your account. Forget password? Remember me Sign in Recover your password. A password will be e-mailed to you. Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Religious Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Religious Home Politics Mugabe mistook Tokwe-Mukosi for Ocean – PDP on Bob US trip PoliticsNews Mugabe mistook Tokwe-Mukosi for Ocean – PDP on Bob US trip On Jun 8, 2017 2,077 14 By Mlondolozi Ndlovu People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has launched a broadside against “mad” President Robert Mugabe who flew out Saturday to New York for an Oceans and Seas conference the opposition party feels was unnecessary for a landlocked country. President Robert Mugabe In a statement, ex-finance minister Tendai Biti’s party said the 93 year old leader may have mistaken Tokwe-Mukosi dam for an ocean. The Zimbabwean leader officially commissioned the country’s largest inland dam in Masvingo few weeks ago. “Unless if we want to annex a neighbouring country and administer its oceans, then what are we doing there,” said the party on Monday. “Maybe, Mugabe got confused when he officially opened Tokwe Mukosi Dam. He probably thought that Zimbabwe had built an ocean against the wishes of the imperialists.” PDP said Mugabe’s endless foreign jaunts were draining the fiscus. The party further noted that while the President’s trips were already a cost to the country, Mugabe’s recent trips have turned even more expensive as the veteran leader has been forced to charter expensive planes from outside following the banning of the national carrier Air Zimbabwe from flying into other countries. “The People’s Democratic Party is aware that Mugabe uses more than five million dollars to for each state visit he takes, when hospitals cannot afford to procure basic painkillers. “The costs are going up considering the fact that Mugabe now prefers to hire private planes due to the depletion of the Air Zimbabwe fleet which has since been declared unsafe by many countries including the United States which is the mother country of Boeing the manufacturer of the plane which Mugabe used to take for his infinite trips abroad,” said PDP. Biti’s party has described President Mugabe’s love for foreign trips as a demonstration of madness which requires all political players to unite against. With only six months into the year, Mugabe has been out of the country for 77 days prior to the current trip which is his 10th out of the country for the ageing leader. Radio VOP PDPRobert MugabeTendai Biti Prev Post Mujuru: Nothing wrong with seeking to be coalition leader Next Post WB slashes Zim economic growth You might also like More from author Opinion How to uproot Zimbabwe’s power intoxicated dictatorship Politics Trump tells Zim: Reform or no talks Opinion Presiding over an election is a trust issue, ZEC just doesn’t have it Prev Next Edgar Muwodza aaaaaaa mapuwei madzihwa I think Biti could be right when he said Mugabe thought Tokwe-Mukosi dam was a Ocean.This is the same government drove a convoy trucks and cars to get free diesel which was coming from a rock Aaron Mutombeni We also have zambezi, save , limpopo , tokwe mkosi dam and anymore if u add them together =ocean Thomas Moyana Kwaaaaaa nyaope with mix ganja rules u Stingray Aaah Musiiwa Mharadze Kkkkkkki Tee N Pee Bobs takes musombodhiya Shacky Mashumba kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk Believe Citizen Nice for politicians to have creative sound bites and jokes about the President, but they wont lure t… https://t.co/vXHWrmY2vm Godserves Mangena Hyoo eish Carlton Mash Carter kkkkkkkkk Kennedy Mafika 😆😆😆😆😆😂😂😂😂 Pardon Maguta Nice one Kikiki Mr Speaker Sir, PDP is outspoken Most Read Today Local ‘Sanyangore fakes miracles’ 18 hours ago 7,671 Crimes & Courts Robbers vanish with $80 000 13 hours ago 6,396 Showbiz Jah Love, Bounty rekindle romance 19 hours ago 5,448 Showbiz Macheso pens new song 13 hours ago 4,306 Sports King Peter breaks silence 13 hours ago 4,052 Loading ... Load More Posts No More Posts Follow us on Facebook Newsletter Subscribe for breaking news alerts Subscribe Video of the Week About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio - All Rights Reserved. error: Content is protected !!
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart Weapons Market Analysis, Market Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies And Forecasts, 2017 To 2021 Big Market Research include new market research report “Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021” Get Sample@ goo.gl/f6cmfw Publisher’s analysts forecast the global Smart Weapons market to grow at a CAGR of 5.55% during the period 2017-2021. Smart weapons are guided weapons that can accurately strike a stationary or mobile target. These weapons locate the targets with the help of various guidance systems such as cameras, infrared, GPS, lasers, and satellites. Since their inception, such weapons have continued to evolve and provide the military and paramilitary forces with high accuracy, wide range, and increased lethality. With the increasing modernization in weapon manufacturing technologies and the growing demand for accuracy of air-to-air, air-to-ground, or ground-to-ground strikes, many smart weapons have been developed. Advances in smart weapons would further enhance the capability and efficiency of the military units. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global smart weapons market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the recent sales. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Check Details and Sample Enquire@ goo.gl/LX8hdO Publisher’s report, Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors General Dynamics ,Lockheed Martin, MBDA, Orbital ATK, Raytheon Other prominent vendors Boeing,L3 Technologies, Rheinmetall AG ,Textron Systems ,Thales Group Get Discount@ goo.gl/l2d346 Market driver Development of precision-guided weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Issues associated with smart weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Development of advanced weapon systems Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape Check Full Report With TOC@ www.bigmarketresearch.com/global-smart-weapons-2017-2021-… About Us: Big Market Research uniqueness lies in its highly ethical reports at economical rates because we value your relationship and growth more than money. Your growth is our aim. With the arsenal of different search reports, we help you here to look and buy research reports that will be helpful to you and your organization. Our research reports have the capability and authenticity to support your organization for growth and consistency. Contact Us: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-971-202-1575 Toll Free No: +1-800-910-6452 Email: help@bigmarketresearch.com Web: www.bigmarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious General Dehumidity Unit Sales Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 Next PostNext Power MOSFETs Sales Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Posted on 8 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart Weapons Market Analysis, Market Size, Application Analysis, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies And Forecasts, 2017 To 2021 Big Market Research include new market research report “Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021” Get Sample@ goo.gl/f6cmfw Publisher’s analysts forecast the global Smart Weapons market to grow at a CAGR of 5.55% during the period 2017-2021. Smart weapons are guided weapons that can accurately strike a stationary or mobile target. These weapons locate the targets with the help of various guidance systems such as cameras, infrared, GPS, lasers, and satellites. Since their inception, such weapons have continued to evolve and provide the military and paramilitary forces with high accuracy, wide range, and increased lethality. With the increasing modernization in weapon manufacturing technologies and the growing demand for accuracy of air-to-air, air-to-ground, or ground-to-ground strikes, many smart weapons have been developed. Advances in smart weapons would further enhance the capability and efficiency of the military units. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global smart weapons market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the recent sales. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Check Details and Sample Enquire@ goo.gl/LX8hdO Publisher’s report, Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors General Dynamics ,Lockheed Martin, MBDA, Orbital ATK, Raytheon Other prominent vendors Boeing,L3 Technologies, Rheinmetall AG ,Textron Systems ,Thales Group Get Discount@ goo.gl/l2d346 Market driver Development of precision-guided weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Issues associated with smart weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Development of advanced weapon systems Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape Check Full Report With TOC@ www.bigmarketresearch.com/global-smart-weapons-2017-2021-… About Us: Big Market Research uniqueness lies in its highly ethical reports at economical rates because we value your relationship and growth more than money. Your growth is our aim. With the arsenal of different search reports, we help you here to look and buy research reports that will be helpful to you and your organization. Our research reports have the capability and authenticity to support your organization for growth and consistency. Contact Us: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct: +1-971-202-1575 Toll Free No: +1-800-910-6452 Email: help@bigmarketresearch.com Web: www.bigmarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious General Dehumidity Unit Sales Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2021 Next PostNext Power MOSFETs Sales Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 12 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Howes: Profit-rich Ford facing tough, new road ahead Blue Oval’s earnings outlook ‘may need to be reset as much as 50 percent lower over the next 18 to 24 months,' analyst says. And folks wonder why the Blue Oval’s directors quickly moved to oust former CEO Mark Fields, replace him with mobility guru Jim Hackett and engineer a broad shakeup of global senior leadership? Post to Facebook Howes: Profit-rich Ford facing tough, new road ahead Blue Oval’s earnings outlook ‘may need to be reset as much as 50 percent lower over the next 18 to 24 months,' analyst says. And folks wonder why the Blue Oval’s directors quickly moved to oust former CEO Mark Fields, replace him with mobility guru Jim Hackett and engineer a broad shakeup of global senior leadership?  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2sVwgaz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Howes: Profit-rich Ford facing tough, new road ahead Daniel Howes , The Detroit News 11:59 p.m. ET June 7, 2017 Ford World Headquarters in Dearborn (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News file) 12 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE In a note to clients, a leading Wall Street analyst warned Wednesday that Ford Motor Co.’s earnings outlook “may need to be reset as much as 50 percent lower over the next 18 to 24 months.” Morgan Stanley’s Adam Jonas cited a model lineup in need of refreshing, the need for increased investment in the emerging mobility and autonomy space, and the growing expectation that moderating U.S. sales will begin to deliver fewer dollars to the bottom line. This after Ford’s record earnings last year, capping a blistering run of profitability stretching back to the end of the Great Recession. And folks wonder why the Blue Oval’s directors quickly moved to oust former CEO Mark Fields, replace him with mobility guru Jim Hackett and engineer a broad shakeup of global senior leadership? Maybe it’s because the people charged with representing the financial interests of shareholders — and those of the controlling Ford family — saw this rude awakening coming because they’re in a position to do so. And they’re obligated to act. Maybe it’s because Fields’ forward movement looked more like slow motion in comparison to General Motors Co. under CEO Mary Barra and her team. They’re reshaping the automaker’s global operational footprint and exiting under-performing markets to maximize near- and mid-term earnings while making more aggressive bets in the mobility space. Maybe it’s because GM already has a purpose-built, sub-$30,000 electric vehicle — the Chevrolet Bolt — in showrooms. It’s well ahead of Ford and the Model 3 from Silicon Valley’s Tesla Inc., vying with GM to be America’s most valued automaker. And Ford? A distant third in a U.S. industry its founder, Henry Ford, revolutionized with the moving assembly line and his Model T for the masses. Maybe it’s why Ford used the change at the top to execute a sweeping reorganization of senior leadership. It’s unlike anything CEO Alan Mulally ever attempted during his eight-year rescue of the Blue Oval, his elimination of six of eight brands and a singular focus on creating One Ford around the world. In addition to segmenting the world into its traditional geographic pieces — the Americas, Europe and the Middle East, Asia-Pacific — Ford is splitting the business into “markets” under former Europe boss Jim Farley and “operations” under former Americas chief Joe Hinrichs. In simple terms, Hinrichs leads the functions that develop, design, engineer and build the products; Farley leads the business units charged with marketing, selling and delivering results to the bottom line. It’s a meaningful change designed to flatten the senior executive structure, speed decision-making — and it’s a departure from what Mulally bequeathed to Fields. Which means the results, whatever they actually turn out to be, will be blamed for departing from Mulally’s disciplined approach. Or they’ll be credited to senior management and directors who understood the necessity to adapt to challenges that did not materially exist when their superstar CEO arrived from Boeing Co. in 2006. The automotive world is changing, undeniably. Mulally’s industrial prescription for the traditional car and truck business, effective and popular as it was, was necessary. It delivered sequentially better results quarter after quarter; it focused top management on similar processes and common results; and it suppressed legendary infighting among top execs. But it is not proving sufficient to navigate quickly and persuasively the new technology-driven rivalries with a muscular GM and some of the biggest (and richest) players Silicon Valley can muster. The two-dimensional outline of Ford’s profitability, grounded most in its F-Series pickups, suggests the Mulally Method didn’t anticipate the coming revolution. And Ford is saying as much in a carefully worded, if introspective, response to Jonas: “We have not changed our guidance. We are now more focused than ever on speeding decision making, investing capital where we can create value and moving decisively to address areas of the business that are under-performing or destroying capital.” Telling choices of words, those, emphasizing speed and acknowledging Detroit’s legendary reputation for “destroying capital” instead of leveraging it into bigger profits, faster growth and new market segments. That’s why Fields is no longer CEO. And this: “At this time, the vast majority of Ford’s vehicles in operation are completely unconnected, do not collect data, have a rudimentary sensor suites, minimal computing power and extremely limited ability to conduct over-the-air (OTA) updates of firmware,” Jonas wrote. Moving Ford to OTA capability — which GM and Tesla already do, regularly — “would send a powerful signal to investors and strategic partners that Ford truly embraces the areas in which it can add value in Auto 2.0.” GM has 12 million connected vehicles, the company says, almost as many as all other automakers combined. Using OnStar, GM has been delivering OTAs since 2009. And its current generation of hardware on model years 2014 and newer can pull 6.7 billion points of data per day. Tells you everything you need to know about the challenges ahead for Dearborn. Daniel.Howes@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2106 Daniel Howes’ column runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Follow him on Twitter @DanielHowes_TDN, listen to his Saturday podcasts, or catch him 3 and 10 p.m. Thursdays on Michigan Radio’s “Stateside,” 91.7 FM. 12 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sVwgaz TOP VIDEOS Henry Payne goes zero to sixty in the 2017 Chevy Bolt EV 1:34 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council By Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council $WMT, $JPM, $IBM, $GE, $BA, $BX Major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), JP Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) and IBM Corp (NYSE:IBM) have said their CEO’s will remain in an influential Presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with The Trump Administration, American business leaders said they will remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Last Thursday, President Trump said he would pull the United States from the Y 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and some heads of industry. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) CEO Robert Iger left White House advisory councils after President Trump’s deceleration Asked about CEO’s’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Mr. Spicer added he does not know if President Trump will replace Messrs Musk and Iger on the business council. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Jamie Dimon CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized President Trump’s decision, but said he would not step down from the President’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Mr. Dimon said in a statement. General Electric Co (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on President Trump’s manufacturing council, said he was disappointed in the decision and added: “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Mr. Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on President Trump’s manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership.” A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve “as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In a TV interview last Friday, Mr. Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” President Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (NYSE:BX). Blackrock Inc CEO Larry Fink said he will continue to serve on President Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (NYSE:GM) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra will remain on the Presidential advisory panel. Stay tuned…   accord, BA, business, BX, council, GE, IBM, JPM, Paris, president, Trump, WMT Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council added by Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Recreational Marijuana Use Coming to California in 2018 - June 8, 2017 Morning Briefing Global Stocks - June 8, 2017 Gold, Silver, Copper and Crude Oil Briefing - June 8, 2017 Related posts: President Trump Ended Mr. Hussein Obama’s ‘War on America Business’ Monday, President Donald Trump Vowed to Cut Regulations & Taxes The US “War on Business” is Over in The Age of Trumpism “American Spirit” Ignited, US Business & Consumer Confidence Running High Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Zimbabwe News and Internet Radio Thursday, June 8, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Sign in Welcome, Login to your account. Forget password? Remember me Sign in Recover your password. A password will be e-mailed to you. Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Religious Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Religious Home Politics Mugabe mistook Tokwe-Mukosi for Ocean – PDP on Bob US trip PoliticsNews Mugabe mistook Tokwe-Mukosi for Ocean – PDP on Bob US trip On Jun 8, 2017 2,078 14 By Mlondolozi Ndlovu People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has launched a broadside against “mad” President Robert Mugabe who flew out Saturday to New York for an Oceans and Seas conference the opposition party feels was unnecessary for a landlocked country. President Robert Mugabe In a statement, ex-finance minister Tendai Biti’s party said the 93 year old leader may have mistaken Tokwe-Mukosi dam for an ocean. The Zimbabwean leader officially commissioned the country’s largest inland dam in Masvingo few weeks ago. “Unless if we want to annex a neighbouring country and administer its oceans, then what are we doing there,” said the party on Monday. “Maybe, Mugabe got confused when he officially opened Tokwe Mukosi Dam. He probably thought that Zimbabwe had built an ocean against the wishes of the imperialists.” PDP said Mugabe’s endless foreign jaunts were draining the fiscus. The party further noted that while the President’s trips were already a cost to the country, Mugabe’s recent trips have turned even more expensive as the veteran leader has been forced to charter expensive planes from outside following the banning of the national carrier Air Zimbabwe from flying into other countries. “The People’s Democratic Party is aware that Mugabe uses more than five million dollars to for each state visit he takes, when hospitals cannot afford to procure basic painkillers. “The costs are going up considering the fact that Mugabe now prefers to hire private planes due to the depletion of the Air Zimbabwe fleet which has since been declared unsafe by many countries including the United States which is the mother country of Boeing the manufacturer of the plane which Mugabe used to take for his infinite trips abroad,” said PDP. Biti’s party has described President Mugabe’s love for foreign trips as a demonstration of madness which requires all political players to unite against. With only six months into the year, Mugabe has been out of the country for 77 days prior to the current trip which is his 10th out of the country for the ageing leader. Radio VOP PDPRobert MugabeTendai Biti Prev Post Mujuru: Nothing wrong with seeking to be coalition leader Next Post WB slashes Zim economic growth You might also like More from author Opinion How to uproot Zimbabwe’s power intoxicated dictatorship Politics Trump tells Zim: Reform or no talks Opinion Presiding over an election is a trust issue, ZEC just doesn’t have it Prev Next Edgar Muwodza aaaaaaa mapuwei madzihwa I think Biti could be right when he said Mugabe thought Tokwe-Mukosi dam was a Ocean.This is the same government drove a convoy trucks and cars to get free diesel which was coming from a rock Aaron Mutombeni We also have zambezi, save , limpopo , tokwe mkosi dam and anymore if u add them together =ocean Thomas Moyana Kwaaaaaa nyaope with mix ganja rules u Stingray Aaah Musiiwa Mharadze Kkkkkkki Tee N Pee Bobs takes musombodhiya Shacky Mashumba kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk Believe Citizen Nice for politicians to have creative sound bites and jokes about the President, but they wont lure t… https://t.co/vXHWrmY2vm Godserves Mangena Hyoo eish Carlton Mash Carter kkkkkkkkk Kennedy Mafika 😆😆😆😆😆😂😂😂😂 Pardon Maguta Nice one Kikiki Mr Speaker Sir, PDP is outspoken Most Read Today Local ‘Sanyangore fakes miracles’ 18 hours ago 7,671 Crimes & Courts Robbers vanish with $80 000 13 hours ago 6,396 Showbiz Jah Love, Bounty rekindle romance 19 hours ago 5,448 Showbiz Macheso pens new song 13 hours ago 4,308 Sports King Peter breaks silence 13 hours ago 4,052 Loading ... Load More Posts No More Posts Follow us on Facebook Newsletter Subscribe for breaking news alerts Subscribe Video of the Week About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio - All Rights Reserved. error: Content is protected !!
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 14 °C 0 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 19 °C 3 °C Pretoria, South Africa 12 °C 5 °C Cape Town, South Africa 22 °C 12 °C Durban, South Africa 25 °C 10 °C Mbombela, South Africa 10 °C -2 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 23 °C 6 °C Polokwane, South Africa 14 °C 8 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 17 °C 8 °C East London, South Africa 12 °C 0 °C Upington, South Africa 16 °C -1 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Blog LIVE UPDATES: Knysna fire Story Recovery uncertain after SA dips into recession Story WATCH: 'Covfefe' meets Trump Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Mars rover scientist, SpaceX engineer join NASA astronaut corps Technology Thursday 8 June 2017 - 1:36am U.S. Vice President Mike Pence poses for a group photograph with NASA's 12 new astronaut candidates at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, US, June 7, 2017. Photo: Reuters CAPE CANAVERAL  - NASA named 12 astronauts on Wednesday to the US space agency's first new class of space fliers in five years, chosen from a record 18,300 applicants, for a new era of space travel. US Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the five women and seven men, aged 28 to 42, during their introduction at the US National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Johnson Space Center in Houston. Pence said the White House planned to form a council to advise President Donald Trump on space policy and strategy, relaunching a body that has been inactive for more than 25 years. Trump is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission – leading America in space," Pence said, noting that only 338 Americans have served as NASA astronauts. The trainees include a scientist working with the Mars robotic rover Curiosity, a SpaceX engineer, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor and an Army surgeon. NASA is developing a heavy-lift rocket and Orion capsule for travel to the moon and eventually Mars. It is also working with Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, and Boeing Co to develop commercial space taxis that can ferry crews to and from the International Space Station, a $100 billion research lab that flies about 240 miles (400 km) above Earth. "Hopefully one day I'll get to fly on a vehicle that has components I've actually designed," said Robb Kulin, 33, a doctor of engineering and Fulbright Fellow who is joining the astronaut corps from SpaceX in Hawthorne, California. Since the shuttle program ended in 2011, NASA has been dependent on Russia for rides to the station, a 15-nation project. Jessica Watkins, 28, a post-doctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology, joins the class after serving on the science team operating the car-sized Curiosity rover which has been exploring Gale Crater on Mars since August 2012. "We intend to send her to Mars one day," said acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot. The astronauts have two years of training before they are eligible for flight assignments. They are scheduled to report for duty at the Johnson Space Center in August. Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES SpaceX's first recycled Dragon arrives at space station 05 June 2017 Its arrival makes it the first US spaceship to return to the space station since the American space shuttle program ended in 2011. SpaceX cargo leaves for Space Station 04 June 2017 The supplies for special experiments include live mice to study the effects of osteoporosis. SpaceX poised for Thursday cargo launch to space station 31 May 2017 If all goes as planned, a Falcon 9 rocket will propel the Dragon into low-Earth orbit, where it will eventually connect with the space station Trending 1WATCH: FinMin at centre of alleged Transnet corruption, says Malema 2LIVE UPDATES: Knysna fire 3DEVELOPING: Strong winds hamper rescue efforts in Knysna 4Malema briefs media on Gupta email saga 5Three year old boy dies in Knysna fires Full coverage Extreme weather in SA Three-year-old boy dies in Knysna fires State capture - the Gupta link? Malema to haul 'corrupt' Transnet board members to court Terror in London UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online The Clinch - SA's Extreme Fighting The Clinch TV - Soldierboy picks The Punisher over The Iron Lion View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 12.8523 0.0032 GB Pound 16.6058 0.0096 Euro 14.4245 0.0509 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 48.2 -3.54 Gold $ 1283.65 -0.53 Platinum $ 945.5 -0.05 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45752.82 -0.12 FTSE/JSE All Share 51999.51 -0.23 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 30348.44 -0.49 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Boeing studies 'mild to wild' design for pivotal mid-market jet Business Standard Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure Reuters  |  OTTAWA  June 8, 2017 Last Updated at 03:03 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWS8sh ALSO READ Canada plans major defense spending boost over next decade Canada defense minister sorry for exaggerating military role Canada to increase military spending 70 per cent in 10 years Canada's defence minister visits Western Naval Command Canada's Enbridge to cut 1,000 jobs after buying Spectra By David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years. The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism. Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world." Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first." David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases. "They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine. Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada". NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs". Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion. Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc . Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp , Dassault Aviation SA , Airbus SE and Saab AB , analysts said. Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years. Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion. "It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement. The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion. The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises. "We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan. ($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Defence | Canada | Nato | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. By David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years. The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism. Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world." Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first." David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases. "They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine. Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada". NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs". Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion. Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc . Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp , Dassault Aviation SA , Airbus SE and Saab AB , analysts said. Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years. Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion. "It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement. The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion. The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises. "We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan. ($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure By David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years. The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism. Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world." Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first." David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases. "They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine. Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada". NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs". Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion. Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc . Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp , Dassault Aviation SA , Airbus SE and Saab AB , analysts said. Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years. Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion. "It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement. The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion. The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises. "We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan. ($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 7/0 (2.5) - IND 321/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News Technology News Mars rover scientist, SpaceX engineer join NASA astronaut corps Shares0 Thu, 8 Jun 2017-05:04am , Reuters NASA named 12 astronauts on Wednesday to the U.S. space agency's first new class of space fliers in five years, chosen from a record 18,300 applicants, for a new era of space travel. U.S. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the five women and seven men, aged 28 to 42, during their introduction at the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Johnson Space Center in Houston. Pence said the White House planned to form a council to advise President Donald Trump on space policy and strategy, relaunching a body that has been inactive for more than 25 years. Trump is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission – leading America in space," Pence said, noting that only 338 Americans have served as NASA astronauts. The trainees include a scientist working with the Mars robotic rover Curiosity, a SpaceX engineer, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor and an Army surgeon. NASA is developing a heavy-lift rocket and Orion capsule for travel to the moon and eventually Mars. It is also working with Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, and Boeing Co to develop commercial space taxis that can ferry crews to and from the International Space Station, a $100 billion research lab that flies about 240 miles (400 km) above Earth. "Hopefully one day I'll get to fly on a vehicle that has components I've actually designed," said Robb Kulin, 33, a doctor of engineering and Fulbright Fellow who is joining the astronaut corps from SpaceX in Hawthorne, California. Since the shuttle program ended in 2011, NASA has been dependent on Russia for rides to the station, a 15-nation project. Jessica Watkins, 28, a post-doctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology, joins the class after serving on the science team operating the car-sized Curiosity rover which has been exploring Gale Crater on Mars since August 2012. "We intend to send her to Mars one day," said acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot. The astronauts have two years of training before they are eligible for flight assignments. They are scheduled to report for duty at the Johnson Space Center in August. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Mobile Motorola Moto Z2 Play launched in India: Price, Specifications and more Mobile Apple iPhone 6 is cheaper than ever on Flipkart! Mobile Moto Z2 Play to launch in India today at 12PM: Watch the live stream here Technology Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Science Albert Einstein's theory provides new technique to size up stars Technology Facebook launches features to connect US users to elected officials Live Cricket Score Live SL 7/0 (2.5) SL need 315 runs in 283 balls at 6.67 rpo IND 321/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Indian-American selected by NASA among 12 new astronauts China making 'preliminary' preparations to send man to the moon REVEALED: Cosmic rays may double cancer risks for astronauts travelling to Mars Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags NASA Mike Pence SpaceX California Institute of Technology Donald Trump Earth Houston Massachusetts Institute of Technology Orion Russia White House America Robert Lightfoot Boeing Co California Institute Gale crater Hawthorne International Space Station Massachusetts Institute Space Administration Johnson Space Center U. S. National Aeronautics SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 15 doctors, 54 employees found absent from duty in Pb hospital Hindu Yuva Vahini demands action over FB post against soldiers HC directs police to provide protection to IIT-M students BJP running away from CBI probe into NH-74 scam: Cong EXCLUSIVE-Julius Baer seeks to stem fallout from FIFA corruption case -sources Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business NSE accepts Narain's resignation, may settle probe with Sebi Kenya to convert $243 mln debt in Kenya Airways into equity Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com BREAKING Toronto Zoo reaches tentative deal with staff News World NASA picks 12 new astronauts from more than 18,000 applicants The space agency has chosen seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation’s next generation of spacecraft. Twelve new astronaut candidates are introduced at the Johnson Space Center in Houston on June 7, 2017.  (Michael Ciaglo / The Associated Press)   By Marcia DunnThe Associated Press Wed., June 7, 2017 CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA.—NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation’s next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They’ve worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. “It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done,” said NASA’s acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice-President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA’s Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered U.S. President Donald Trump’s congratulations and noted that the president is “firmly committed to NASA’s noble mission, leading America in space.” Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Article Continued Below Vice President Mike Pence congratulates a new class of astronauts on June 7, 2017.  (Michael Ciaglo)   Under Trump, “America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel,” Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That’s more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA’s Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He’s also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. “Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design,” Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Read more: European Space Agency to help NASA in around-the-moon mission Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it “may be a little unclear” what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. “We’re just happy to be here,” he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn’t be happier as he showed the latest hires their “new office” in a video. “It’s a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view.” The 2017 NASA astronaut candidates stop to take a group photo while getting fitted for flight suits at Ellington Field on June 7, 2017.  (Supplied photo)   Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space — vicariously — as part of the team working with NASA’s Curiosity rover on Mars. “We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks,” NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA’s 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. Warren “Woody” Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. Loral O’Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. Dr. Francisco “Frank” Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a post-doctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. Read more about: United States Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 13°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Owning cottage with family too costly for comfort: Ellie It’s only natural to feel obligated to family, but owning property jointly with relatives brings a host of problems. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Missing Women Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Fresh Air Fund Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Sign inJoin Home News Local News Elections Business District Days Weather Crime and Courts Sports Lifestyle Tourism The Journal World News Video Opinion Editorial Letters Cartoons Write a Letter to the Editor Contests Calendar Event Listings Submit an Event Cayman Islands Public Holidays 2017 Magazines All Publications Cayman Financial Review Cayman Health Flava Grand Cayman Magazine Inside Out Key to Cayman The Journal What’s Hot More Subscribe to Newsletter View eVersion and Classifieds Advertise With Us Print Media Kit Online Media Kit Newsroom Staff Contact Us Submit a Story Idea Online Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Other Publications Special Features and Publications Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Terms and Conditions RSS Feed Information Sign in WelcomeLog into your account Sign in with Facebook your username your password Forgot password? Click here. Create an account Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Thursday, June 8, 2017 Sign in / Join Contact Subscribe to Newsletter Members Login Membership Levels Password Reset Register Help Sign in Welcome! Log into your account Sign in with Facebook your username your password Forgot password? Click here. Create an account Cayman Compass Home News Local News Elections Business District Days Weather Crime and Courts Sports Lifestyle Tourism The Journal World News Video Opinion Editorial Letters Cartoons Write a Letter to the Editor Contests Calendar Event Listings Submit an Event Cayman Islands Public Holidays 2017 Magazines All Publications Cayman Financial Review Cayman Health Flava Grand Cayman Magazine Inside Out Key to Cayman The Journal What’s Hot More Subscribe to Newsletter View eVersion and Classifieds Advertise With Us Print Media Kit Online Media Kit Newsroom Staff Contact Us Submit a Story Idea Online Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Other Publications Special Features and Publications Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Terms and Conditions RSS Feed Information 83F Home Opinion Columns Engineering without a license Opinion Columns Engineering without a license By Columns - June 7, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter George Will WASHINGTON – Beginning this week, Washington hopes that infrastructure, which is a product of civil engineering, will be much discussed. But if you find yourself in Oregon, keep your opinions to yourself, lest you get fined $500 for practicing engineering without a license. This happened to Mats Jarlstrom as a result of events that would be comic if they were not symptoms of something sinister. Jarlstrom’s troubles began when his wife got a $150 red-light camera ticket. He became interested in the timing of traffic lights and decided there was something wrong with the formula used in Oregon and elsewhere to time how long traffic lights stay yellow as they transition from green to red. He began thinking, Googling, corresponding and – here he made his big mistake – talking about this subject. He has ignored repeated demands by the Oregon State Board of Examiners for Engineering and Land Surveying that he pipe down. So the board considers him to be, like Jesse James, Al Capone and John Dillinger, a dangerous recidivist. Not that it should matter, but Jarlstrom actually is an engineer. He has a degree in electrical engineering, served in a technical capacity in the Swedish air force and worked for Sweden’s Luxor Electronics before immigrating to the United States in 1992. He is, however, not licensed by Oregon to “practice engineering” – design skyscrapers, bridges, etc. – so, according to the board, he should not be allowed to talk about engineering, or even call himself an engineer. Only those the board licenses are admitted to the clerisy uniquely entitled to publicly discuss engineering. After Jarlstrom emailed his traffic lights ideas to the board, it declared the emails illegal because in them he called himself an engineer. The board investigated him for 22 months and fined him $500 for expressing opinions without getting a professional-engineer license. This would have involved a six-hour examination ($225 fee), an eight-hour examination ($350 fee), an application to the board ($360 fee) and a demonstration of “education and experience” that usually requires a four-year apprenticeship. The board has tried to bully others, too. It investigated and warned a political candidate about calling himself an engineer without being licensed by the board. (He has Cornell and MIT degrees in environmental and civil engineering, and membership in the American Society of Civil Engineers.) For the same reason, the board is in its 12th month investigating a gubernatorial candidate who said “I’m an engineer” in a political ad. (He has a mechanical engineering degree from Purdue and was an engineer at Ford and Boeing.) The Oregon board has until June 14 to answer the court complaint filed on Jarlstrom’s behalf by the Institute for Justice. The board will probably receive a judicial spanking for suppressing Jarlstrom’s right to speak and, were he to try to earn income from his work on traffic lights, his freedom of occupational speech. William Mellor and Dick M. Carpenter, the Institute for Justice’s founding general counsel and director of strategic research, respectively, have recently published a book, “Bottleneckers.” The book defines a bottlenecker as “a person who advocates for the creation or perpetuation of government regulation, particularly an occupational license, to restrict entry into his or her occupation, thereby accruing an economic advantage without providing a benefit to consumers.” Gargantuan government, which becomes so by considering itself entitled to allocate wealth and opportunity, incites such rent-seeking. And given today’s acceptance of increased regulation and censorship of speech, bottleneckers buttress their power by making the exercise of a constitutional right contingent on government approval. The Oregon board should remember Diane Hartley, who probably prevented a Manhattan calamity. In 1977, the 59-story Citicorp Center was built on Lexington Avenue. In 1978, Hartley, an undergraduate engineering student, concluded that the building could be toppled by strong winds that could be expected during the building’s life. After her math was validated, emergency repairs were made. If busybodies like those on Oregon’s board had been wielding power in New York in 1978, Hartley would have been fined for “practicing” – that is, speaking her mind about – engineering without a license, and what then was the world’s seventh-tallest building might have fallen, full of people, into congested Midtown. George Will’s email address is [email protected] © 2017, Washington Post Writers Group 0 0 TOPICS george will SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleYouth put culture on display Next articleLizard lotto not going as planned Columns RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Columns Public broadcasting: superfluous yet seemingly immortal Columns Who wants to be a billionaire (in 1916)? Columns Will France elect a Gallic Barack Obama? NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Log in to leave a comment. PLEASE NOTE: If you were a member of the previous website, please read these instructions on how to log in. - Advertisement - SUBSCRIBE TO THE COMPASS NEWSLETTER MORE NEWS FROM THIS WEEK Prison worker jailed 8.5 months for supplying ganja June 6, 2017 Sensory garden at Maple House gets a makeover June 4, 2017 Engineering without a license June 7, 2017 Cayman Compass is the Cayman Islands' most trusted news website. We provide you with the latest breaking news from the Cayman Islands, as well as other parts of the Caribbean. Pinnacle Media Group Ltd. Publications Cayman Compass The Journal Grand Cayman Magazine Cayman Health Key to Cayman What's Hot Flava Inside Out Cayman Financial Review The Map Cayman Christmas Catalog Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Contact Us FAQ Newsletter Advertise © 2017 - Pinnacle Media Ltd.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Sugar Land engineer among NASA's new class of astronauts Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=2070604" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> NASA announced its next generation of astronaut candidates on Wednesday. (KTRK) KTRK By Pooja Lodhia Wednesday, June 07, 2017 06:07PM HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- NASA chose 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants ever, hand-picking seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically have led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. One of the candidates, 34-year-old Loral O'Hara, hails from Sugar Land. She spent much of her childhood visiting Johnson Space Center for field trips and family vacations. "My second grade class even got to grow tomato plants that had flown on the space shuttle, a program that I actually recently just found out is going on today," she said. O'Hara will be NASA's second Houston-born astronaut. Shannon Walker became the first back in 2004. "I met Shannon Walker during the interview process and we talked a lot about Houston and what a great city it is," O'Hara said. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed the group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. He said he would lead a resurrected National Space Council to help set the direction of the program. Under Trump, "America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," Pence said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period one year ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000 set in 1978, when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, when the space shuttles were retired, thus the low head count. Americans have been hitching rides aboard Russian spacecraft in the meantime, but that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Dr. Jonny Kim, a former Navy SEAL and specialist in emergency medicine, told reporters it "may be a little unclear" what the future holds, at least regarding what spacecraft he and his fellow astronauts might fly. "We're just happy to be here," he added. Jack Fischer, who was in the 2009 group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." Geologist Jessica Watkins already has experienced space - vicariously - as part of the team working with NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. "We intend to send her to Mars one day, folks," NASA Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly said in introducing Watkins. She gave a thumbs-up. This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. A brief look at the elite 12: Navy Lt. Kayla Barron of Richland, Washington, a submarine-warfare officer and nuclear engineer who was among the first class of women commissioned into the submarine service and now works at the U.S. Naval Academy. Zena Cardman of Williamsburg, Virginia, a graduate research fellow at the National Science Foundation with a specialty in microorganisms in subsurface environments such as caves. Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari of Cedar Falls, Iowa, director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick of Wheat Ridge, Colorado, department head for Strike Fighter Squadron 115. Bob Hines of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, a NASA research pilot at Johnson Space Center. Warren "Woody" Hoburg of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Dr. Jonny Kim of Los Angeles, a Navy lieutenant who trained as a SEAL and is completing his residency in emergency medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. Robb Kulin of Anchorage, Alaska, who leads the launch chief engineering group for SpaceX at Hawthorne, California. Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli of Baldwin, New York, who tests H-1 helicopters and serves as a quality assurance and avionics officer for Marine Operational Test Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. Loral O'Hara of Sugar Land, Texas, a research engineer at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts. Dr. Francisco "Frank" Rubio of Miami, an Army major who is serving as a surgeon in Fort Carson, Colorado. Jessica Watkins of Lafayette, Colorado, a postdoctoral fellow at California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. The Associated Press' Marica Dunn contributed to this report. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newspoliticsspacenasajohnson space centermike penceHouston Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Violence erupts after rapper attacked on stage Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties Looking back at 7 of history's most notable Congressional hearings and testimonies Live updates: Former FBI Director Comey testifies on Capitol Hill More News Top Stories Houston bars opening early for Comey testimony watch parties James Comey timeline: From Clinton email scandal to Russia 8 things to do with your best friend in Houston Celebrate World Oceans Day by protecting coral reefs Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Police: Thieves wanted in Home Depot crime spree Happy Birthday, Barbara Bush: A treasured love story Show More Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Dozens of employers come together for veteran job fair Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Child strangulation risk prompts safety gate recall Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More News Top Video Cheetos comes out with new flamin' hot flavor Grand jury expected to review deadly Denny's fight case Flipped 18-wheeler spills Bud Light all over freeway Stolen backhoe used in attempted ATM burglary More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Satellite Manufacturing Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017 Satellite Manufacturing Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017 Posted on June 7, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The report presents insights into the various factors chalking success for enterprises operating in the global satellite manufacturing market. Besides this, it also lists the various restraints that will pose challenge to the market players. Compiled with the intent of helping readers gain a holistic perspective about the market, the report includes exhaustive information obtained via trusted and industry-leading research methodologies. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/07/2017 — Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Snapshot With both developing and developed countries focusing on space missions and looking forward to enhance their communication technologies, the demand for satellite manufacturing is increasing with every passing day. The installation of satellite technology is intense in many countries as they witness high demand for advanced digital streaming of contents. The fueling demand for commercial satellites along with military satellites is likely to play a key role in the growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. The advent of wireless connectivity has triggered the demand for satellites in a large amounts. To meet the needs arising from different sectors, satellite manufacturers are focusing on expanding their manufacturing facilities. The rising employment satellites in warfare situations and life-threatening weather conditions has led to its rising use in border protection and maritime surveillance. This has further resulted in the advent of innovative and advanced image-enhancing devices such as high resolution cameras and remote-sensing technology for improving the quality of the earth observation pictures that are satellite based. Satellite launches are mainly achieved employing launch vehicles that can be only used once and carry a freight to the orbit. However, the producers are developing space launch vehicles that are reusable instead of the regular expendable launch systems. These new systems can be reused and helps in minimizing costs as well related to satellite manufacturing. Collaborations and development of novel technologies are the core ideas of manufacturers to attain a firm position in the market in the years ahead. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=365 Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Overview Currently the implementation of the satellite technology is significantly high in developed regions as they exhibit high demand for digital content. However in the course of the coming years, the market in developed regions will witness stagnation thus compelling market players to shift focus towards emerging nations. The report presents insights into the various factors chalking success for enterprises operating in the global satellite manufacturing market. Besides this, it also lists the various restraints that will pose challenge to the market players. Compiled with the intent of helping readers gain a holistic perspective about the market, the report includes exhaustive information obtained via trusted and industry-leading research methodologies. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Trends and Opportunities Several factors are aiding the expansion of the global satellite manufacturing market, the primary driver being the rising demand and application of commercial satellites. The increasing penetration worldwide, coupled with the exceptionally rising number of wireless connectivity uses and users, is further supporting growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. Other major driver of the market is the rising demand from defense sector. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=365 Despite witnessing exponential growth, the global satellite manufacturing market is mired by several challenges. For instance, leading market players are struggling with the decreasing government investment. The economic slowdown witnessed across major economies around the world also had an adverse impact on the market. Another big challenge that is inevitable to create bottleneck is the need to impose space debris as per regulations. Nevertheless, experts foretell that the global satellite manufacturing market is likely to witness robust growth in the forthcoming years. For instance, the increasing demand for high power and HTS due to the expanding internet connectivity will create significant opportunities for the market's growth. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Regional Outlook Among the regions exhibiting the most lucrative opportunities, the Americas will enjoy dominance in the market as per recent researches. As major markets such as Canada, Brazil, Mexico, and the U.S. are domiciled in the region, which also boasts sophisticated infrastructure and high participation in space programs, the leading companies will focus more on capitalizing on opportunities existing therein. In addition, SpaceX and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which hold credit of major innovations in the satellite manufacturing market are located in the U.S. This explains the dominance of the Americas in the global market. However, in the forthcoming years, the market is also expected to witness rising opportunities in Europe and across the emerging economies of Asia Pacific. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/satellite-manufacturing-market Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Vendor Landscape The global satellite manufacturing market has significantly benefited from business strategies adopted by the leading companies such as APCO Technologies SA., Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp., Indian Space Research Organization, Orbital Sciences Corp., and Thales Group. In order to gauge the competition prevailing in the global satellite manufacturing market, the report therefore profiles some of the leading companies operating therein. In this section, it covers information pertaining to the company's financial report, product portfolio, recent mergers and acquisitions, and business strategies that prove to be most successful. SWOT analysis is also conducted on the companies profiled to study their strengths and weaknesses. The analysis also helps in the determination of potential threats and opportunities that these companies are likely to witness over the course report's forecast period. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today's supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients' conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth researh of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/satellite-manufacturing-market/release-817204.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing TMR Research Telephone: 1-415-520-1050 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: https://www.tmrresearch.com/satellite-manufacturing-market Latest News Satellite Manufacturing Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017 Friction Modifier Additives Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2026 Advance IT Logistics Management Services Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications 2017-2022 Nuclear Reactor Market : Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 Microdisplays Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2025 Concrete Pipes and Blocks Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2015 – 2025 Kiosk Software Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2025 Finger Print Sensors Market: Upcoming Demands and Growth Analysis 2017 – 2025 Epichlorohydrin Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2022 Global Reusable Water Bottles Market to Increase Rapidly by 2016-2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Thursday, June 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi's theatrics bear imprints of UP as Congress hopes to turn its fortune Madhya Pradesh protest: We are sensitive to farmers' issues, says Rajnath Singh Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Gorkha Janmukti Morcha clash in Darjeeling: Police vehicles damaged, security personnel injured Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan police to probe if Rahul Gandhi violated traffic rules on his way to Mandsaur Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Unrest in Mandsaur 'should not be seen in isolation', says Bhupinder Hooda Sports French Open 2017: Rafael Nadal can win 15 titles at Roland Garros, says Gustavo Kuerten ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Sri Lanka, Live cricket score and updates: Dickwella, Gunathilaka open for Lankans Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko FIFA U-17 World Cup 2017: Javier Ceppi feels completion of the draw will improve ticket sales French Open 2017: Rohan Bopanna wins first mixed doubles Grand Slam title with Gabriela Dabrowski Altibox Norway Chess: Viswanathan Anand hurt by misjudgment against Vladimir Kramnik in 2nd round India Petrol, diesel rates to be revised daily from 16 June in sync with international rates Three years of Narendra Modi: BJP directs top leaders to visit Dalit homes, have food with them MP farmer protest: AAP delegation plan Mandsaur visit to address Modi's silence on issue Indian Army foils infiltration bid in Kashmir; one jawan, three militants killed along LoC Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Situation in Mandsaur improving but tense, says state administration Pakistan military provides artillery support, cover fire to infiltrators in Kashmir: Indian Army World Washington edgy ahead of James Comey's testimony in Russia probe: A look back at previous high-drama Senate hearings James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Britain polls: Caste legislation introduced to attract Indian-origin voters At least 12 terrorists killed, arms and explosives recovered from Balochistan: Pakistan military UK Election 2017 LIVE: Opinion polls predict lead for Theresa May's Conservatives, but not landslide victory Kabul attack serves as a grim reminder for international community: Afghanistan is headed towards anarchy Business Petrol, diesel rates to be revised daily from 16 June in sync with international rates Gear up for change in petrol, diesel prices every day; new rule to kick in from 16 June Planning to book a flight ticket? You may soon be required to provide Aadhaar card or PAN as ID Tata Sons garners Rs 10,300 cr from TCS buyback programme, tenders 3.6 cr shares IDBI Bank sets up dept to manage bad loans, after being put "under watch" by RBI Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Entertainment Veere Di Wedding starts shooting in August; Sumeet Vyas to star opposite Kareena? Tokyo Trial: Irrfan Khan is perfect as Justice Pal, the only Indian judge on a World War II panel Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot was pregnant while shooting for the superhero film Kajal Aggarwal, not Tamannaah Bhatia, to play lead role in Tamil remake of Queen Taapsee Pannu may play spy again in Operation Jinnah, after Baby, Naam Shabana Salman Khan's Bodyguard 2: Six years after being announced, news on sequel has petered out Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News World News Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure | Reuters Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure | Reuters WorldReutersJun, 08 2017 03:30:04 IST #Reuters By David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr | OTTAWA OTTAWA Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures.Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years.The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism.Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world."Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first."David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases."They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine.Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada".NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs".Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion.Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp (BA.N) Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO).Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), Dassault Aviation SA (AVMD.PA), Airbus SE (AIR.PA) and Saab AB (SAABb.ST), analysts said.Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years.Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion."It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement.The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion.The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises."We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan.($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 08, 2017 03:30 am | Updated Date: Jun 08, 2017 03:30 am Also See Manchester attacker's younger brother arrested in Tripoli - spokesman | Reuters UK police arrest fifth person in connection with Manchester attack | Reuters British police hunt possible bomb-maker, accomplices after Manchester bombing - sources | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN 2 Jun 10 ENG Vs AUS 3 Jun 11 IND Vs SA 4 Jun 12 SL Vs PAK 5 Jun 14 A1 Vs B2 Full Schedule Top Stories Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Loan waiver is no solution, but does govt have any other ideas? That Rare Occasion When Shikhar Dhawan Makes Batting Look Beautiful Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing How to develop a trading strategy for every occasion Treat Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest with urgency; a contagion could deepen the crisis Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Kollywood's in crisis, with its films failing, GST looming, and political instability in Tamil Nadu Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SL Live Now ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK Vs SA Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs NZ England beat New Zealand by 87 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs BAN Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs PAK - Jun 12th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A1 vs B2 - Jun 14th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 15th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A2 vs B1 - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Satellite Manufacturing Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2017 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/07/2017 — Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Snapshot With both developing and developed countries focusing on space missions and looking forward to enhance their communication technologies, the demand for satellite manufacturing is increasing with every passing day. The installation of satellite technology is intense in many countries as they witness high demand for advanced digital streaming of contents. The fueling demand for commercial satellites along with military satellites is likely to play a key role in the growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. The advent of wireless connectivity has triggered the demand for satellites in a large amounts. To meet the needs arising from different sectors, satellite manufacturers are focusing on expanding their manufacturing facilities. The rising employment satellites in warfare situations and life-threatening weather conditions has led to its rising use in border protection and maritime surveillance. This has further resulted in the advent of innovative and advanced image-enhancing devices such as high resolution cameras and remote-sensing technology for improving the quality of the earth observation pictures that are satellite based. Satellite launches are mainly achieved employing launch vehicles that can be only used once and carry a freight to the orbit. However, the producers are developing space launch vehicles that are reusable instead of the regular expendable launch systems. These new systems can be reused and helps in minimizing costs as well related to satellite manufacturing. Collaborations and development of novel technologies are the core ideas of manufacturers to attain a firm position in the market in the years ahead. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=365 Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Overview Currently the implementation of the satellite technology is significantly high in developed regions as they exhibit high demand for digital content. However in the course of the coming years, the market in developed regions will witness stagnation thus compelling market players to shift focus towards emerging nations. The report presents insights into the various factors chalking success for enterprises operating in the global satellite manufacturing market. Besides this, it also lists the various restraints that will pose challenge to the market players. Compiled with the intent of helping readers gain a holistic perspective about the market, the report includes exhaustive information obtained via trusted and industry-leading research methodologies. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Trends and Opportunities Several factors are aiding the expansion of the global satellite manufacturing market, the primary driver being the rising demand and application of commercial satellites. The increasing penetration worldwide, coupled with the exceptionally rising number of wireless connectivity uses and users, is further supporting growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. Other major driver of the market is the rising demand from defense sector. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=365 Despite witnessing exponential growth, the global satellite manufacturing market is mired by several challenges. For instance, leading market players are struggling with the decreasing government investment. The economic slowdown witnessed across major economies around the world also had an adverse impact on the market. Another big challenge that is inevitable to create bottleneck is the need to impose space debris as per regulations. Nevertheless, experts foretell that the global satellite manufacturing market is likely to witness robust growth in the forthcoming years. For instance, the increasing demand for high power and HTS due to the expanding internet connectivity will create significant opportunities for the market’s growth. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Regional Outlook Among the regions exhibiting the most lucrative opportunities, the Americas will enjoy dominance in the market as per recent researches. As major markets such as Canada, Brazil, Mexico, and the U.S. are domiciled in the region, which also boasts sophisticated infrastructure and high participation in space programs, the leading companies will focus more on capitalizing on opportunities existing therein. In addition, SpaceX and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which hold credit of major innovations in the satellite manufacturing market are located in the U.S. This explains the dominance of the Americas in the global market. However, in the forthcoming years, the market is also expected to witness rising opportunities in Europe and across the emerging economies of Asia Pacific. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/satellite-manufacturing-market Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Vendor Landscape The global satellite manufacturing market has significantly benefited from business strategies adopted by the leading companies such as APCO Technologies SA., Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp., Indian Space Research Organization, Orbital Sciences Corp., and Thales Group. In order to gauge the competition prevailing in the global satellite manufacturing market, the report therefore profiles some of the leading companies operating therein. In this section, it covers information pertaining to the company’s financial report, product portfolio, recent mergers and acquisitions, and business strategies that prove to be most successful. SWOT analysis is also conducted on the companies profiled to study their strengths and weaknesses. The analysis also helps in the determination of potential threats and opportunities that these companies are likely to witness over the course report’s forecast period. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today’s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients’ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth researh of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ceramic Tiles Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Microdisplays Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Segmentation, Key Players Analysis and Forecast to 2025 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Esc to close Thursday 08 June 2017 News updated at 7:25 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Now PG Commerce students at Bikaner Varsity to study Gita in their course books!      Govt to make unique digital id must for flight ticket bookings      Jaitley seeks support from MPs/MLAs to create GST awareness      Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open      State oil cos will revise petrol, diesel prices daily from June 16      Boeing, Tata deliver assembly of Chinook to IAF      India post 321/6 against Sri Lanka      India post 321/6 against Sri Lanka      Scotland Yard arrests 3 in London terror probe on polls eve      Dhawan pips Kohli in share of BCCI's revenue from games      Farmer ends life, says don't cremate me till CM meets demands      Anupam Kher happy with 'The Accidental Prime Minister' first look response      No 'concrete evidence' of India's hand in disappearance of Habib: Pak minister      Congress instigating, politicising MP farmers' stir: Naidu      Saharanpur violence main accused Chandrashekhar arrested      Address farmer issues or face MP like unrest, Yogi warned      Modi arrives in Astana, India set for SCO entry      5 farmers were killed in 'police firing': MP home minister      Kerala assembly terms cattle ban 'fascist' move, passes resolution      Seven militants killed as four Pak aided infiltration bids foiled in 48 hrs: Arm      Rahul detained in MP amid high drama, lashes out at Modi      Polling opens in UK general election amid tight security      Myanmar's military finds crashed plane, bodies: spokesman      North Korea launches multiple missiles: Seoul      NIA ropes in govt cyber security arm to check terror funding      ED attaches Rs 10 lakh in probe against Gujarat IAS officer      He topped class 12th exam in Gujarat; now to become a monk      India hands over summonses to Pakistani witnesses on Samjhauta Express case      Sanitation worker mauled to death by stray dogs in UP      Madhya Pradesh govt to give Rs 1 cr to kin of slain farmers      At current pace, BJP govt will take 1,560 yrs to create jobs: CP Joshi      1,100 anti-riots police personnel sent to Mandsaur in MP      2 held for trying to manhandle Yechury; Left blames RSS      Man injured while trying to take selfie with wild elephant      20 dead, in fire at cracker factory in MP's Balaghat      Warne says 'too expensive' comment was tongue-in-cheek      Trump nominates Christopher Wray as new FBI Director      Minister faces flak for ritual to propitiate rain god      SC to hear Bihar liquor manufacturers' plea tomorrow      SC refuses to hear Justice Karnan's plea to stay order      Bill for implementing GST introduced in Karnataka assembly      SA win toss, elect to bat against Pak      SA win toss, elect to bat against Pak      Territorial Army major dies during encounter, 3 ultras killed     Next Story A paradigm shift Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » DH Education » Bulletin Board Bulletin Board DH News Service, Jun 8 2017, 2:42 IST Media courses Whistling Woods International, Mumbai has announced the last round of entrance exam for students who wish to pursue a career in the media &entertainment industry. The institute will award the students with degree & diploma courses accredited by The Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), on the completion of each course. The classes will commence from July 2017. For registration, log on to www.whistlingwoods.net or email admissions@whistlingwoods.net or call 08451803851/022 30916070. Aircraft maintenance Hindustan Aviation Academy, Bengaluru has introduced a five-year course. This course is a joint venture with an EASA & DGCA approved Airline MRO (Maintenance Repair & Overhaul organisation) Part 145. The course will qualify the candidate as a B1/B2 Type Rated Engineer on a narrow (Airbus A320 / Boeing B737) or wide (Airbus A330 / Boeing B777) bodied aircraft. For more details, visit www. hindustanacademy.edu.in or call 9740037853/8971404357. Software jobs Instart Logic is hiring interns for R&D — Systems profile in Bengaluru. Students or recent graduates, preferably software engineers, with relevant skills and interests can apply by June 13. The stipend is Rs 30,000 per month. Apply at bit.ly/DH-137. Pilot training programme Jet Airways, in collaboration with CAE, has announced the launch of Commercial Pilot License (CPL) cadet pilot training programme aimed at creating more than 380 professional pilots over the next five years. Candidates can apply at www.jetairways.com/careers. MA EducationAzim Premji University is inviting applications from working professionals for a two-year full time postgraduate programme in MA Education. Students can apply online on the university website. The final date for applications is June 11, with the test scheduled in Bengaluru on June 16 and interviews on June 17, 18. The toll-free helpline is 1800 843 2001. To know more, email admissions@apu.edu.in or visit www.azimpremjiuniversity.edu.in/admissions. Courses for hearing impaired The National Institute of Speech and Hearing (NISH) is accepting applications from hearing impaired candidates to its specially designed undergraduate degree programmes for the academic year 2017-18. The courses offered are: BSc Computer Science, BCom and Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA). The application window will be open until June 20. Applications can only be submitted online at the NISH website admissions.nish.ac.in. One can contact the admission help desk on 0471-3066635 or email admissions@nish.ac.in. Life Sciences courses The Transdisciplinary University, Bengaluru is inviting applications for BSc Life Sciences — Conservation Science, MSc Life Sciences — Conservation Futures, Ayurveda-Biology, Computer Science, Science Communication, Herbal Quality Assurance & Regulatory Affairs, MSc( Integrated) Computer Science with specialisations in Data Science, Cyber Machine Systems, Fintech & Health Informatics. For details, visit tdu.edu.in or write to admissions@tdu.edu.in. Scholarships UK-based University of York, in collaboration with the British Council India, has announced two GREAT Britain Scholarships-India 2017 worth £6,500 each. These scholarships are available exclusively for Indian students who are applying to any taught MSc programme at the York Management School for the session beginning from September 2017.This scholarship application should be sent in PDF format as an attachment to management-postgrad@york.ac.uk. Scholarship application deadline is June 30. For details, visit www.york.ac.uk/management/taught-masters/scholarships/#tab-2. L’Oréal scholarships L’Oréal India is inviting female students who have completed Class 12 in India to apply for the 14th edition of its ‘For Young Women in Science Scholarship (FYWIS) Programme’. Those who have passed Class 12 exams from across India in the current academic year (March 2017), with a minimum of 85% in PCM/PCB and not over 19 years of age as on May 31, 2017, are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Students can apply for the scholarship through an online application process on www.foryoungwomeninscience.com. The deadline for submitting application forms is July 10. For more information, call 022-67003000 or email fywis.india@loreal.com. Psychology programmeUK-based Staffordshire University is inviting applications for its BSc (Hons)Psychology programme. The duration of the course is three years (full-time). Early applications (by June 15) are recommended. To know more, visit www.staffs.ac.uk/course/SSTK-04274.jsp or contact Lisa.Blenkinsop@staffs.ac.uk Cambridge exam To support the development of English language skills of the children, Cambridge English Language Assessment (part of the University of Cambridge) has launched its Cambridge English: Young Learners (YLE) exam packages on Amazon.in. The exam package includes official Cambridge English preparation material for YLE — Kids Box books and CDs, along with the examination fee for the YLE test. Exam packages are available through Amazon and are being offered in Chennai, Mumbai, New Delhi, Hyderabad and Bengaluru. For details, visit www.cambridgeenglish.org/in/. Business development UberEATS, an online food ordering and delivery platform by Uber, is hiring interns for Business Development (Sales) profile in Bengaluru. Students with prior knowledge of sales can apply by June 17. The stipend is Rs 25,000-35,000 per month. Apply at bit.ly/DH-138. Language diploma Bangalore University is inviting applications for the Certificate /Diploma/Higher Diploma/Advance Diploma Course in Foreign Languages: French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Arabic, Finnish and Russian. Candidates who have completed PUC may apply. For details, contact 080-22961280. Higher degree scholarships Applications are being invited for the Higher Degree Programmes Scholarships at BITS Pilani, Dubai Campus for the financial year 2017-18. Candidates who have completed BE/BTech or equivalent courses can apply. The last date to apply is June 8. Visit universe.bits-pilani.ac.in/dubai/scholarships to know more. Youth fellowship SBI Youth for India Fellowship 2017 is inviting applications from graduates aged between 21 and 32 to join a 13-month programme that enables India’s brightest young minds to work on rural development projects with experienced NGOs.Fellows will receive Rs 15,000 per month, including travel fare, accommodation, medical insurance, and an additional Rs 30,000 on completion of the fellowship. The last date to apply is June 9. Visit www.youthforindia.org/index.php/login# to know more. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos more Rahul Gandhi rides pillion on motorcycle to reach Mandsaur What's up at Bellandur Lake? A machine from Mumbai is clearing weed Presidential election on July 17: CEC Zaidi UK election: markets bet on May to carry the day Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of Russia probe Tribal farmers sell over 12,000 mangoes within 4 days of fest ICSE Class X Topper Speaks- Ashwin Rao is a Bengaluru boy Parvathamma Rajkumar: Unmatched Maker of Kannada Hits Sri Lanka face champions India in crucial match Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.CBI carries out searches at residence of Prannoy Roy 2.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 3.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 4.Economy running on public spending, says Manmohan 5.40-min check for girl in 'hijab' at Vidhana Soudha 1.IT cos may cold-shoulder BTech-only techies in future: Pai 2.Panic in AP, Telangana over hazardous plastic rice 3.Off the beaten path 4.Cattle rule puts lives at stake 5.Sleeping late on weekends may up heart disease risk: study 1. Panic in AP, Telangana over hazardous plastic rice 2. 7 Indian companies receive less H-1B visas in 2016: Report 3. Fear of plastic rice grips Telugu states 4. Mallya drops in at Kohli event; Indian team avoids him 5. Zakir Musa says Indian Muslims are spineless, war not confined to Kashmir Photo Gallery Sri Lanka's Asela Gunaratne (2nd L) celebrates taking the wicket... India's Yuvraj Singh walks off dejected after losing... India's Virat Kohli walks off dejected after losing his... Lanka's Lasith Malinga (C) celebrates taking the wicket... India's MS Dhoni walks off after being dismissed... Flames billowing out after fire breaks out in a building in Kinari Bazar... Canada's Gabriela Dabrowski and India's Rohan Bopanna, right, hold the trophy... Adrienne Brooks, left, walks with her mother Joan Jones, right, through flooded streets... Hundreds of participants take part in a yoga and dance-centred fitness session... In this photo released by an official website of the office of the Iranian supreme leader... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight NASA Reveals 12 New Astronauts for Earth Orbit, Deep Space Missions By Robert Z. Pearlman, collectSPACE.com Editor | June 7, 2017 02:31pm ET MORE HOUSTON —NASA introduced 12 new astronauts on Wednesday (June 7), who will train for missions into Earth orbit and to deep space. The seven men and five women comprise the 22nd class of American spaceflight trainees since 1959. The group is the largest NASA has selected in almost two decades. Vice President Mike Pence joined NASA leaders, including acting administrator Robert Lightfoot and director of flight operations Brian Kelly, in Houston, Texas to announce the new astronaut candidates, or "ascans." The event was set inside the Johnson Space Center's Space Vehicle Mockup Facility in front of a full-scale engineering model of NASA's Orion spacecraft, which the new astronauts might fly in the coming years on missions beyond low Earth orbit.  [What It's Like to Become an Astronaut: 10 Surprising Facts] "To the members of this new class of American astronauts, I say congratulations," remarked Pence. "You have already captured the admiration and respect of your peers — when you lift off the launch pad, to boldly go, you will capture the imagination of your nation and the world.” "As American astronauts, you may yet return our nation to the moon. You may be the first to travel to Mars. You may have experiences that we can only imagine," Pence said. The 12 new members of NASA's 2017 astronaut class are seen during their introduction at the agency's Johnson Space Center in Houston on June 7. Vice President Mike Pence joined other elected and NASA officials in applauding the group. Credit: collectSPACE.com The ascans, who in August will formally report to begin two years of basic training, may also fly on commercial crewed spacecraft being built by Boeing and SpaceX for flights to the International Space Station. "We look forward to the energy and talent of these astronauts fueling our exciting future of discovery," acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot said. "Between expanding the crew on board the space station to conduct more research than ever before, and making preparations to send humans farther into space than we've ever been, we are going to keep them busy." The 12 new candidates include six military officers, three scientists, two medical doctors, a lead engineer at SpaceX and a NASA research pilot. They are: Lt. Kayla Barron, a 29-year-old U.S. Navy submarine officer from Richland, Washington. A member of the U.S. Navy's first class of women commissioned into the submarine community, Barron comes to NASA from the Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, where she has been serving as the Flag Aide to the Superintendent. Zena Cardman, a 29-year-old geobiologist who calls Williamsburg, Virginia, home. Cardman's research at Penn State University in Pennsylvania has focused on microorganisms in subsurface environments, ranging from caves to deep sea sediments. She has embarked on multiple Antarctic expeditions, worked on research vessels and joined NASA analog missions in British Columbia, Idaho and Hawaii. Lt. Col. Raja "Grinder" Chari, the 39-year-old commander of the 461st Flight Test Squadron and the director of the F-35 Integrated Test Force at Edwards Air Force Base in California. Hailing from Waterloo, Iowa, Chari earned a Master's degree in aeronautics and astronautics from MIT and graduated from the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School. Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick, the 35-year-old department head for the U.S. Navy's Strike Fighter Squadron 115. Born and raised in Wheat Ridge, Colorado, Dominick was at sea on the USS Ronald Reagan when he got the call on May 25 saying he had been selected as an astronaut candidate. Bob Hines, a 42-year-old NASA research pilot based at Johnson Space Center since 2012. Hines considers Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, his hometown. He attended the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School for his Master's degree in flight test engineering and then the University of Alabama, where he earned a Master's degree in aerospace engineering. He has served in the U.S. Air Force and Air Force Reserves for 18 years. Warren "Woody" Hoburg, a 31-year-old assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at MIT. Originally from Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, he earned a doctorate in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkley. He is a private pilot and has extensive experience with wilderness survival. Dr. Jonny Kim, a 33-year-old Navy lieutenant and SEAL, who has been on active duty reserve while completing his residency at Massachusetts General Hospital. Born and raised in Los Angeles, Kim completed more than 100 combat operations and earned a Silver Star and Bronze Star with Valor. Afterward, he went on to complete a degree in Mathematics at the University of San Diego and a Doctorate of Medicine at Harvard Medical School. Robb Kulin, the 33-year-old lead of the Launch Chief Engineering group at SpaceX in Hawthorne, California. Hailing from Anchorage, Alaska, Kulin completed a Master's degree in materials science and a doctorate in engineering at the University of California, San Diego. He has previous experience as an ice driller in Antarctica on the West Antarctic Ice Sheet and Taylor Glaciers and as a commercial fisherman in Chignik, Alaska. Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli, the 33-year-old quality assurance and avionics officer for the Marine Corps' Operational Test and Evaluation Squadron 1 in Yuma, Arizona. Moghbeli considers Baldwin, New York, her hometown. She earned a Master's degree in aerospace engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School and is a distinguished graduate of the Navy's Test Pilot School. Loral O'Hara, a 34-year-old research engineer at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, who calls Sugar Land, Texas, home. O'Hara received her a Master's degree in propulsion and fluid dynamics from Purdue University in Indiana. As a student, she participated in NASA's KC-135 Reduced Gravity Student Flight Opportunities Program, the NASA Academy at the agency's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland and interned at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in California. Dr. Francisco Rubio, a 41-year-old major, serving as a surgeon for the 3rd Battalion of the Army's 10th Special Forces Group. Originally from Miami, Florida, Rubio earned a Doctorate of Medicine from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. Rubio has accumulated more than 1,100 hours of flight time in helicopters and performed more than 650 free fall skydives. Jessica Watkins, a 29-year-old postdoctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where she collaborates on NASA's Mars Science Laboratory for the Curiosity rover. Hailing from Lafayette, Colorado, Watkins earned a doctorate in geology from the University of California, Los Angeles. Watkins has also worked at NASA's Ames Research Center in northern California. 12 new astronaut candidates were announced June 7. Here, the new trainees pose for a photo together at Ellington Airport in Houston. Credit: NASA NASA's astronaut corps currently has 44 active members, led by newly-named Chief Astronaut Patrick Forrester. The 22nd group of astronaut candidates was selected out of a record 18,000 applicants, based on education, experience, and their interviews with NASA's selection board. [Astronauts Record Awesome Welcome Video for 2017 Recruits] "We are excited to welcome them to the team," said Ellen Ochoa, Johnson Space Center director and former shuttle-era astronaut. Selection as an ascan does not ensure becoming a NASA astronaut, which requires the successful completion of the basic training program. With the addition of the new class, NASA has selected 350 men and women to train as astronauts in its nearly 60-year history. "While their numbers may be few, their accomplishments have been legion — and the tales of our astronauts are a testament to the indomitable spirit of the United States of America," Pence said. Editor's Note: This story was updated  at 8:14 p.m. EDT to include more comments by Vice President Mike Pence, NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot and Johnson Space Center director Ellen Ochoa. It also includes a correction to the age of astronaut candidate Jessica Watkins. She is 29, not 28. Visit collectSPACE for continuing coverage of NASA's 2017 class of astronaut candidates. Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE. Copyright 2017 collectSPACE.com. All rights reserved. Editor's Recommendations NASA Administrator's Advice On How To Become An Astronaut | Video How To Become An Astronaut Life in Space: Astronaut Chris Hadfield's Video Guide Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Image of the Day Watch Live! Now: 2017 Astronaut Class Interviews, Later: NASA Budget Hearing Total Solar Eclipse 2017: When, Where and How to See It (Safely) Total Solar Eclipse Complete Coverage A 'Feel-Good Moment for Science': Volunteers Spot the Sun's Newest Neighbor HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 NASA just unveiled 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants in the space agency's history Marcia Dunn, Associated Press Jun. 7, 2017, 5:16 PM 5,527 facebook linkedin twitter email print The 2017 NASA Astronaut Class: (from left) Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Jonny Kim, Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Warren Hoburg, Robb Kulin, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, Raji Chari, Loral O' Hara and Jessica Watkins. NASA/Robert Markowitz CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, selecting seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. "Under President Donald Trump, America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," he said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 ½ years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000, set in 1978 when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, thus the low head count. But that could change next year. Vice President Pence delivers remarks during an event where NASA introduced 12 new astronaut candidates. NASA After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back, as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait for space. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Jack Fischer, who was in that group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. SEE ALSO: 'Spider' spacesuits may help future astronauts crawl across Martian moons DON'T MISS: NASA's $1 billion Jupiter probe has taken more stunning new images of the gas giant NOW WATCH: NASA's new Mars rover concept looks like a Batmobile Loading video... More: Associated Press Astronauts NASA Space Human Spaceflight Space Exploration facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru NASA just unveiled 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants in the space agency's history NASA just unveiled 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants in the space agency's history CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants ever. Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Science Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 3:03am IST Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure left right Two Royal Canadian Air Force CF-188 Hornet fighters from 433 Tactical Fighter Squadron fly over Iceland during an Operation REASSURANCE surveillance mission on May 31, 2017. Gary Calvé/Courtesy Canadian Armed Forces via REUTERS 1/6 left right Leopard 2A4 tanks from the Royal Canadian Dragoons, C Squadron travel in the Wainwright Garrison training area during Exercise MAPLE RESOLVE in Wainwright, Alberta, Canada on May 15, 2017. JF Lauzé/Courtesy Canadian Armed Forces via REUTERS 2/6 left right A Royal Canadian Air Force CC-130 Hercules starts its descent as three CF-188 Hornets sit on the tarmac during Exercise MAPLE FLAG 50 at 4 Wing Cold Lake, Alberta, Canada on May 29, 2017. Justin Roy/Courtesy Canadian Armed Forces via REUTERS 3/6 left right Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan (R) shakes hands with a Canadian Forces soldier after announcing Canada's new defence policy in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, June 7, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie 4/6 left right Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks during a news conference announcing Canada's new defence policy in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, June 7, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie 5/6 left right Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan speaks during a news conference announcing Canada's new defence policy in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, June 7, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie 6/6 By David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr | OTTAWA OTTAWA Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years. The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism. Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world." Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first." David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases. "They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine. Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada". NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs". Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion. Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp (BA.N) Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc (BBDb.TO). Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), Dassault Aviation SA (AVMD.PA), Airbus SE (AIR.PA) and Saab AB (SAABb.ST), analysts said. Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years. Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion. "It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement. The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion. The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises. "We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan. ($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Higher prices keep gold buyers at bay; discounts in India widen BENGALURU/MUMBAI Demand for gold in Asia was muted this week as the bullion's rebound in prices curbed purchases, with discounts in India widening to the highest in more than five months. Global Markets: Italy rally soothes Europe's UK election, ECB jitters LONDON European stocks climbed but the euro and pound sagged as markets readied for a triple dose of excitement - an ECB signal of its next moves, a British election and testimony by the ex-FBI chief Donald Trump fired last month. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India calls for middle-income country coalition to revive globalisation Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 7/0 (2.5) - IND 321/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News World News Canada plans military spending boost, addressing U.S. pressure Shares0 Thu, 8 Jun 2017-03:06am , Reuters Canada on Wednesday unveiled plans for one of the biggest hikes in military spending in its recent history, acting less than two weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that NATO members ramp up defense expenditures. Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, unveiling a 20-year policy review that had been in the works for months, said the armed forces budget would jump by 73 percent to C$32.7 billion ($24.2 billion) in 2026/27 from C$18.9 billion in 2016/17, with the biggest increases coming in later years. The Liberal government made the announcement a day after Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada would have to play a larger global role as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump retreated from multilateralism. Sajjan told reporters the policy would result in "a Canada that is strong at home, secure in North America and engaged in the world." Canada and the United States are traditionally close allies but the relationship has become strained under Trump, who was elected on a promise to "put America first." David Perry, defense analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said he was pleasantly surprised by the spending plans. The center-left Liberals have traditionally been skeptical about major military purchases. "They've promised ... to spend money on a lot of needed priorities, most of it on capital investments, which is where I think the real priorities were," Perry said by phone. Sajjan said the boost would take total defense expenditures to 1.4 percent of GDP by 2024/25 from 1.2 percent now. Other estimates put Canada's spending at closer to 1.0 percent. North Atlantic Treaty Organization members have committed to spend 2 percent of GDP on the military, a target few meet. Trump last month upset NATO leaders by insisting they commit more funds and also by not personally affirming the alliance's mutual defense doctrine. Asked whether he thought Trump would be satisfied, Sajjan said: "This defense policy is for Canada". NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said the announcement would "ensure Canada has the armed forces and the key capabilities that the Alliance needs". Ottawa will hold an open competition to buy 88 advanced fighters to replace its fleet of 77 CF-18 planes, more than the 65 new jets the previous Conservative government had planned. The defense review said the jets would need to operate seamlessly with planes of Canada's allies and estimated the cost at between C$15 billion to C$19 billion. Ottawa said last year it wanted to buy 18 Boeing Corp <BA.N> Super Hornets as an interim measure but has since threatened to scrap the plan unless the U.S. firm drops an anti-dumping challenge against planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>. Potential winners include rival jet makers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N>, Dassault Aviation SA <AVMD.PA>, Airbus SE <AIR.PA> and Saab AB <SAABb.ST>, analysts said. Sajjan declined to comment when asked whether the spending would result in a larger budget deficit than the Liberals are already forecasting. One major uncertainty is that the Liberals may not be in power in a decade's time. They took office in 2015 and Canadian governments usually last between eight and 10 years. Indeed, when in government, the Conservatives promised in 2008 to boost defense spending to C$30 billion by 2027/28 from C$18 billion in 2008/09. But by end of 2014/15, their last full year in power, the budget had only edged up to C$20.1 billion. "It's really really easy to backload promised spending, especially when you're able to backload it into the 2020s," said Kim Richard Nossal, a political studies professor at Queen's University in Kingston who specializes in defense procurement. The Liberal government also confirmed longstanding plans to buy 15 new ships and said the cost would rise to between C$56 billion and C$60 billion. Conservatives had put the cost at C$26.2 billion. The Conservatives said they were skeptical the Liberals would be able to deliver on their promises. "We learned that the majority of the funding announced today won't be available until after the next election and the government won't tell us where it is going to come from," said party defense spokesman James Bezan. ($1 = 1.3514 Canadian dollars) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World UK elections: Voting began, snap election predict Theresa May large majority World Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say World Manchester Attack: UK police arrest two more men over Ariana Grande concert suicide bombing World Balochistan: Pakistan Army destroys 'ISIS infrastructure', kills 12 terrorists World 46-year-old Indian-American lawyer killed after being hit by train in US World Norway: Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Anders Breivik's human rights appeal Live Cricket Score Live SL 7/0 (2.5) SL need 315 runs in 283 balls at 6.67 rpo IND 321/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Barack Obama, Justin Trudeau go on a dinner date in Montreal, and the Internet can't get enough! Watch: 12-year-old Indian-American Ananya Vinay wins Scripps National Spelling Bee Paris Climate Deal: World leaders express regret over US’ withdrawal Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Canada Donald Trump Harjit Sajjan Chrystia Freeland David Perry Jens Stoltenberg Ottawa James Bezan North America United States North Atlantic Treaty Organization U. S. Bombardier Inc Dassault Aviation SA Lockheed Martin Corp Queen University Queen University in Kingston Saab AB SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Mizoram cut off for the third day, blockade to continue Maha stir: Farmers' committee gives June 11 ultimatum to govt MP govt tells the Centre: 5 farmers killed in police firing 15 doctors, 54 employees found absent from duty in Pb hospital Hindu Yuva Vahini demands action over FB post against soldiers Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business NSE accepts Narain's resignation, may settle probe with Sebi Kenya to convert $243 mln debt in Kenya Airways into equity Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping Best of Denton Contests NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Donald Trump Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Century Club Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton County Sheriff's Office Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Donald Trump Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Road Construction Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close Robert Markowitz/AP NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants Filed under Nation And World at 17 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Marcia Dunn, AP Aerospace Writer Connect with Marcia Dunn Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- NASA chose 12 new astronauts Wednesday from its biggest pool of applicants ever, selecting seven men and five women who could one day fly aboard the nation's next generation of spacecraft. The astronaut class of 2017 includes doctors, scientists, engineers, pilots and military officers from Anchorage to Miami and points in between. They've worked in submarines, emergency rooms, university lecture halls, jet cockpits and battleships. They range in age from 29 to 42, and they typically led the pack. "It makes me personally feel very inadequate when you read what these folks have done," said NASA's acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot. Vice President Mike Pence welcomed group during a televised ceremony at NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. He offered President Donald Trump's congratulations and noted that the president is "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission, leading America in space." Pence assured the crowd that NASA will have the resources and support necessary to continue to make history. "Under President Donald Trump, America will lead in space once again, and the world will marvel," he said. More than 18,300 people threw their hats into the space ring during a brief application period 1 1/2 years ago. That's more than double the previous record of 8,000, set in 1978 when the space shuttles were close to launching. The 12 selected Wednesday will join 44 astronauts already in the NASA corps. U.S. astronauts have not launched from home soil since 2011, thus the low head count. But that could change next year. After two years of training, the newbies may end up riding commercial rockets to the International Space Station or flying beyond the moon in NASA's Orion spacecraft. Their ultimate destination could be Mars. SpaceX and Boeing are building capsules capable of carrying astronauts to the space station and back, as soon as next year. A launch engineer and senior manager for SpaceX, Robb Kulin, is among the new astronauts. He's also worked as an ice driller in Antarctica and a commercial fisherman in Alaska. "Hopefully, one day, I actually fly on a vehicle that ... I got to design," Kulin said. Kulin and his classmates may be in for a long wait for space. Some members of the class of 2009 have yet to launch. Jack Fischer, who was in that group, just got to the space station in April, but he said he couldn't be happier as he showed the latest hires their "new office" in a video. "It's a little bit cramped. The desk is kind of small. But the view. Oh, the view." This is NASA's 22nd group of astronauts. The first group, the original Mercury 7 astronauts, was chosen in 1959. Altogether, 350 Americans have now been selected to become astronauts. Requirements include U.S. citizenship; degrees in science, technology, engineering or math; and at least three years of experience or 1,000 hours of piloting jets. FEATURED PHOTO: This undated photo made available by NASA on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 shows the 2017 NASA Astronaut Class at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. From left are Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Jonny Kim, Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Warren Hoburg, Robb Kulin, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, Raji Chari, Loral O' Hara and Jessica Watkins. (Robert Markowitz/NASA via AP) Tags Nation And World Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home About Attribution Guidelines Contact Photo Gallery Africa Americas Asia Caribbean Press Center Feeds VIDEOS "In the Know" News Segments Public Service Announcements GLOBAL Africa Central Africa Central African Republic Congo (Democratic Republic) Madagascar East Africa Burundi Ethiopia Kenya Rwanda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Uganda North Africa Egypt Morocco Southern Africa Angola Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zambia Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Liberia Mali Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Togo Americas & Caribbean Caribbean Curaçao Dominican Republic Haiti Central America El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua North America Mexico United States South America Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Peru Asia & Oceania East Asia Mongolia South Asia Bangladesh India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Southeast Asia Cambodia East Timor Indonesia Myanmar Philippines Thailand Oceana Australia Samoa Solomon Islands Europe Albania Benin France Italy Kosovo Malta Moldova Portugal Slovakia Spain Ukraine Middle East Israel Syria Turkey Yemen UNITED STATES: Two Salesian High School Students Receive $40,000 College Scholarships from Edison Scholars Program By MissionNewswire at May 26, 2017 | 6:42 am | Print Two students from Salesian high schools in the Los Angeles Catholic Archdiocese are the recipients of the Edison Scholars Program, according to an article from Angelus. The Edison Scholars Program provides 30 high school seniors who excel in STEM subjects with $40,000 college scholarships. The Angelus article reports that on April 10, Pedro Pizarro, president and CEO of Edison International, went to Don Bosco Technical Institute in Rosemead and surprised student William Ramos with a $40,000 Edison Scholars check and medallion. Alfred Molina, a student at St. John Bosco High School in Bellflower, was also a recipient of the award. The winners were selected from both public and private schools in Southern California Edison’s service territory. “Edison International congratulates this year’s outstanding scholars,” said Pizarro in the article. “Through their pursuit of science, technology, engineering and math, we believe these students will make important contributions to our communities and society. We are proud to support them.” Don Bosco Technical Institute in Rosemead is an all-male Catholic high school that combines a rigorous college-preparatory program with a technology-focused education. The school’s innovative STEM curriculum allows students to exceed university admission requirements while completing extensive integrated coursework in one of five applied science and engineering fields. Each year for the past several years, 100 percent of the graduating class has earned college acceptances. Another senior from the school, Jacob Lovi, recently made the news when he developed an idea during his summer internship at Boeing that will save the company tens of thousands of dollars on every satellite, topping $1 million in savings within the next five to ten years. Lovi’s ideas focused on a time-wasting setup within the company that specifically dealt with its storage and use of shims (a type of washer that’s used to build satellites). Lovi created a plan that would remove shims that weren’t necessary and reorganize the storage system, including associated storage documentation. The school also offers courses in innovative green technologies. High school seniors studying green technologies in Bosco Tech’s Architecture & Construction Engineering program are creating and testing viable alternative fuels from cooking oil with remarkable results. The green and energy efficient engineering course stresses the importance of reducing, reusing and recycling and teaches how these environmentally sound precepts apply to architecture and engineering. During the 2014 -2015 school years, while studying alternative fuels, students executed a successful burn-comparison test where they observed and documented the energy and pollutants generated by their biodiesel formulas and compared it to those of petroleum-based diesel fuel. They found the biodiesel had an equivalent energy density to petroleum-based diesel, making it a viable alternative, while also diverting waste that would previously have gone to a landfill. The biodiesel also produced less smoke, possibly making it cleaner burning and less harmful to the environment. Sources Angelus News – Students from Salesian high schools awarded $40,000 scholarships for STEM excellence Newswire – Bosco Tech Student Interns at Boeing, Saves the Company Nearly $1 Million Newswire – Don Bosco Technical Institute’s Green Technology and Engineering Courses Prepare Youth for Higher Education and Careers in Cutting-edge Fields Uncategorized United States « Previous Related Posts VENEZUELA: Two Salesian Past Pupils Killed During Ongoing Political and Social Unrest SPAIN: Don Bosco Foundation Project is Helping Youth Connect in School and Excel PAPUA NEW GUINEA: Salesian Sisters Launch New Technical Secondary School for Girls SIERRA LEONE: Mobile Outreach Provides Counseling and Medical Care to Street Children in Freetown MEXICO: Salesian Volunteers from the United States Support Programs for Migrants and At-Risk Youth in Tijuana, Mexico Comments are closed. Translate to: ArabicBulgarianCatalanChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)CroatianCzechDanishDutchEnglishFilipinoFinnishFrenchGermanGreekHebrewHindiIndonesianItalianJapaneseKoreanLatvianLithuanianNorwegianPolishPortugueseRomanianRussianSerbianSlovakSlovenianSpanishSwedishUkrainianVietnamese Powered by Google Translate. Rss Feed Via Email © 2011 Mission Newswire / SALESIAN MISSIONS. All rights reserved. Salesian Missions is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization based in the United States. All donations are tax deductible. 85% of donations go directly to programs.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rockets and Missiles Market SWOT Analysis Of Top Key Player Forecasts To 2025 Global Rockets and Missiles Market: Snapshot The global market for rockets and missiles is anticipated to witness a substantial surge over the next few years, thanks to the increasing expenditure by various governments on their respective defense and military sectors. The rise in the defense budget will help in the uptake of technologically advanced rockets and missiles required for the strengthening of the defense forces across the world. Several nations, such as the U.S., the U.K., China, India, Russia, and Israel are likely to invest a massive amounts of money in designing and manufacturing modern rockets and missiles to equip their military forces and export them to other countries in the near future, which is also projected to support this market over the forthcoming years. However, the risk of malfunction of rockets and missiles launchers may hinder the market’s growth in the near future. The global market for rockets and missiles was worth US$32.10 bn in 2016. Rising at a CAGR of 3.40% from 2017 to 2025, the opportunity in this market is anticipated to reach US$ 43.01 bn by the end of 2025. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/rockets-missiles-marke… North America to Continue Leading Global Rockets and Missiles Market Based on the geography, the global market for rockets and missiles is classified into the Middle East and Africa, Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and Latin America. In 2016, North America dominated the market with a share of 30.1%. The extensive researches for the development of technologically advanced rockets and missiles, being carried out in this region to strengthen its defense forces, has been propelling the North America market for rockets and missiles. Researchers expect this scenario to remain so over the forthcoming years, with the U.S. emerging as the leading domestic market for rockets and missiles in this region. On the flip side, Asia Pacific is anticipated to surface as a promising market for rockets and missiles in the years to come. Several countries, such as China and India are investing a massive sum in designing, developing and manufacturing modern rockets and missiles in order to equip their forces with the same. South Korea, on the other hand, is in the process of procuring large numbers of rockets and missiles. These factors, as a result, is projected to boost the Asia Pacific market for rockets and missiles over the next few years. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Rockets and Missiles market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Artillery Rockets and Surface to Air Missiles to Report Strong Demand Artillery and air to ground rockets are the two prime types of rockets available in the global market. The demand for artillery rockets is a bit higher than air to ground rockets and the trend is anticipated to continue over the coming years. In terms of missiles, the market is categorized into surface to air missiles, cruise missiles, anti-ship missiles, anti-tank missiles, anti-submarine missiles, and others, such as air to air missiles, air to ground missiles, intercontinental ballistic missiles, and anti-radiation missiles. Surface to air missiles have been reporting a higher demand than other missiles available in this market. Analysts project this trend to remain so in the years to come, thanks to the efficiency of surface to air missiles in destroying the enemy aircraft, helicopters, and various incoming rockets and missiles. Lockheed Martin Corp., BAE Systems, Northrop Grumman Corp., Raytheon Co., General Dynamics Corp., Boeing, Thales Group, Leonardo, Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd., and MBDA Missiles Systems are some of the key vendors of rockets and missiles across the world. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Marine Generators Market Analysis and Prediction to 2020 by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Next PostNext Heat Treated Glass Market: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts in US 2021 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight SpaceX Will Launch Next Secret X-37B Mission for US Air Force By Phillip Swarts, SpaceNews | June 7, 2017 01:18pm ET MORE The U.S. Air Force's robotic X-37B space plane on the Shuttle Landing Facility runway at NASA's Kennedy Space Center after a May 7, 2017, landing that ended a 718-day mission. Credit: U.S. Air Force SAN ANTONIO, Texas — The Air Force is preparing to launch its secret X-37B space plane aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket later this year, the service said yesterday (June 6). It will be the first time Elon Musk’s company will carry the robotic X-37B into orbit, and is possibly the biggest national security launch SpaceX has been responsible for to date. The X-37B “will be going up again on top of a SpaceX launcher in August,” Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson said at a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee, showing members a small model of the space plane. [The Mysterious X-37B Space Plane: 6 Surprising Facts] This will be the fifth launch of the X-37B, which is also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle. Wilson didn’t disclose why the Air Force selected SpaceX over United Launch Alliance, who launched the first four X-37B missions aboard Atlas V rockets. However, she emphasized in her testimony the growing capabilities of the commercial space industry in general. "There’s some very exciting things happening in commercial space that bring the opportunity for assured access to space at a very competitive price," Wilson said. Randy Walden, director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, said in a press release that "the ability to launch the Orbital Test Vehicle on multiple platforms will ensure a robust launch capability for our experiment designers. We are excited about this new partnership on creating flexible and responsive launch options and are confident in SpaceX’s ability to provide safe and assured access to space for the X-37B program." The X-37B vehicle returned from its fourth mission on May 7, landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida after 718 days in orbit. There are actually two Boeing-built X-37B spacecraft. The Air Force has not indicated which one will be launching aboard the SpaceX rocket. However, the fact that the service has been alternating missions between the two craft, and that the second X-37B was the one that landed in May, means that it’s likely the first X-37B is due up for the next mission. The Air Force said it intends to continue building "upon its fourth mission collaboration with experiment partners. The mission will carry the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Advanced Structurally Embedded Thermal Spreader (ASETS-11) to test experimental electronics and oscillating heat pipes in the long duration space environment." The X-37B is a secret Air Force program, with the first space plane launching on April 22, 2010 and spending roughly 224 days in orbit. The Air Force said that all together, the four missions have spent a total of 2,085 days in space. Reporter Jeff Foust contributed to this story. This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations Read SpaceNews for the Latest in Space Industry News Air Force Space Plane Lands After 718 Days | Video X-37B Space Plane's Capabilities Explained By Boeing | Video Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Image of the Day Watch Live! Now: 2017 Astronaut Class Interviews, Later: NASA Budget Hearing Total Solar Eclipse 2017: When, Where and How to See It (Safely) Total Solar Eclipse Complete Coverage A 'Feel-Good Moment for Science': Volunteers Spot the Sun's Newest Neighbor HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Military Exoskeleton Market Research Report and Forecast up to 2025 Global Military Exoskeleton Market: Overview Military exoskeleton is robotic-like suit which provides powered assist and increase the strength of the soldiers during combat. There are several factors driving the demand for these exoskeletons globally. The increasing concern for security and safety from growing criminal activities and cross border terrorism has resulted into the need for soldier safety during warfare. A military exoskeleton suite empowers the soldier to lift heavy weights, run at faster speeds and defend themselves from enemy attacks. Moreover, the changing concept of warfare has led to the development of biological weapons which are more harmful to the body. These can also prevent direct contact of the soldier from harmful gases. These factors are aiding to the demand for exoskeleton suits globally. Furthermore, the need for quick coordination during warfare has led to the need for advanced communication systems which cannot be tracked by the enemy. Hence, the soldier suits need to be integrated with these electronics which include range finders, optronics, radios and navigation systems to name a few. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/military-exoskeleton-m… Global Military Exoskeleton Market: Drivers and Trends However, the integration of these electronics increases the overall weight of the suits and makes it difficult for the soldiers to move swiftly. The development of lightweight exoskeletons will reduce the weight considerable and give added advantages to the soldiers by enhancing their mobility. These factors are expected to drive the demand for military exoskeletons considerably during the forecast period. However, a primary reason restraining the growth of the market is the price involved in procuring the exoskeletons. One exoskeleton suit can cost up to USD 150,000. Furthermore, the defense agencies need to place order in large quantities which can further increase the cost of procurement. Global Military Exoskeleton Market: Segmentation The global military exoskeleton market has been segmented by types, power and geography. By types, the market has been segregated into full body exoskeleton and partial body exoskeleton systems. The partial body exoskeletons are expected to dominate the military exoskeleton market globally. Furthermore, the market has been bifurcated by power into active exoskeletons and passive exoskeletons. Currently, the active exoskeleton systems are witnessing higher demand in the market due to need for providing the soldiers increased strength and stamina in the battlefield. By geography, the global market has been segmented into five important regions consisting of North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa (MEA) and Latin America. North America and Europe has been analyzed to lead the global military exoskeleton market during the forecast period. The global report of military exoskeleton systems also includes the key trends expected to affect the demand and supply of the exoskeletons in future. Moreover, the market attractiveness of the various types of exoskeletons have been included in order understand the future opportunities of these segments. The global market of military exoskeletons has been tracked in terms of revenue from 2017 to 2025 where in 2016 has been considered as the base year of the study. Key Players Mentioned in the Report are: The global market of military exoskeleton is witnessing intense competition from the leading players operating in the market. These players also undergo mergers and acquisition in order to sustain in the competitive environment. Furthermore, some of the players also follow a strategy of working in collaboration with others in order to create innovative products. The report also includes a detailed company profile of the major players which includes the company overview, product segments, and financial performance over the last three years, SWOT analysis and the business strategies adopted by them. The key players profiled in this report include Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), BAE Systems (U.K.), Raytheon Company (U.S.), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S.), Boeing (U.S.), Honeywell Aerospace (U.S.), Ekso Bionics Holdings (U.S.), Bionic Power (Canada), Safran S.A. (France) and SpringActive, Inc. (U.S.). Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Military Exoskeleton market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The Global Military Exoskeleton market can be segmented as follows;- Global Military Exoskeleton Market, By Types Full Body Exoskeleton Partial Body Exoskeleton Global Military Exoskeleton Market, By Power Active Exoskeleton Passive Exoskeleton Global Military Exoskeleton Market, By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Germany France Italy Rest of Europe Asia-Pacific China Japan India South Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia South Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Health Net Federal Services Expands and Hosts Statewide Career Opportunities in Hawaii Next PostNext Die bonding tape Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 08, 9:52 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Watch Live: NASA Announces 2017 Astronaut Class Along With VP Mike Pence By Nina Godlewski @NinaGodlewski On 06/07/17 AT 12:10 PM Close Come Wednesday afternoon NASA will have some new employees. How many exactly is still a secret. NASA will be announcing its newest class of astronauts at 2 p.m. EDT at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. Vice President Mike Pence will be in attendance at the ceremony that will stream online, NASA said. Pence also plans to tour mission control and hear briefings on current missions while he's at the center. The class will be made up of eight to 14 astronauts with diverse skills and backgrounds chosen from more than 18,000 applicants, a record-breaking applicant pool. The application process was open from December 2015 to February 2016, and the JSC had to bring human resources workers in from other NASA offices to help them sort through the thousands of applications. Read: 10 Of The Most Exciting NASA Missions Scheduled To Launch In The Next 5 Years The astronauts in the class announced Wednesday who complete two years of training will then be eligible for assignment on four spacecraft: the International Space Station, NASA’s Orion spacecraft built for deep space exploration that has yet to launch with humans aboard, or one of two entirely new craft still in the works. The two craft still under development include the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner. They’ll help bring crew to the space station and expand the crew size. The astronauts will be the first class chosen specifically with missions that explore areas outside Earth’s orbit and the moon in mind. During a live video call with astronauts on the International Space Station in April, President Donald Trump said he wanted to see NASA astronauts on Mars in his first term, or second, a mission he hopes to accomplish thanks to a bill he signed funding NASA plans. The last astronaut class was announced in 2013. Wednesday’s introduction of the new class will be attended by NASA Acting Administrator Robert Lightfoot, JSC Director Ellen Ochoa (a former astronaut) and Flight Operations Director Brian Kelly. The three will join the new astronaut class on stage for the event and introduction. Read: NASA Transition Authorization Act: Trump Signs Bill In the days leading up to the announcement, NASA shared exciting tidbits on its social media accounts. The astronauts were at the center Tuesday for the final fittings for their space suits, according to a tweet. Current NASA astronauts had a hand in helping screen applications and choose which applicants made it into the final rounds of interviews. They also made a welcome video for their new colleagues that was posted online ahead of the announcement. The event will be streaming live at 2 p.m. EDT online and followed immediately by a stream of Vice President Pence’s tour of the center and then a news conference on the announcement. Watch the NASA astronaut class of 2017 announcement live: Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories NASA Astronaut Peggy Whitson Breaks Space Stay Record Apollo 13 Capt. Jim Lovell Reflects On The Historic Flight Mining The Moon Recommended Business Sears To Shut Down Over 70 Stores In January, Sears announced it would be shutting down 150 stores and, in May, added at least 30 more stores to that list. Technology ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ Actor Kills Dreams Of E3 Release Date Reveal ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ might have some sort of presence at E3 2017, but one of the game’s voice actors says we shouldn’t expect a release date reveal. Read the full disappointing tweet here. World Iran Blames Trump's Visit To Saudi For Tehran Attacks Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps blamed, in a statement, President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, for Wednesday's twin terror attacks in Tehran. National How Much Did James Comey Make Before His Firing? Before Comey was removed from his position by President Donald Trump, the former FBI director was taking home a substantial paycheck. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Elon Musk's SpaceX will launch the US Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane Reuters Jun. 7, 2017, 10:52 AM 1,868 facebook linkedin twitter email print Handout of the US Air Force's X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle mission 4 after landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Cape Canaveral. Thomson Reuters CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp will fly its first mission for the US Air Force in August when it launches the military’s X-37B miniature space plane, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson said on Tuesday.  Four previous X-37B missions were launched by United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rockets. "SpaceX will be sending the next Air Force payload up into space in August," Wilson said during webcast testimony before the US Senate Armed Services Committee. She later specified that the payload would be one of the Air Force’s two X-37B space planes.  The X-37B is an orbital test vehicle about one-quarter of the size of NASA's retired space shuttles. It has a cargo bay about the size of pickup truck's. Its most recent mission ended in May, when it landed with a sonic boom at Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Since the X-37B first flew in April 2010, the test vehicle program has spent a total of 2,085 days in orbit. What the orbiters have been doing during that time in space — at relatively low altitudes — remains unclear. The US Air Force X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle 4 at NASA's Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility in Florida, May 7, 2017. US Air Force The X-37B program "performs risk reduction, experimentation, and concept-of-operations development for reusable space-vehicle technologies," the Air Force said in a release issued after the May landing. In 2011, Arthur Grantz, a chief engineer at Boeing, which built the X-37B, said the vehicle could eventually be modified to carry passengers, though he didn't say exactly what the US military wanted to do with it. Its orbit and engines may indicate the X-37B is being used as part of a program to move reconnaissance satellites into lower orbit, where their photos would be better but more fuel would be required. (Reporting by Irene Klotz. Editing by Joseph White and Steve Orlofsky) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. SEE ALSO: Here's everything we know about the mysterious Air Force plane that just landed after 2 years in space NOW WATCH: NASA's new Mars rover concept looks like a Batmobile Loading video... More: Reuters SpaceX Elon Musk NASA Air Force US Air Force Space Orbit facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Elon Musk's SpaceX will launch the US Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane Elon Musk's SpaceX will launch the US Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (Reuters) - Elon... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Market Report, „Target Drones Market – Global Forecast to 2022”, Published Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 06/07/2017 — Target Drones Market by Engine Type (IC, Jet, others), End-user (Defense, Homeland Security, Commercial), Platform (Aerial, Ground, Underwater, and Sea Surface), Target Type (Full- & Sub-scaled, Free Fly, Tow, Sport) and Region – Global Forecast to 2022 „Target Drones offer a solution for threat simulation trainings” The target drones market is projected to grow from USD 3.79 billion in 2016 to USD 6.20 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.55% from 2016 to 2022. The growth of the target drones market can be mainly attributed to factors, such as increased emphasis on enhanced military training and various advantages of target drones over manned target vehicles. However, lack of skilled and trained personnel to operate and control target drones may restrain the growth of this market. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Target Drones Market – Global Forecast to 2022 „The sub-scaled market segment is estimated to lead the target drones market in 2016” Based on target type, the sub-scaled segment is estimated to lead the target drones market in 2016. The growth of this segment can be attributed to the increased procurement of sub-scaled aerial target drones by armed forces across the globe because advanced capabilities in simulating the threat scenario at comparatively low-cost. „The linefit segment is projected to witness highest growth during the forecast period” Based on fit, the linefit is projected to witness the highest growth from period 2016 to 2022. Owing to limited defense budget allocation in emerging countries, customization of fighter aircraft is not feasible, as most of the emerging countries procure fighter aircraft from the U.S. and Russia, and cannot afford to convert them into aerial targets. Hence, target drones are majorly linefitted. „North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016” Based on region, North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016. The U.S. is the only country converting old fighter aircraft into aerial targets to help in simulating real-time threat scenarios for military anti-aircraft and missile testing training exercises. The U.S. Air Force is planning to convert a total of 126 units of F-16 into QF-16 target drones. The U.S. is a major procurer of sub-scaled aerial targets. Kratos’ unmanned combat aerial target vehicles business is anticipated double in next two year, based on the contracts awarded to the company by the U.S. Air Force. Break-up of profile of primary participants in the target drones market: -By Company Type – Tier 1 – 30%, Tier 2 – 35%, and Tier 3 – 35% -By Designation – C Level – 32%, Director Level – 38%, and Others – 30% -By Region – North America – 27%, Europe – 18%, Asia-Pacific – 46%, and RoW – 9% Major companies profiled in the report include The Boeing Company (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), QinetiQ Group plc (U.K.), Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Saab AB (Sweden), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Airbus Group (Netherlands), Leonardo S.p.A. (Italy), ASV Global (U.K.), and AeroTargets International, LLC (U.S.). Research Coverage: This research report categorizes the target drones market based on engine type (internal combustion engines, jet engines, and others), end user (defense, homeland security, and commercial), fit (linefit and customized fit), platform (aerial targets, ground targets, underwater targets, and sea surface targets), and target type (full scaled, Sub-Scaled, towing, free flying and sub-scaled). These segments and subsegments were mapped across major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, MENA and Rest of the World (RoW) Reasons to buy this report: From an insight perspective, this research report focused on various levels of analyses -industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the target drones market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. The report provides insights on the following pointers: -Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on target drones offered by top players in the market -Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on upcoming technologies, research & development activities, and new product launches in the target drones market -Market Development: Comprehensive information about lucrative markets – the report analyzes the target drones market across varied regions -Market Diversification: Exhaustive information about new products, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments in the target drones market About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Defense research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market, – Global Forecast to 2022 –Drone Services Market – Global Forecast to 2022 –Drone Identification System Market – Global Forecast to 2022 –Shoulder Fired Weapons Market – Global Forecast to 2022 –Agriculture Drones Market – Global Forecast to 2022 CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Sauces, Dressings and Condiments Market Growth, Trends, Absolute Opportunity and Value Chain 2014-2020 Next PostNext Video Management Software (VMS) Global Market Expected to Reach $14.4 Billion with 24.7% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space NASA Watch NASA announce its newest class of astronauts this afternoon New, 1 comment The show gets underway at 2PM ET by Loren Grush@lorengrush Jun 7, 2017, 9:20am EDT share tweet Linkedin Today, NASA is announcing to the world its newest class of astronauts at the space agency’s Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. This is the new group of people who could potentially fly on brand-new vehicles into lower Earth orbit or into deep space one day. Around a dozen lucky and incredibly talented humans will join the ranks of the astronaut corps this afternoon, which currently boasts 44 people who are eligible for flight assignments. The newest class was handpicked from more than 18,300 hopefuls who applied between December 2015 and February 2016 — the highest amount of submissions NASA has ever received during an open call. Before this, around 8,000 was the record for most submissions in 1978. To be picked, people have to meet a certain set of criteria — such as having a bachelor’s degree in a STEM field or experience flying jet aircraft — and then go through rounds of interviews. So today’s new astronauts have gone through a lot to get to this point. More than 18,300 hopefuls applied between December 2015 and February 2016 And this latest class may have the chance to ride on some entirely novel spacecraft that are currently in development. As of now, the only ride astronauts have is the Russian Soyuz rocket, which ferries people to and from the International Space Station. But both SpaceX and Boeing are working on vehicles — the Dragon and CST-100 Starliner, respectively — that will be able to take astronauts to the ISS; those are slated to start flying as early as 2018. Plus, NASA is also developing the Orion crew capsule, designed to carry people into deep space when launched on top of a new rocket called the Space Launch System; that vehicle is slated to start carrying people in the 2020s. After two years of training, the new astronaut class could be assigned to any of these new spacecraft. Today’s announcement gets underway at 2PM ET, and it’s shaping up to be a dynamic show. Vice President Mike Pence will even be in attendance in Houston. So check back here this afternoon to see who made the cut. Next Up In Science Archaeologists unearth the oldest Homo sapiens ever discovered NASA adds 12 new astronauts to its active flight corps Astronomers saw one star warp another’s light in a way that Einstein thought we’d never see SpaceX scores contract to launch Air Force’s secretive X-37B spaceplane Watch SpaceX’s most recent beachside rocket landing in 4K Tim Cook says Trump should’ve stayed with the Paris climate agreement Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its first anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 1 comment / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 14 comments / new Honda reveals its plans for autonomous vehicles by Sam Byford Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 'It completely surprised all of us': A rift between Arab powers deepens woes for Gulf airlines Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan, Reuters Jun. 7, 2017, 8:29 AM 856 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. Faisal Al Nasser (Reuters) "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections."  Shift To Other Carriers Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. James/Flickr While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons.  Fragmented Airspace The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap , one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." People are seen buying essential food staples at a supermarket in Doha, Qatar, Monday, June 5, 2017. @shalome05 via AP That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. Iran Joins IATA Board The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbors including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. President Donald Trump waits to deliver a speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit, at the King Abdelaziz Conference Center. AP Photo/Evan Vucci The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation <2588.HKX>.   (Additional reporting by Brad Haynes and Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Tarrant) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. SEE ALSO: One map shows how much trouble Qatar Airways may be in NOW WATCH: 'Really?': A reporter calls out Huckabee's claim that 'countless' FBI employees were happy with Comey's firing Loading video... More: Reuters Middle East Planes Qatar Qatar Airlines facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 'It completely surprised all of us': A rift between Arab powers deepens woes for Gulf airlines 'It completely surprised all of us': A rift between Arab powers deepens woes for Gulf airlines CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reuters Science News Summary By Reuters Published: 08:59 EDT, 7 June 2017 | Updated: 08:59 EDT, 7 June 2017 e-mail Following is a summary of current science news briefs. Even moderate drinking linked to changes in brain structure, study finds Drinking even moderate amounts of alcohol is linked to changes in brain structure and an increased risk of worsening brain function, scientists said on Tuesday. In a 30-year study that looked at the brains of 550 middle-aged heavy drinkers, moderate drinkers and teetotallers, the researchers found people drank more alcohol had a greater risk of hippocampal atrophy - a form of brain damage that affects memory and spatial navigation. With a sloppy 'kiss,' intrepid fish enjoys perilous feast A kiss from a colorful reef fish called a tubelip wrasse is no one's idea of romance, being so full of slime and suction, but it is perfectly suited for eating a hazardous diet using one of the animal kingdom's most unique feeding strategies. Scientists on Monday described for the first time how the fish thrives in the Indian Ocean and central-western Pacific as one of the few creatures capable of dining on corals, one of the planet's most difficult menu items. Scientists hope to show humankind originated in Mediterranean A team of excavators in Bulgaria has resumed a search for fossils of an ape-like creature which may be the oldest-known direct ancestor of man and whose discovery has challenged the central hypothesis that humankind originated in Africa. The Graecopithecus freybergi, who lived 7.2 million years ago, is known only from a lower jawbone, unearthed in 1944 in Greece, and an isolated tooth, found in 2009 near the Bulgarian town of Chirpan, where excavations have now restarted. SpaceX wins launch of U.S. Air Force X-37B space plane Elon Musk's Space Exploration Technologies Corp will fly its first mission for the U.S. Air Force in August when it launches the military's X-37B miniature spaceplane, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson said on Tuesday. Four previous X-37B missions were launched by United LaunchAlliance Atlas 5 rockets. ULA is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co . India´s most powerful rocket launches satellite into orbit India launched a communication satellite using its most powerful rocket on Monday, improving its prospects of winning a bigger share of the more than $300 billion global space industry and its hopes of a manned mission. The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV) Mk III, or "Fat Boy", lifted off from the Sriharikota space center in southern India at 5.28 p.m. (1158 GMT) in clear blue skies. China making 'preliminary' preparations for manned lunar mission China is making "preliminary" preparations to send a man to the moon, state media cited a senior space official as saying, the latest goal in China's ambitious lunar exploration program. China in 2003 became the third country to put a man in space with its own rocket after the former Soviet Union and the United States. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine to start, then a few afternoon clouds. High 84F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Metro Close 1 of 10 What a balloon race would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The Central Fields in Forest Park are getting a makeover, as seen on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. A new building is under construction and the fields have all been graded. In the background is the hospital complex along Kingshighway. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) What a sporting event would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed southern comfort station at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields, current condition. (photo provided by Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, seen from the side, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed new entrance, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed pavilion at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields at Forest Park getting new trails, visitor facilities as part of $5.8 million makeover By Mike Faulk St. Louis Post-Dispatch Mike Faulk Jun 7, 2017 (…) The Central Fields in Forest Park are getting a makeover, as seen on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. A new building is under construction and the fields have all been graded. In the background is the hospital complex along Kingshighway. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed southern comfort station at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields, current condition. (photo provided by Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, seen from the side, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed new entrance, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed pavilion at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The barren fields that have served as home to LouFest and the Great Forest Park Balloon Race are getting much-needed improvements as part of ongoing renovations to Forest Park. A ceremonial groundbreaking for the $5.8 million project at Central Fields took place Tuesday, marking a more than yearlong process to improve the area east of the Muny. The project will level the 30 acres of uneven fields, install irrigation and drainage, build new visitor facilities and lay new trails connecting the area to other park attractions. “It’s a blank canvas,” Forest Park Forever President and Executive Director Lesley Hoffarth said. “It’s just grass that hasn’t gotten that extra care like other parts of the park.” St. Louis Director of Parks, Recreation and Forestry Greg Hayes said the addition of irrigation and drainage will make the turf more durable during heavy foot traffic or after torrential downpours. The Great Forest Park Balloon Race, which takes off from the fields annually, was canceled last September in part due to the poor conditions of the fields after heavy rain. “It’s not ideal,” Hayes said. +9  What a balloon race would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The new-look fields will include four soccer pitches, three rugby fields, new restrooms and a concession stand. New trails will connect the Central Fields to Steinberg Rink and the Jewel Box, and new trees and landscaping will be installed. +9  What a sporting event would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Hayes said he hopes the project will be completed by September 2018. This year’s LouFest will be held at the Festival and Parking Plaza, formerly known as the Upper Muny Lot, to accommodate the work. The balloon race, and the popular balloon glow preceding it the night before, will move to Art Hill. The Central Fields have also traditionally been home to softball fields; those will be located at Forest Park’s Boeing Aviation Field, which is already home to baseball fields. The project is largely funded through private donations to Forest Park Forever, a nonprofit conservancy that partners with the city to manage the park. The city also provided funds for the project. The Central Fields project is part of the Forest Park Master Plan drafted in 1995. It was that year Forest Park Forever and the city began raising $100 million through 2003 to improve other landmark destinations in the park including the Emerson Grand Basin, the Boathouse and the Jewel Box. For more information on the project, visit forestparkforever.org. Tags Forest Park Central Fields Forest Park Forever Lesley Hoffarth Forest Park Master Plan St. Louis Forest Park Field Sport Commerce Software Trail Mike Faulk Follow Mike Faulk Close Get email notifications on Mike Faulk daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Mike Faulk posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Mike Faulk Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Chesterfield voids contract for Matheny-affiliated sports complex Angry crowd gathers after SUV pursued by St. Ann officer causes crash in St. Louis Motorist shot to death on Interstate 70 after he stopped to check on a tire St. Louis mayor calls for tax to raise police pay to fight violence Follow us Latest in section 1970: Marchers backing war attack family on their front lawn Happy 150th, Frank Lloyd Wright! His legacy endures in St. Louis Las Vegas sex-trafficking suspect shut twin brother out of his life, says allegations are lies Neil Svetanics, retired fire chief of St. Louis and Lemay departments, dies at 77 Blunt: What Comey won't talk about could be a problem in showdown hearing Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Garage and estate sales Government pay Joe's St. Louis Kevin Horrigan Lottery Obituaries Pat Gauen Press releases Tony Messenger Traffic map Enter daily for your shot at being our LouFest VIP! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Smart Weapons Market Showing 5.55% CAGR Growth to 2021: Company Profiles & Trends Analysis Global Smart Weapons market 2017-2021 Market Research Report was a professional and depth research report on Smart Weapons market that you would know the world’s major regional market conditions of Smart Weapons market, the main region including (United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia). About Smart Weapons market Smart weapons are guided weapons that can accurately strike a stationary or mobile target. These weapons locate the targets with the help of various guidance systems such as cameras, infrared, GPS, lasers, and satellites. Since their inception, such weapons have continued to evolve and provide the military and paramilitary forces with high accuracy, wide range, and increased lethality. With the increasing modernization in weapon manufacturing technologies and the growing demand for accuracy of air-to-air, air-to-ground, or ground-to-ground strikes, many smart weapons have been developed. Advances in smart weapons would further enhance the capability and efficiency of the military units. Research analysts forecast the global Smart Weapons market to grow at a CAGR of 5.55% during the period 2017-2021. The Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021 report is available at a discount of USD 1000 on listed prices and for a limited time only – get your discount @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/check-for-discount/298752//?utm_source=spr-SK Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global smart weapons market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the recent sales. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA Research report, Global Smart Weapons Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request a sample copy of Smart Weapons Market Research Report @  https://www.marketstudyreport.com/request-a-sample/298752/?utm_source=spr-SK Key vendors General Dynamics , Lockheed Martin, MBDA, Orbital ATK, Raytheon Other prominent vendors Boeing, L3 Technologies, Rheinmetall AG, Textron Systems, Thales Group Market driver Development of precision-guided weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Issues associated with smart weapons For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Development of advanced weapon systems For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Find out more @ https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-smart-weapons-market-2017-2021 Related Reports: – Global Rocket and Missile Market Research Report 2017 In this report, the global Rocket and Missile market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. …. https://www.marketstudyreport.com/reports/global-rocket-and-missile-market-research-report-2017/?utm_source=RR-SK About Us: Centralize market research purchases across your entire organization in one place.Marketstudyreport.com allows you to manage and control all corporate research purchases to consolidate billing and vendor management. You can eliminate duplicate purchases and customize your content and license management. Contact Us: Market Study Report The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketstudyreport.com Website: https://www.marketstudyreport.com News: https://www.marketstudyreport.com/category/news-releases/ Connect with us: Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAerospace, aerospace & defense, Business, Technology, UAV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oxygen Therapy Devices Market 2017 – Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Restraining Growth of Overhead Cranes Market in United States: Recent Developments, In-Depth Analysis Overview Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny to partly cloudy. High 84F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 8, 2017 @ 6:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Metro Close 1 of 10 What a balloon race would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The Central Fields in Forest Park are getting a makeover, as seen on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. A new building is under construction and the fields have all been graded. In the background is the hospital complex along Kingshighway. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) What a sporting event would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed southern comfort station at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields, current condition. (photo provided by Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, seen from the side, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed new entrance, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed pavilion at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields at Forest Park getting new trails, visitor facilities as part of $5.8 million makeover By Mike Faulk St. Louis Post-Dispatch Mike Faulk Jun 7, 2017 (…) The Central Fields in Forest Park are getting a makeover, as seen on Tuesday, June 6, 2017. A new building is under construction and the fields have all been graded. In the background is the hospital complex along Kingshighway. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed southern comfort station at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Central Fields, current condition. (photo provided by Forest Park Forever) Proposed hillside comfort station, seen from the side, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed new entrance, Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Proposed pavilion at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The barren fields that have served as home to LouFest and the Great Forest Park Balloon Race are getting much-needed improvements as part of ongoing renovations to Forest Park. A ceremonial groundbreaking for the $5.8 million project at Central Fields took place Tuesday, marking a more than yearlong process to improve the area east of the Muny. The project will level the 30 acres of uneven fields, install irrigation and drainage, build new visitor facilities and lay new trails connecting the area to other park attractions. “It’s a blank canvas,” Forest Park Forever President and Executive Director Lesley Hoffarth said. “It’s just grass that hasn’t gotten that extra care like other parts of the park.” St. Louis Director of Parks, Recreation and Forestry Greg Hayes said the addition of irrigation and drainage will make the turf more durable during heavy foot traffic or after torrential downpours. The Great Forest Park Balloon Race, which takes off from the fields annually, was canceled last September in part due to the poor conditions of the fields after heavy rain. “It’s not ideal,” Hayes said. +9  What a balloon race would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) The new-look fields will include four soccer pitches, three rugby fields, new restrooms and a concession stand. New trails will connect the Central Fields to Steinberg Rink and the Jewel Box, and new trees and landscaping will be installed. +9  What a sporting event would look like at the renovated Central Fields, Forest Park (rendering by SWT Design, courtesy of Forest Park Forever) Hayes said he hopes the project will be completed by September 2018. This year’s LouFest will be held at the Festival and Parking Plaza, formerly known as the Upper Muny Lot, to accommodate the work. The balloon race, and the popular balloon glow preceding it the night before, will move to Art Hill. The Central Fields have also traditionally been home to softball fields; those will be located at Forest Park’s Boeing Aviation Field, which is already home to baseball fields. The project is largely funded through private donations to Forest Park Forever, a nonprofit conservancy that partners with the city to manage the park. The city also provided funds for the project. The Central Fields project is part of the Forest Park Master Plan drafted in 1995. It was that year Forest Park Forever and the city began raising $100 million through 2003 to improve other landmark destinations in the park including the Emerson Grand Basin, the Boathouse and the Jewel Box. For more information on the project, visit forestparkforever.org. Tags Forest Park Central Fields Forest Park Forever Lesley Hoffarth Forest Park Master Plan St. Louis Forest Park Field Sport Commerce Software Trail Mike Faulk Follow Mike Faulk Close Get email notifications on Mike Faulk daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Mike Faulk posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Mike Faulk Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Man and his mother found dead after apparent heroin overdoses in St. Louis home Chesterfield voids contract for Matheny-affiliated sports complex Angry crowd gathers after SUV pursued by St. Ann officer causes crash in St. Louis Motorist shot to death on Interstate 70 after he stopped to check on a tire St. Louis mayor calls for tax to raise police pay to fight violence Follow us Latest in section 1970: Marchers backing war attack family on their front lawn Las Vegas sex-trafficking suspect shut twin brother out of his life, says allegations are lies Neil Svetanics, retired fire chief of St. Louis and Lemay departments, dies at 77 Blunt: What Comey won't talk about could be a problem in showdown hearing Boy, 6, who pleaded for end to St. Louis gun violence in video gets college fund from rapper Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Garage and estate sales Government pay Joe's St. Louis Kevin Horrigan Lottery Obituaries Pat Gauen Press releases Tony Messenger Traffic map Enter daily for your shot at being our LouFest VIP! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Gulf rift: Qataris banned from boarding flights to UAE, says Etihad Airways Business Standard After laptop ban, low oil prices, Arab rift deepens woes of Gulf carriers Saudi Arabia,Egypt,UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, resulting in Qatar rerouting Reuters  |  Cancun  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 15:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfCG A Qatar Airways Airbus A350 XWB aircraft is displayed at the Singapore Airshow at Changi Exhibition Centre. (Photo:Reuters) ALSO READ Planning to visit Gulf? Saudi-Qatar rift threatens air travel across region Gulf-Qatar rift: What it means for India and the global oil market Qatar's rift with Saudi Arabia could turn up the heat on oil, gas prices Amid Gulf-Qatar rift, Indian basket of crude oils goes below $50 per barrel Oil prices slide over worries Gulf-Qatar rift will undermine output cuts A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with US rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by US and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. Read More On Saudi-qatar Rift | Airlines | Rift | Iata | Gulf | Saudi Arabia | Middle East | Turkey | Oil | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance After laptop ban, low oil prices, Arab rift deepens woes of Gulf carriers Saudi Arabia,Egypt,UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, resulting in Qatar rerouting Saudi Arabia,Egypt,UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, resulting in Qatar rerouting A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with US rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by US and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 After laptop ban, low oil prices, Arab rift deepens woes of Gulf carriers Saudi Arabia,Egypt,UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar, resulting in Qatar rerouting A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with US rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by US and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Investors in Asia batten down ahead of UK vote, Comey testimony and ECB Business Standard Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Reuters  |  CANCUN, Mexico  June 7, 2017 Last Updated at 12:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRfCG ALSO READ Global airlines call for open borders after Gulf rift Gulf rift threatens air travel disruption across region and beyond Major oil companies open their wallets in Gulf of Mexico bidding IMF says fiscal reform moving Gulf in 'right direction' Trump holds talks with Gulf leaders By Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. (Additional reporting by Brad Haynes and Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Tarrant) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Airlines | Iata | Gulf | Oil | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. By Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. (Additional reporting by Brad Haynes and Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Tarrant) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines By Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan CANCUN, Mexico (Reuters) - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. (Additional reporting by Brad Haynes and Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Tarrant) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content asia one Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World MORE All Sections BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT TRAVEL DIGITAL FOOD HEALTH WOMEN VIDEOS Lottery Results Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter Follow Us Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World Business Showbiz Health Food Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines A Qatar Airways plane is seen in Doha, Qatar June 5, 2017. PHOTO: Reuters Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan Reuters Jun 07, 2017 A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. Read also Trump takes sides in Arab rift, suggests support for isolation of Qatar It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with US rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. Read also Panicked Qatar shoppers stock up as Gulf rift bites While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by US and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap (AER.N), one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognised about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 per cent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation 2588. More aboutQatar UAE (United Arab Emirates) news POST Purchase this article for republication. SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! BRANDINSIDER SPONSORED Most Read Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox Name * E-mail * By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Leave this field blank Submit Loading... Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox Name * E-mail * By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Leave this field blank Submit About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Content Partners Berita Harian BrandInsider Cleo Female herworldPLUS Home & Decor Hardware Zone Harper's BAZAAR Luxury Insider Men's Health SilverKris Singapore's Women's Weekly SHAPE SG Travellers sgCarMart STOMP tabla! The Business Times The New Paper The Peak The Straits Times Torque Young Parents Lianhe Zao Bao SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198408262E. Terms & Conditions Personal Data Protection Statement
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate The new Washington State University campus building is seen in north Everett. An open house is set for Aug. 15. (Ian Terry / The Herald) Ribbon-cutting ceremony set for WSU building in north Everett Jim Davis Wed Jun 7th, 2017 12:21pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — An open house is planned for Aug. 15 for the new Washington State University campus building in north Everett. The four-story, 95,000-square-foot building will house classes and programs for WSU North Puget Sound at Everett as well as for University Center, which brings together several universities and colleges that offer bachelor’s and master’s degree programs in Everett. The first classes are to be held there Aug. 21. WSU North Puget Sound Chancellor Paul Pitre, along with WSU President Kirk Schulz, Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson and Everett Community College President David Beyer, are scheduled to be on hand for a ribbon-cutting at the building at 3:30 p.m. Aug. 15. The state set aside $54.6 million to construct the building, which will be called WSU North Puget Sound at Everett. An official dedication is planned at the end of October when the Board of Regents meets at the site. WSU is pursuing industry partnerships for the building, including naming rights for rooms within the building. The building will house engineering and computer laboratories, active learning and general classrooms, a tiered lecture hall, a math and writing tutoring center, an enrollment services center and a café operated by Bargreen Coffee. It includes administrative and faculty offices and rooms for students to study or work collaboratively. On the first floor, the Boeing Innovation Studio includes state-of-the-art machining equipment for students. Last year, WSU built a parking lot with 219 spaces immediately north of the building. In the fall of 2016, WSU North Puget Sound had enrolled nearly 200 students and Everett University Center had more than 500 students. The new building has capacity for 1,000 to 1,100 students. People interested in attending the ribbon-cutting ceremony are asked to sign up at this link.   Most Read Appointed county councilman’s youth, connections criticized MARYSVILLE — Nate Nehring’s youth and political ties were objects of curiosity… Jun 7th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Vote here for the high school athletes of the year Here are the seniors nominated for Boys Athlete of the Year and… Jun 8th, 2017 by Herald Staff Ribbon-cutting ceremony set for WSU building in north Everett EVERETT — An open house is planned for Aug. 15 for the… Jun 7th, 2017 by Jim Davis Woman uses app to track man suspected of stealing from her LAKE STEVENS — A 26-year-old woman discovered her Jeep had been broken… Jun 7th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins DUI suspected in Lake Stevens head-on collision; 2 injured LAKE STEVENS — Deputies with the Snohomish County Sheriff’s Office investigated an… Jun 7th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 46-55 We set you thinking Thursday 8 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media 1496930221 World North Korea launches missiles at area where US warships had sailed 1496898120 Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations 1496929352 World UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online 1496903745 Business Italy rally soothes Europe's UK election, ECB jitters 1496925587 Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed 1496928822 Business Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private 1496927864 World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war 1496928406 Singapore Singapore Zoo’s white tiger, Omar, dies 1496898180 World Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar 1496927703 World Tehran blames Saudis for terror attack 1496871060 Sports Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans 1496906760 Business Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid 1496927120 World Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally 1496926586 World Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry 1496926705 Business More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts 1496927085 World Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' 1496925827 World UAE re-imposes port ban on Qatari-linked oil tankers 1496925755 World Al Jazeera says will keep editorial independence in Gulf dispute 1496925755 World Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies 1496925728 World U.N. expert mission assists Ivory Coast arms cache investigation 1496923803 World Britain drops opposition to new EU military command center 1496925225 Business ECB policy changes came without dissent - Draghi 1496926124 Business ECB's Draghi drops reference to 'downside risks' to economy 1496925711 Business Nissan to make automatic emergency braking standard in one million U.S. cars 1496923405 Business Jobless claims drop; labor market slack shrinking 1496926235 Business Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions 1496913339 Business Boeing studies pilotless planes as it ponders next jetliner 1496926512 World May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election 1496876899 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Singapore Plea deal offered to Australian involved in Changi Airport scuffle 1496924220 World Story of mankind rewritten as oldest fossils found 1496925730 Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa 1496924340 China&India Indian teenager tops exams, eschews college to become monk 1496924220 Sports Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson 1496923740 World Chad recalls ambassador from Qatar amid Gulf Arab row 1496922498 World ‘I am doing good’: A Syrian smuggler’s story 1496923027 Singapore More than 2,700 cartons of contraband cigarettes seized from a farm 1496923021 Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album 1496922724 Sports Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore 1496920980 World Boko Haram attack on Nigerian city of Maiduguri kills 14 people, say police 1496921084 World Norway Supreme Court turns down mass murderer Breivik's appeal 1496919670 World Kosovo Islamic State commander killed, police and family say 1496918466 World Manchester bomber radicalized in UK in 2015: Tripoli counter-terror force 1496917900 World Somalia's al Shabaab kills 20 soldiers in Puntland attack: officer 1496917390 World Final UK opinion poll shows PM May's Conservatives' lead widening 1496919038 Entertainment Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia 1496920338 World Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack 1496913416 World Australian police to get greater powers to shoot in militant sieges 1496903045 World Bodies, debris found in search for missing Myanmar aircraft 1496904598 Business Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Qatar Airways plane is seen in Doha. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 4:00 PM, June 7, 2017 CANCUN, Mexico - A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap <AER.N>, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbors including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation <2588.HKX>. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Wild swings, lack of liquidity keeping U.S. funds out of bitcoin When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan What does a CEO look like? New female 'Foundation 500' list challenges stereotypes Wells Fargo's business banking group expands to four regions Waymo working on self-driving trucks Warren Buffett lunch bidding quickly hits $1 million Wall Street slips ahead of UK vote, ECB, Comey testimony Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Wall Street little changed as financials drop, defensive stocks gain Inside Today World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations Wall St. opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans Foreign talent scheme ‘can help Lions roar again’ Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia Movie review: The Mummy George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Ella and Alexander About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions.Reuters | Updated: Jun 7, 2017, 03.19 PM IST Highlights Qatar airspace blockade overshadows global airline meeting Qatar Airways forced to divert routes to fly over Iran Row could benefit rival carriers Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Several airlines have been affected by the decision by many West Asian countries to cut diplomatic ties with Qatar, accusing it of supporting terrorists in the region. 2017-06-07T15:03+00:00 Related Videos Arab rift deepens woes for Gul... CANCUN: A bust-up between Arab powers+ has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar+ on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. "For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Boost website traffic with targeted audience. COLOMBIA More from The Times of India Rajnath Singh to review Myanmar border situation on June 12 Saharanpur violence accused Chandrashekhar arrested Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably pregnant panda From the Web More From The Times of India Their baby cant even sit up due to his liver!Milaap 15 most beautiful women in the worldCrazyFreelancer Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in FloridaViral Vacation Ideas 20 male and female celebrities who look alikeSocialDaft! 10 Television Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood ActorsCRITICSUNION Qeema handi Fish Moilee Quinoa Salad Andhra Brinjal Curry Tomato Green Chillies Chutney ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap More From The Times of India Roasted Almond Ice Cream Nutella Hot Chocolate Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US Most Popular ​ Isro’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mk III places GSAT-19 communication satellite in orbit Indian Space Research Organisation on Monday successfully launched its most powerful rocket, GSLV Mk III nicknamed 'Fatboy'+ , by firing a high thrust indigenous cryogenic engine in the first developmental flight and placed the country's heaviest satellite in orbit ICC Champions Trophy: India beats Pakistan Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 6.25%, cuts SLR by 50 bps The six-member Monetary Policy Committee of the Reserve Bank of India, headed by Governor Urjit Patel, on Wednesday kept the short-term lending rate, called repo rate, unchanged at 6.25 per cent after its second bimonthly review of this financial year. Future Group to raise $200mn for its verticals Future Group is talking to private equity firms to raise $200mn via structured debt and equity route for its verticals. Read MoreQatar AirwaysQatar AirlinesIATAEurozone crisisArab rift Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Malaysia April industrial output seen quickening to 4.8 pct y/y Bank of the Philippine Islands says mystery transactions caused by glitch, not hackers Banco Popular: The 1 euro deal India's National Stock Exchange aims to settle unfair access probe with regulator -sources 1Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines 2Malaysia April industrial output seen quickening to 4.8 pct y/y 3Bank of the Philippine Islands says mystery transactions caused by glitch, not hackers 4Banco Popular: The 1 euro deal 5India's National Stock Exchange aims to settle unfair access probe with regulator -sources Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Economic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Eng vs Nz Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement London Attacks Nissan Micra 2017 TBSE HS Results GST Iran Attacks ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Qatar services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Login to TOI now & get a free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced CoffeeGet Free Coffee
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsWorld Jun 07, 2017 12:37 PM IST | Source: Reuters Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines - at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar's airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. "It completely surprised all of us," Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world's second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. "The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets," British aviation consultant John Strickland said. "With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections." SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region's wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. "It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane," said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. "It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don't think so." IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. "Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better," de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some Middle East and North African nations. "I think one can read too much into a short-term event," said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world's largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. "Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey." "Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn't an endless growth model of 15 percent a year." That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. "They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance," Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region's shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA's board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said."For the first time, it's very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East," said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. tags #Arab powers #Qatar's airline #World News Related news Business ECB to keep taps open as economic outlook uncertain Jun 08, 2017 06:35 PM Business What moves the oil? Certainly, no news from the Middle East Jun 08, 2017 05:54 PM Business Sceptical about Theresa May’s victory: Christopher Palmer Jun 08, 2017 04:08 PM World Indian American among 12 new NASA astronauts Jun 08, 2017 02:52 PM Business Alibaba CFO says expects revenue growth of 45-49% in FY2018 Jun 08, 2017 01:11 PM World 5 key takeaways from former FBI director James Comey's statement Jun 08, 2017 12:22 PM Business Polls open in Britain's general election Jun 08, 2017 12:10 PM Business Toshiba aims to name buyer of $18 billion chips business on June 15 Jun 08, 2017 10:05 AM Business Amazon lent $1 billion to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace Jun 08, 2017 09:58 AM Cricket Match 8 | 08 Jun, 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 7/0 (2.5 ov) Play in Progress IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) live News Most Popular Top News This auto spare company is shifting gears towards growth. Is it a good buy? PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year Why this footwear retailer holds good prospects for investors In the season of IT layoffs, Rs 10,000 can get you a letter of experience PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year This small footwear retailer’s profit margins beat Bata & Relaxo’s. Is it a good buy? Infosys' comments, concerns on pricing spook IT stocks for second day ICC Champions Trophy LIVE: India set SL target of 322 after Dhawan ton, 50s from Rohit and Dhoni see more Video of the day Q4 earnings a tad better, see slight impact on consumption due to GST: Birla Sun Life MF X ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 7/0 (2.5 ov) IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) Play in Progress Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Faizan Javed
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Space race or cosmic cooperation? China strongly calls for the latter Updated 2017-06-07 14:56:10 Xinhua Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and deputy director of China's manned space program office, makes a speech during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. China is looking towards increased cooperation with international space leaders, it stressed Tuesday at the Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) currently being held in Beijing. In a letter of congratulations sent to the conference by Chinese President Xi Jinping, he said that China wants to enhance cooperation with the international community in peaceful space exploration and development. Xi noted that progress in space science and technology will benefit people around the world and China wants to use space exploration achievements to create a better future for mankind. "China is expanding cooperation with the United Nations (UN) in space exploration, and will disclose projects later this year," said Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and current deputy director of the China Manned Space Engineering Office. The country has previously undertaken bilateral cooperation with various countries and institutions and is now looking towards multilateral projects. China will carry out joint projects with the UN Office of Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) including astronaut training, space station scientific experiments and multilateral application of such experiments, said Yang. "Rather than a space race, I think cooperation is always good and worldwide cooperation is even better. I hope we can breach Earth's crises by having worldwide cooperation in space," said Jan Woerner, director general of the European Space Agency (ESA). "We should not try to duplicate everything, and if we join forces we can do even more with the same amount of money," he added. The conference, which ends Thursday, was jointly held by the International Astronautical Federation (IAF) and the Chinese Society of Astronautics and follows the GLEX 2012 conference held in Washington D.C. International space engineers and delegates from leading aerospace companies including Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Airbus attended the conference. SPACE ODYSSEY Although China has completed many successful space exploration projects, the country's space expeditions are far from over. At the conference, Yang said that China plans to use a Long March-5 carrier rocket to launch the core module of the country's manned space station in 2019 and build a space station around 2022. With the International Space Station set to retire in 2024, the Chinese space station will offer a promising alternative, and China will be the only country with a permanent space station. China National Space Administration (CNSA) held a ceremony to recognize and thank the ESA and four countries, namely the Netherlands, Germany, Saudi Arabia and Sweden, for their participation in the Chang'e-4 lunar exploration to the far side of the moon which will be launched in 2018. Liu Jizhong, director of the CNSA's China Lunar Exploration and Space Engineering Center said that later this year China plans to send the Chang'e-5 lunar probe to the moon to collect samples, marking the third step in its lunar program. He said that China is looking to offer cooperation opportunities in investigating the lunar south pole region, setting up an international moon village and carrying out experiments including energy supply. Liu added that in accordance with the principle of "openness and cooperation, sharing both risks and achievements," China will create an open platform for cooperation enabling other countries to participate. COOPERATION UNDERWAY China has always advocated win-win cooperation between nations and it introduced the notion of building a community of shared destiny in late 2012. To create peaceful cooperation in outer space, China has signed agreements with over 30 countries and organizations, including Russia, Kazakhstan, Germany, France, the ESA and UNOOSA. China's contribution to the international space industry has included helping over 20 countries and regions with 50 launches, and exporting satellites to nine countries. Scientific innovation was a central topic at the recent Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, with China proposing a Belt and Road Science, Technology and Innovation Cooperation Action Plan. China also voiced its willingness to carry out more projects with Belt and Road countries in various fields, including satellite launches, maritime navigation and archaeological studies to enable more countries to benefit. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58June 08 2017 21:59:27 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16June 08 2017 21:59:27 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18June 08 2017 21:59:27 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military On June 20 & 21, 2017, senior leaders within DoD, Military Services, Federal Agencies, Industry and Academia will convene at Defense Strategies Institute’s 3rd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. With the central theme of “Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations,” the educational summit will consist of two days of senior level briefings and informal discussions in a „Town Hall” setting. Alexandria, VA, June 07, 2017 –(PR.com)– Each year, notable EW leaders come together for the Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. This year, leaders will discuss the current transformation of defense strategy and electromagnetic spectrum operations. As war continues to shift further into the EW/Cyber domain and competing nations are gaining an edge on this emerging threat, the DoD is looking towards EW as a critical aspect of all warfighter operations and deems it vital in the success of our nation. This educational summit is free to government/military delegates and provides US military commands, government agencies, academia, and technology providers the opportunity to participate in an open discussion addressing the current and future needs that exist for government operations occurring within the electromagnetic spectrum. The full agenda has now been released. Please visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/ for more details. DSI Welcomes 2017 Speakers, to Include: * Brig Gen Edward Sauley, USAF, Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations, USSTRATCOM * BG Joseph McGee, USA, Deputy Commander, Operations, US Army Cyber Command * Douglas Wiltsie, SES, Director, Rapid Capabilities Office, US Army * Ellen Purdy, Director, Emerging Capabilities & Prototyping Initiative & Analysis Office, ASD (R&E) Confirmed Attendees From: U.S. Air Force; Chesapeake Technology International; CTTSO/SCOS; BAE Systems; USSTRATCOM/JEPAC; Naval Research Lab; USCYBERCOM; ANDRO Computational Solutions, LLC; Marine Corps Warfighting Lab; Lockheed Martin; DISA; U.S. Navy; G3 Technologies Inc.; NSWC Dahlgren; Spectrum Policy International Engagement; National Reconnaissance Office; Tactical Communications; General Dynamics Mission Systems; The Boeing Company; SPAWAR; Honeywell International; and more. Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Are Still Available: The Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit provides opportunities for exhibits, product demonstrations, and luncheon receptions for Defense and Government industry leaders. Showcase the latest technology offerings and today’s most innovative solutions. For more information visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/information-on-sponsoring-and-exhibiting/ In order to allow for actionable discussion and dialogue, DSI invites those with questions to pose to summit speakers to please contact mcolfax@dsigroup.org. Anyone interested in participating in the 2nd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit can visit Defense Strategies Institute’s website at http://ew.dsigroup.org for more information or contact Morgan Colfax at mcolfax@dsigroup.org, 1-201-266-0058 CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MediConnect to Take Part in Military Hiring Fair at 2017 Pittsburgh Expo with the Pittsburgh Pirates Next PostNext Kate Beckinsale, Val Kilmer Added to Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento Celebrity Roster, June 17-18 Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military On June 20 & 21, 2017, senior leaders within DoD, Military Services, Federal Agencies, Industry and Academia will convene at Defense Strategies Institute’s 3rd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. With the central theme of “Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations,” the educational summit will consist of two days of senior level briefings and informal discussions in a „Town Hall” setting. Alexandria, VA, June 07, 2017 –(PR.com)– Each year, notable EW leaders come together for the Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. This year, leaders will discuss the current transformation of defense strategy and electromagnetic spectrum operations. As war continues to shift further into the EW/Cyber domain and competing nations are gaining an edge on this emerging threat, the DoD is looking towards EW as a critical aspect of all warfighter operations and deems it vital in the success of our nation. This educational summit is free to government/military delegates and provides US military commands, government agencies, academia, and technology providers the opportunity to participate in an open discussion addressing the current and future needs that exist for government operations occurring within the electromagnetic spectrum. The full agenda has now been released. Please visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/ for more details. DSI Welcomes 2017 Speakers, to Include: * Brig Gen Edward Sauley, USAF, Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations, USSTRATCOM * BG Joseph McGee, USA, Deputy Commander, Operations, US Army Cyber Command * Douglas Wiltsie, SES, Director, Rapid Capabilities Office, US Army * Ellen Purdy, Director, Emerging Capabilities & Prototyping Initiative & Analysis Office, ASD (R&E) Confirmed Attendees From: U.S. Air Force; Chesapeake Technology International; CTTSO/SCOS; BAE Systems; USSTRATCOM/JEPAC; Naval Research Lab; USCYBERCOM; ANDRO Computational Solutions, LLC; Marine Corps Warfighting Lab; Lockheed Martin; DISA; U.S. Navy; G3 Technologies Inc.; NSWC Dahlgren; Spectrum Policy International Engagement; National Reconnaissance Office; Tactical Communications; General Dynamics Mission Systems; The Boeing Company; SPAWAR; Honeywell International; and more. Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Are Still Available: The Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit provides opportunities for exhibits, product demonstrations, and luncheon receptions for Defense and Government industry leaders. Showcase the latest technology offerings and today’s most innovative solutions. For more information visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/information-on-sponsoring-and-exhibiting/ In order to allow for actionable discussion and dialogue, DSI invites those with questions to pose to summit speakers to please contact mcolfax@dsigroup.org. Anyone interested in participating in the 2nd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit can visit Defense Strategies Institute’s website at http://ew.dsigroup.org for more information or contact Morgan Colfax at mcolfax@dsigroup.org, 1-201-266-0058 CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MediConnect to Take Part in Military Hiring Fair at 2017 Pittsburgh Expo with the Pittsburgh Pirates Next PostNext Kate Beckinsale, Val Kilmer Added to Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento Celebrity Roster, June 17-18 Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military On June 20 & 21, 2017, senior leaders within DoD, Military Services, Federal Agencies, Industry and Academia will convene at Defense Strategies Institute’s 3rd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. With the central theme of “Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations,” the educational summit will consist of two days of senior level briefings and informal discussions in a „Town Hall” setting. Alexandria, VA, June 07, 2017 –(PR.com)– Each year, notable EW leaders come together for the Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. This year, leaders will discuss the current transformation of defense strategy and electromagnetic spectrum operations. As war continues to shift further into the EW/Cyber domain and competing nations are gaining an edge on this emerging threat, the DoD is looking towards EW as a critical aspect of all warfighter operations and deems it vital in the success of our nation. This educational summit is free to government/military delegates and provides US military commands, government agencies, academia, and technology providers the opportunity to participate in an open discussion addressing the current and future needs that exist for government operations occurring within the electromagnetic spectrum. The full agenda has now been released. Please visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/ for more details. DSI Welcomes 2017 Speakers, to Include: * Brig Gen Edward Sauley, USAF, Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations, USSTRATCOM * BG Joseph McGee, USA, Deputy Commander, Operations, US Army Cyber Command * Douglas Wiltsie, SES, Director, Rapid Capabilities Office, US Army * Ellen Purdy, Director, Emerging Capabilities & Prototyping Initiative & Analysis Office, ASD (R&E) Confirmed Attendees From: U.S. Air Force; Chesapeake Technology International; CTTSO/SCOS; BAE Systems; USSTRATCOM/JEPAC; Naval Research Lab; USCYBERCOM; ANDRO Computational Solutions, LLC; Marine Corps Warfighting Lab; Lockheed Martin; DISA; U.S. Navy; G3 Technologies Inc.; NSWC Dahlgren; Spectrum Policy International Engagement; National Reconnaissance Office; Tactical Communications; General Dynamics Mission Systems; The Boeing Company; SPAWAR; Honeywell International; and more. Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Are Still Available: The Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit provides opportunities for exhibits, product demonstrations, and luncheon receptions for Defense and Government industry leaders. Showcase the latest technology offerings and today’s most innovative solutions. For more information visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/information-on-sponsoring-and-exhibiting/ In order to allow for actionable discussion and dialogue, DSI invites those with questions to pose to summit speakers to please contact mcolfax@dsigroup.org. Anyone interested in participating in the 2nd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit can visit Defense Strategies Institute’s website at http://ew.dsigroup.org for more information or contact Morgan Colfax at mcolfax@dsigroup.org, 1-201-266-0058 CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MediConnect to Take Part in Military Hiring Fair at 2017 Pittsburgh Expo with the Pittsburgh Pirates Next PostNext Kate Beckinsale, Val Kilmer Added to Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento Celebrity Roster, June 17-18 Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations at 3rd Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit – Free to Government/Military On June 20 & 21, 2017, senior leaders within DoD, Military Services, Federal Agencies, Industry and Academia will convene at Defense Strategies Institute’s 3rd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. With the central theme of “Delivering EW and Cyber Capabilities for Multi-Domain Operations,” the educational summit will consist of two days of senior level briefings and informal discussions in a „Town Hall” setting. Alexandria, VA, June 07, 2017 –(PR.com)– Each year, notable EW leaders come together for the Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit. This year, leaders will discuss the current transformation of defense strategy and electromagnetic spectrum operations. As war continues to shift further into the EW/Cyber domain and competing nations are gaining an edge on this emerging threat, the DoD is looking towards EW as a critical aspect of all warfighter operations and deems it vital in the success of our nation. This educational summit is free to government/military delegates and provides US military commands, government agencies, academia, and technology providers the opportunity to participate in an open discussion addressing the current and future needs that exist for government operations occurring within the electromagnetic spectrum. The full agenda has now been released. Please visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/ for more details. DSI Welcomes 2017 Speakers, to Include: * Brig Gen Edward Sauley, USAF, Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations, USSTRATCOM * BG Joseph McGee, USA, Deputy Commander, Operations, US Army Cyber Command * Douglas Wiltsie, SES, Director, Rapid Capabilities Office, US Army * Ellen Purdy, Director, Emerging Capabilities & Prototyping Initiative & Analysis Office, ASD (R&E) Confirmed Attendees From: U.S. Air Force; Chesapeake Technology International; CTTSO/SCOS; BAE Systems; USSTRATCOM/JEPAC; Naval Research Lab; USCYBERCOM; ANDRO Computational Solutions, LLC; Marine Corps Warfighting Lab; Lockheed Martin; DISA; U.S. Navy; G3 Technologies Inc.; NSWC Dahlgren; Spectrum Policy International Engagement; National Reconnaissance Office; Tactical Communications; General Dynamics Mission Systems; The Boeing Company; SPAWAR; Honeywell International; and more. Exhibit & Sponsorship Opportunities Are Still Available: The Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit provides opportunities for exhibits, product demonstrations, and luncheon receptions for Defense and Government industry leaders. Showcase the latest technology offerings and today’s most innovative solutions. For more information visit http://ew.dsigroup.org/information-on-sponsoring-and-exhibiting/ In order to allow for actionable discussion and dialogue, DSI invites those with questions to pose to summit speakers to please contact mcolfax@dsigroup.org. Anyone interested in participating in the 2nd Annual Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Summit can visit Defense Strategies Institute’s website at http://ew.dsigroup.org for more information or contact Morgan Colfax at mcolfax@dsigroup.org, 1-201-266-0058 CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MediConnect to Take Part in Military Hiring Fair at 2017 Pittsburgh Expo with the Pittsburgh Pirates Next PostNext Kate Beckinsale, Val Kilmer Added to Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento Celebrity Roster, June 17-18 Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America China Focus: Space race or cosmic cooperation? China strongly calls for the latter Source: Xinhua| 2017-06-07 14:23:10|Editor: An Video PlayerClose   Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and deputy director of China's manned space program office, makes a speech during the 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference in Beijing, capital of China, June 6, 2017. The conference opened Tuesday in Beijing. (Xinhua/Chen Yehua)  BEIJING, June 7 (Xinhua) -- China is looking towards increased cooperation with international space leaders, it stressed Tuesday at the Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) currently being held in Beijing. In a letter of congratulations sent to the conference by Chinese President Xi Jinping, he said that China wants to enhance cooperation with the international community in peaceful space exploration and development. Xi noted that progress in space science and technology will benefit people around the world and China wants to use space exploration achievements to create a better future for mankind. "China is expanding cooperation with the United Nations (UN) in space exploration, and will disclose projects later this year," said Yang Liwei, China's first astronaut and current deputy director of the China Manned Space Engineering Office. The country has previously undertaken bilateral cooperation with various countries and institutions and is now looking towards multilateral projects. China will carry out joint projects with the UN Office of Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) including astronaut training, space station scientific experiments and multilateral application of such experiments, said Yang. "Rather than a space race, I think cooperation is always good and worldwide cooperation is even better. I hope we can breach Earth's crises by having worldwide cooperation in space," said Jan Woerner, director general of the European Space Agency (ESA). "We should not try to duplicate everything, and if we join forces we can do even more with the same amount of money," he added. The conference, which ends Thursday, was jointly held by the International Astronautical Federation (IAF) and the Chinese Society of Astronautics and follows the GLEX 2012 conference held in Washington D.C. International space engineers and delegates from leading aerospace companies including Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Airbus attended the conference. SPACE ODYSSEY Although China has completed many successful space exploration projects, the country's space expeditions are far from over. At the conference, Yang said that China plans to use a Long March-5 carrier rocket to launch the core module of the country's manned space station in 2019 and build a space station around 2022. With the International Space Station set to retire in 2024, the Chinese space station will offer a promising alternative, and China will be the only country with a permanent space station. China National Space Administration (CNSA) held a ceremony to recognize and thank the ESA and four countries, namely the Netherlands, Germany, Saudi Arabia and Sweden, for their participation in the Chang'e-4 lunar exploration to the far side of the moon which will be launched in 2018. Liu Jizhong, director of the CNSA's China Lunar Exploration and Space Engineering Center said that later this year China plans to send the Chang'e-5 lunar probe to the moon to collect samples, marking the third step in its lunar program. He said that China is looking to offer cooperation opportunities in investigating the lunar south pole region, setting up an international moon village and carrying out experiments including energy supply. Liu added that in accordance with the principle of "openness and cooperation, sharing both risks and achievements," China will create an open platform for cooperation enabling other countries to participate. COOPERATION UNDERWAY China has always advocated win-win cooperation between nations and it introduced the notion of building a community of shared destiny in late 2012. To create peaceful cooperation in outer space, China has signed agreements with over 30 countries and organizations, including Russia, Kazakhstan, Germany, France, the ESA and UNOOSA. China's contribution to the international space industry has included helping over 20 countries and regions with 50 launches, and exporting satellites to nine countries. Scientific innovation was a central topic at the recent Belt and Road Forum for International Cooperation, with China proposing a Belt and Road Science, Technology and Innovation Cooperation Action Plan. China also voiced its willingness to carry out more projects with Belt and Road countries in various fields, including satellite launches, maritime navigation and archaeological studies to enable more countries to benefit.    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next      1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next   KEY WORDS: Space YOU MAY LIKE China emphasizes peaceful space exploration China's space station to help maintain co-orbital telescope Chinese VP attends opening ceremony of 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference China willing to cooperate in peaceful space exploration: Xi Analysis: U.S.-China space freeze may thaw with new commercial pathway EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011106041363467911
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US stocks fall ahead of British vote Wednesday June 7, 2017 07:39 AM GMT+8 ICYMI High-scoring Indian student chooses religion over college Serbian press lament poor performance of national tennis hero Djokovic ProjekMMO: Dah glamor di YouTube, Mat Luthfi arah filem UN warns of ‘significant escalation’ of civilian deaths in Mosul Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The broad-based S&P 500 shed 0.3 per cent to end the session at 2,429.33, and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index also fell 0.3 per cent to finish at 6,275.06. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 7 — Wall Street stocks retreated yesterday amid investor caution ahead of this week’s British general election and congressional testimony from fired former FBI chief James Comey. Analysts said the trend in the US market was part of a pullback in most global bourses because of the potential impact of those events, both of which happen tomorrow. “The market might be a little on edge” ahead of tomorrow, said Bill Lynch, director of investment at Hinsdale Associates, who added that there was little significant economic data for the market to focus yesterday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 0.2 per cent to close at 21,136.23. The broad-based S&P 500 shed 0.3 per cent to end the session at 2,429.33, and the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index also fell 0.3 per cent to finish at 6,275.06. Among blue-chip companies, Boeing, McDonald’s, Nike and Wal-Mart Stores lost one per cent or more. But oil producers ExxonMobil and Chevron gained 1.4 per cent and 1.0 per cent, respectively, as oil prices advanced. Gold producers Freeport-McMoRan and Barrick Gold jumped 3.8 per cent and 5.3 per cent as gold prices rose. Macy’s sank 8.2 per cent after executives warned at an investor day of lower profit margins in the current quarter and year. Other retailers also were pulled lower, including Target, which lost 1.9 per cent and Nordstrom, which tumbled 3.6 per cent. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Gloves off in spat between India's central bank, government Prasarana to generate RM17b in economic returns this year, says PM Ringgit closes lower against US dollar KL shares end lower on extended consolidation Asian currencies edge down on caution ahead of risk events Ringgit slightly higher against US dollar in early trade Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week RHB-AmBank to take No. 1 spot in asset management, insurance, broking Bursa to be firmer next week Petronas Q1 2017 pre-tax profit more than doubles to RM15.5b Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Here’s what will really decide the UK election ― Paul Wallace South-east Asian caution prevails despite positive China trade data Asian shares down ahead of Comey, ECB and UK election Wall Street set to open flat as tomorrow’s events in focus US dollar hits seven-week low against yen as ‘Triple Threat Thursday’ looms Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Rockets and Missiles Industry -Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/07/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently added a new report to the ever-expanding online collection of market intelligence on the global industry verticals regarding the Global Market Study on n-Hexane. This report is titled as „Rockets and Missiles Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024″. The rockets and missiles are used to destroy the enemy aircrafts, helicopters, incoming missiles or rockets, tanks, ships, submarine, armored vehicles, and artilleries among others. Rockets are unguided, self-propelled munitions, powered by jet engines or rocket motors while the missiles are guided, self-propelled weapons which are used for surface to air combat, air to surface combat, air to air combat. Request For a Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/3031 The growing year on year defense budget in the developing countries is a major trend for the rockets and missiles market to surge. The defense forces across the globe are constantly equipping their respective troops with the latest and enhanced rockets and missiles in order to strengthen their armed forces, air force and naval force. Thus, the demand for strengthening of defense forces across the globe is driving the market for rockets and missiles. Moreover, the demand for technologically advanced munitions is increasing in the defense sector across the globe. Rockets and missiles plays an important role during combat as they can be short range or mid-range or long range rockets and missiles. Owing to this fact, the defense forces in developed countries as well as developing countries are demanding for technologically advanced rockets and missiles in order to safeguard the country during combat. The growing demand for technologically robust rockets and missiles are boosting the rockets and missiles market. The rockets and missiles market is driven by various factor, however, the market faces a major challenge i.e. high cost of the advanced technologies. The rockets and missiles manufacturers are constantly focusing on upgrading the rockets and missiles by incorporating different latest technologies. These latest technologies are much expensive as compared to the older technologies, and due to this, the cost of the final product is increasing which is limiting the developing countries to adopt these advanced rockets and missiles. This market has potential opportunities to grow in future as the manufacturing companies are designing and developing smokeless missiles. The smokeless missiles can be fired from an aircraft or a naval ship or from land without giving any clue of firing region to the enemy. The smokeless missiles can travel long distances ranging from 300 meters to 1000 meters which is much longer than the existing missiles. These benefits of smokeless missiles are poised to fuel the market for rockets and missiles in the coming years. Global Rockets and Missiles Market: Segmentation The rockets and missiles market is segmented on basis of product types and geography. Rockets and missiles are the two types of products considered in the study. The missiles segment captured the largest market in 2016 and is estimated to be the fastest growing segment during the forecast period from 2017 to 2025. Based on rockets, the market is bifurcated into artillery rockets and air to ground rockets. In the rockets segment, artillery rockets held the maximum market share in 2016 while, the air to ground rockets are anticipated to grow at a faster rate than the artillery rockets over the period from 2017 to 2025. Surface to air missiles, cruise missiles, anti-ship missiles, anti-tank missiles, anti-submarine missiles and others are the types of missiles. The others sub segment includes air to air missiles, air to ground missiles, intercontinental ballistic missiles, and anti-radiation missile. In 2016, surface to air missiles held the largest market share and it is estimated to grow at a significant rate as compared to other missiles in the missiles segment. Geographically, the market for rockets and missiles is categorized as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. The dominant region in the market for rockets and missiles in 2016 was North America, while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region globally. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/rockets-missiles-market Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors of rockets and missiles across the world are Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), BAE Systems (U.K), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Raytheon Company (U.S.), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S.), Boeing (U.S.), Thales Group (France), Leonardo (Italy), Rafael Advanced Defense Systems (Israel), and MBDA Missiles Systems (Germany). By Product Types Rockets Missiles By Rockets Artillery Rockets Air to Ground Rockets By Missiles Surface to Air Missiles Cruise Missiles Anti-Ship Missiles Anti-Tank Missiles Anti-Submarine Missiles Others By Geography North America S. Canada Mexico Europe K. Germany Russia France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China India South Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Turkey Israel Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine(MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electrifying Magnetism Next PostNext Jury Convicts Man of Providing Material Support to ISIS Search Recent Posts Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 Butter and Margarine Market Strategies and Forecasts, 2015 to 2025 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Rockets and Missiles Industry -Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Global Rockets and Missiles Industry -Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Posted on June 8, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The rockets and missiles are used to destroy the enemy aircrafts, helicopters, incoming missiles or rockets, tanks, ships, submarine, armored vehicles, and artilleries among others. Rockets are unguided, self-propelled munitions, powered by jet engines or rocket motors while the missiles are guided, self-propelled weapons which are used for surface to air combat, air to surface combat, air to air combat. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 06/07/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently added a new report to the ever-expanding online collection of market intelligence on the global industry verticals regarding the Global Market Study on n-Hexane. This report is titled as "Rockets and Missiles Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024". The rockets and missiles are used to destroy the enemy aircrafts, helicopters, incoming missiles or rockets, tanks, ships, submarine, armored vehicles, and artilleries among others. Rockets are unguided, self-propelled munitions, powered by jet engines or rocket motors while the missiles are guided, self-propelled weapons which are used for surface to air combat, air to surface combat, air to air combat. Request For a Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/3031 The growing year on year defense budget in the developing countries is a major trend for the rockets and missiles market to surge. The defense forces across the globe are constantly equipping their respective troops with the latest and enhanced rockets and missiles in order to strengthen their armed forces, air force and naval force. Thus, the demand for strengthening of defense forces across the globe is driving the market for rockets and missiles. Moreover, the demand for technologically advanced munitions is increasing in the defense sector across the globe. Rockets and missiles plays an important role during combat as they can be short range or mid-range or long range rockets and missiles. Owing to this fact, the defense forces in developed countries as well as developing countries are demanding for technologically advanced rockets and missiles in order to safeguard the country during combat. The growing demand for technologically robust rockets and missiles are boosting the rockets and missiles market. The rockets and missiles market is driven by various factor, however, the market faces a major challenge i.e. high cost of the advanced technologies. The rockets and missiles manufacturers are constantly focusing on upgrading the rockets and missiles by incorporating different latest technologies. These latest technologies are much expensive as compared to the older technologies, and due to this, the cost of the final product is increasing which is limiting the developing countries to adopt these advanced rockets and missiles. This market has potential opportunities to grow in future as the manufacturing companies are designing and developing smokeless missiles. The smokeless missiles can be fired from an aircraft or a naval ship or from land without giving any clue of firing region to the enemy. The smokeless missiles can travel long distances ranging from 300 meters to 1000 meters which is much longer than the existing missiles. These benefits of smokeless missiles are poised to fuel the market for rockets and missiles in the coming years. Global Rockets and Missiles Market: Segmentation The rockets and missiles market is segmented on basis of product types and geography. Rockets and missiles are the two types of products considered in the study. The missiles segment captured the largest market in 2016 and is estimated to be the fastest growing segment during the forecast period from 2017 to 2025. Based on rockets, the market is bifurcated into artillery rockets and air to ground rockets. In the rockets segment, artillery rockets held the maximum market share in 2016 while, the air to ground rockets are anticipated to grow at a faster rate than the artillery rockets over the period from 2017 to 2025. Surface to air missiles, cruise missiles, anti-ship missiles, anti-tank missiles, anti-submarine missiles and others are the types of missiles. The others sub segment includes air to air missiles, air to ground missiles, intercontinental ballistic missiles, and anti-radiation missile. In 2016, surface to air missiles held the largest market share and it is estimated to grow at a significant rate as compared to other missiles in the missiles segment. Geographically, the market for rockets and missiles is categorized as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. The dominant region in the market for rockets and missiles in 2016 was North America, while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region globally. Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/rockets-missiles-market Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors of rockets and missiles across the world are Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), BAE Systems (U.K), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), Raytheon Company (U.S.), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S.), Boeing (U.S.), Thales Group (France), Leonardo (Italy), Rafael Advanced Defense Systems (Israel), and MBDA Missiles Systems (Germany). By Product Types Rockets Missiles By Rockets Artillery Rockets Air to Ground Rockets By Missiles Surface to Air Missiles Cruise Missiles Anti-Ship Missiles Anti-Tank Missiles Anti-Submarine Missiles Others By Geography North America S. Canada Mexico Europe K. Germany Russia France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific China India South Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Turkey Israel Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine(MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-rockets-and-missiles-industry-market-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2017-2025-817448.htm Media Relations Contact Vishant Chauhan Assistant Manager MRRSE Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: Click to Email Vishant Chauhan Web: http://www.mrrse.com/rockets-missiles-market Latest News Commercial Satellite Imaging Market Accounting for US $5,275 Million, Globally, by 2022 Costume Jewelry Market to Reach $40,631 Million, Globally, by 2022 Cold Chain Tracking and Monitoring Market to Reach $426 Billion, Globally, by 2022 Marine Dynamic Positioning System Market Is Set to Boom in 2022 Automotive Axle & Propeller Shaft Market to Reach $268 Billion, Globally by 2022 Forklift Truck Market – Smart Strategies of the Research and Development Process Global Haitian Vetiver Oil Industry -Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Automotive Axle & Propeller Shaft Market Size Is Set to Grow at a Remarkable Pace in the Coming Years Global Rockets and Missiles Industry -Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Greenberg Traurig’s Kelly Bunting to Speak at SHRM Annual Conference in New Orleans © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman General Dynamics Wins $105M Deal to Serve USS Makin Island Shutterstock photo National Steel and Shipbuilding Co. (NASSCO), a subsidiary of General Dynamics Corp.GD , recently secured a contract for the execution of USS Makin Island (LHD 8) fiscal 2017 dry-docking phased maintenance availability. Work related to this deal will be carried out in San Diego, CA. Details of the Deal Valued at $105.4 million, the contract was awarded by the Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, DC. Moreover, the cumulative value of this contract can be up to $106 million, if the options included in this agreement are exercised. Per the terms, the availability will include a combination of maintenance, modernization and repair of USS Makin Island. The contract will utilize fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy), and other procurement (Navy) funding to finance the work, which is scheduled to be over by Sep 2018. A Brief Note on USS Makin Island Renowned military shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls Industries’ HII Ingalls Shipbuilding division began building the third generation large deck amphibious ships – the Wasp class landing helicopter dock (LHD) – in the 1980s. USS Makin Island is the eighth and final WASP-class Amphibious Assault Ship – the only ship in her class powered by LM 2500+ Gas Turbine Engines and Electric Drive – that has been delivered to the Navy in 2009. Additionally, Makin Island is the only LHD to feature an all-electric design. Ships from this class have participated in numerous combat operations, such as Operation Desert Storm and Operation Enduring Freedom, as well as disaster-relief efforts and humanitarian-aid missions. Our View General Dynamics’ NASSCO offers the only major ship-construction yard on the West Coast of the U.S. that is capable of maintaining or repairing any ocean-going vessel. Because of its location, expertise and shipyard capabilities, NASSCO is a Master Ship Repair contractor for the U.S. Navy and serves as a principal repair facility for its Pacific Fleet ships. Currently, NASSCO is building Expeditionary Sea Base (ESB) auxiliary support ships to improve the Navy’s ability in delivering large-scale equipment and expeditionary forces to areas without adequate port access. The ESBs, equipped with a 52,000-square-foot flight deck and accommodations for up to 250 personnel, are capable of supporting a variety of missions, including airborne mine countermeasure, maritime security operations and disaster relief. The first three ships in the program have been delivered while construction is underway on the fourth and fifth ships, scheduled for delivery in 2018 and 2019, respectively. Moreover, the company’s revenue exposure is spread over a broad portfolio of products and services in business aviation; combat vehicles, weapons systems and munitions; and shipbuilding design, which in turn helps in keeping overall growth momentum steady. NASSCO has been the Navy’s prime contractor for the continuous maintenance of several amphibious classes of ships homeported on the West Coast, for more than one decade. This, in turn, makes it a major factor in the consistent growth trajectory that the company has been maintaining of late. Impressively, General Dynamics’s earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the preceding four quarters with an average of 5.20%. We believe that a steady flow of contracts from the Pentagon, like the aforementioned ones, will enable the company to similarly outperform the industry in the days ahead as well. Zacks Rank General Dynamics currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see  the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here . Price Movement Shares of General Dynamics have rallied 40.6% in the past year, outperforming the Zacks categorized Aerospace-Defense industry’s gain of 24.6%. This could be because General Dynamics consistently maintains a strategic alliance with the U.S. Department of Defense that allows it to enjoy a steady flow of contracts. Consistent deal wins also allows it to keep up with its peers like The Boeing Co. BA and Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT . 3 Stocks to Ride a 588% Revenue Explosion At Zacks, we’re mostly focused on short-term profit cycles, but the hottest of all technology mega-trends is starting to take hold… By last year, it was already generating $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it’s predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce „the world’s first trillionaires,” but that should still leave plenty of money for those who make the right trades early. See Zacks’ Top 3 Stocks to Ride This Space >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Boeing Company (The) (BA): Free Stock Analysis Report General Dynamics Corporation (GD): Free Stock Analysis Report Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT): Free Stock Analysis Report Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious State Of Missouri Presents Mighty Mo’s Original Silver Place Setting To Battleship Missouri Memorial Next PostNext Camp Corral Receives Grant From Bob Woodruff Foundation Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » SciTech VP Mike Pence welcomes new NASA astronauts CBS This Morning James Comey to testify today CBS This Morning White House push back against Comey CBS This Morning Can Wray fill the FBI "hole"? CBS This Morning Rep. Schiff on Comey testimony CBS This Morning Analyzing Comey's opening statement CBS This Morning What to expect from Comey testimony CBS This Morning Bill Cosby sex assault trial CBS This Morning NASA and SpaceX competition? CBS This Morning Sen. Graham on Comey testimony CBS This Morning Youth football to test new rules CBS This Morning Sen. Warner's Comey hearing remarks CBS This Morning Russia to watch Comey testimony CBS This Morning Hearings that changed history CBS This Morning Forbes celebrates 100 years CBS This Morning Trump & Comey's complicated history CBS This Morning Sen. Risch on Comey testimony CBS This Morning Senators to watch at Comey hearing SciTech Meet NASA's 12 new astronauts SciTech Oldest fossils push back origin of modern humans SciTech A peek inside high-tech hurricane hunter planes SciTech NSA's alleged leaker tripped up by secret printer feature SciTech Tech giants join effort to honor Paris climate deal SciTech The hottest alien planet ever discovered SciTech Bridges could be too low for climate change SciTech SpaceX cargo ship reaches space station SciTech Everything iOS 11 is going to bring to your iPhone SciTech Defying science, Trump says U.S. is "cleanest" country on Earth SciTech SpaceX launches station supply ship after two-day delay SciTech Tunnel diggers stumble upon surprise: ancient giant sloth By William Harwood CBS News June 7, 2017, 2:34 PM NASA introduces 12 new astronauts Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jun 7, 2017 6:32 PM EDT Looking ahead to a new era of exploration in low-Earth orbit and beyond, NASA named 12 new astronauts Wednesday, five women and seven men selected from a record pool of more than 18,300 applicants. Vice President Mike Pence and Robert Lightfoot, NASA's acting administrator, introduced the new astronaut candidates during a ceremony at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. Pence, who described himself as a "lifelong NASA fan," said, "I can't tell you how privileged and honored I feel today to be able to congratulate the newest class of American heroes, the 2017 class of America's astronauts." He also offered assurances that the Trump administration remains "firmly committed to NASA's noble mission — leading America in space." "We couldn't go anywhere without the extraordinary men and women of NASA," Pence said. The new class of astronauts includes a physician, a surgeon, two geologists, an oceanography engineer, a electrical engineering professor, a SpaceX senior manager, four veteran test pilots and a nuclear engineer. Three candidates hold degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and three graduated from military academies. The 2017 NASA Astronaut Class: (Front row, from left) Zena Cardman, Jasmin Moghbeli, Jonny Kim, Raji Chari and Loral O' Hara. (Back row, from left) Frank Rubio, Matthew Dominick, Warren Hoburg, Robb Kulin, Kayla Barron, Bob Hines, and Jessica Watkins. Robert Markowitz / NASA "We look forward to the energy and talent of these astronauts fueling our exciting future of discovery, acting NASA Administrator Robert Lightfoot said in prepared remarks. "We are going to keep them busy. These candidates are an important addition to the NASA family and the nation's human spaceflight team." 9 Photos NASA's Mars recruitment posters NASA seeks to inspire explorers for future missions to Mars The new astronaut candidates must complete two years of intensive training at the Johnson Space Center before they will be qualified for assignment to future space missions, joining 44 other active-duty astronauts already on the NASA roster. Possible assignments for the new hires include flights to the International Space Station aboard new commercial crew ferry ships and eventual flights the vicinity of the moon and eventually Mars using NASA's Orion spacecraft and heavy-lift Space Launch System rocket. "These women and men deserve our enthusiastic congratulations," Ellen Ochoa, director of the Johnson Space Center and a veteran shuttle astronaut, said in a statement. "We here at NASA are excited to welcome them to the team and look forward to working with them to inspire the next generation of explorers." The new astronaut candidates are: -- Kayla Barron, hometown: Richland, Washington; current residence: Annapolis, Maryland; U.S. Naval Academy graduate, master's in nuclear engineering from the University of Cambridge, England; currently serves as Flag Aide for the Superintendent of the Naval Academy -- Zena Cardman, Williamsburg, Virginia; current residence: State College, Pennsylvania; National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellow with a master's degree in marine science; currently completing a doctorate in geoscience at Pennsylvania State University -- Air Force Lt. Col. Raja Chari, Cedar Falls, Iowa; current residence: Lancaster, California; U.S. Air Force Academy graduate, U.S. Navy test pilot school graduate; master's in aeronautics and astronautics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; commander of the 461st Flight Test Squadron -- Navy Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Dominick, Wheat Ridge, Colorado; current residence: stationed in Japan; Navy test pilot school, master's in systems engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School; Navy strike flighter squadron 115 -- Bob Hines, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; current residence: Houston; NASA research pilot at the Johnson Space Center; U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School graduate; master's in aerospace engineering from the University of Alabama -- Warren "Woody" Hoburg, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; current residence: Boston; assistant professor in aeronautics and astronautics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; doctorate in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California-Berkeley -- Jonathan Kim, Los Angeles, California; current residence: Newtron, Massachusetts; resident physician for Partners Healthcare at Massachusetts General Hospital; active duty reserve with the U.S. Navy; doctorate of medicine from Harvard -- Robb Kulin, Anchorage, Alaska; current residence: Redondo Beach, California; senior manager for flight reliability at SpaceX; masters in materials science; Ph.D. in engineering from the University of California-San Diego --Marine Maj. Jasmin Moghbeli, Baldwin, New York; current residence: Yuma, Arizona; quality assurance and avionics officer; master's in aerospace engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School; graduate of the U.S. Navy Test Pilot school -- Loral O'Hara, Sugar Land, Texas; current residence: Woods Hole, Massachusetts; research engineer at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution; master's degree in propulsion and fluid Dynamics from Purdue University -- U.S. Army Maj. Francisco Rubio, Miami, Florida; current residence: Colorado Springs, Colorado; surgeon for the 3rd Battalion, 10th Special Forces Group (airborne); U.S. Military Academy graduate; doctorate of medicine from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences -- Jessica Watkins, Lafayette, Colorado; current residence: Pasadena, California; post-doctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology; Ph.D. in geology from the University of California-Los Angeles NASA plans to operate the International Space Station through at least 2024. Astronauts currently fly to and from the station aboard Russian Soyuz spacecraft, but Boeing and SpaceX are both building new U.S. ferry craft for NASA that are expected to begin flying next year. Play Video CBS This Morning Exclusive look inside Mars 2020 mission NASA has big plans for Martian exploration with Mars 2020. Only on “CBS This Morning,” Jan Crawford take a behind-the-scenes look at the assembly... At the same time, the agency is developing the Orion and the huge SLS rocket to carry astronauts back to the vicinity of the moon in the early 2020s and possibly on to Mars, to either orbit or land on the red planet, in the mid 2030s. At least some of the new astronauts likely will fly to the station aboard the Boeing and SpaceX spacecraft while some may eventually find their way aboard the Orion spacecraft for deep space voyages. But they will need to be patient. Unlike the shuttle program, which launched a half-dozen astronauts at once several times each year, the flight rate for the new spacecraft will be much lower, with longer periods between launches. Only a handful of NASA astronauts can expect to fly in any given year. But unlike a typical short-duration shuttle mission, the new astronauts can expect long stays in space, either aboard the station or on deep space voyages, whenever they get a chance to fly. NASA's 2017 Astronaut Candidate Class stopped for a selfie while getting fitted for flight suits at Ellington Airport near NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston. NASA © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Freed from the circus, lions killed by poachers Gorilla Doctors Poisoned Chief of Chobani Poisoned again? What 60 Minutes learned about Russia's "love of poison" Play Video James Comey to testify today Play Video White House push back against Comey Play Video Can Wray fill the FBI "hole"? Play Video Rep. Schiff on Comey testimony Play Video Analyzing Comey's opening statement Play Video What to expect from Comey testimony Previous Next 20 Photos 2017 CMT Awards highlights 35 Photos 2017 CMT Awards red carpet 34 Photos D-Day: When the Allies turned the tide 28 Photos The art of Kerry James Marshall 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years Previous Next Most Discussed Will U.S. exit from Paris agreement spur job growth? London Bridge terror attack -- live updates Trump pulls out of climate deal Trump tweets again about London mayor Kathy Griffin breaks down into tears: Trump "broke me" New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Things to Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Pride SIFF Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Mayoral Election 2017 Summer Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Pride SIFF Capitol Hill Block Party Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG City • Politics Guest Editorial: I’m a Democrat Who’s Sick of Being Labeled "Pro-Corporate" by Rachael Ludwick • Jun 7, 2017 at 9:48 am Tweet Rachael Ludwick is sick of the rhetoric from some on the left. Courtesy of Rachael Ludwick I'm part of the "thoroughly pro-corporate" leadership of the Democratic party Kshama Sawant denounces. I'm also one of her constituents. I even voted for her. Of course, she didn't really mean me when she wrote that. When someone denounces the leadership of an organization, they usually mean the most senior folks. They forget that there hundreds of people like me in minor leadership roles. Sawant of course is not the only one who complains of the Democrats being pro-corporate. It is a regular theme of "progressive" politics, inside and outside the party itself. But the phrase "pro-corporate" like "progressive" is slippery. It really means "makes too many political decisions that I judge to have been done to support corporate power". It shuts down discussion and refuses to admit nuance. It appears to be an objective assessment of an opponent's policies. But it's not. "Pro-corporate" is a subjective opinion of the opponent's motivations for policy. It reflects a worldview where issues of where economic power is vested are superior to other issues—few would talk about abortion policies as pro-corporate. The assessment refuses to admit the complex reasons a politician might support a particular "pro-corporate" policy. Last year I decided to try (again) to become more active in politics. I'm well aware the Democratic Party is full of people I disagree with. Those "too corporate" people even. But I realized last year that the party speaks with the voices of those who show up. I decided to start showing up, starting by attending my legislative district organization. In January, I was "elected" to a position on the 37th Legislative District Democrats executive board. I put "elected" in quotes because no one else really wanted the job and I was the only one nominated. There's a lot of energy for progressive and anti-Trump politics in Seattle, but less of it in the major party with a near lock on local politics than I expected. Why is that? I think it's partly because of rhetoric like "pro-corporate". It sure is a convenient term! In one phrase you can prove your progressiveness and criticize the only major party that has a chance of shifting United State politics to a more humane place (in time to do anything about climate change anyway). If you can dismiss the Democratic Party as "too tied to corporate interests," then you don't have to do any work to change it. You sure wouldn't want to get your hands dirty or meet people who are in the party despite the mud, despite the conflict, despite the reality that the Right Path is not always obvious. You wouldn't want to make a mistake and maybe, perhaps, someday, down in the thick of things make the wrong decision. Or back the wrong people. You too might be "pro-corporate". In Seattle if you want to help make society better, more "progressive", you can fortunately join the Socialist Alternative or even no party at all. You can disdain the Democratic party and still do some good. You can refuse to vote for a good but flawed law knowing that your Democratic colleagues will vote for it anyway, as Sawant herself does at times. In Seattle, you can vote for the most left candidate of your heart's desires knowing that ultimately someone liberal enough will win. You can chose keep your hands clean. The rest of the state and the rest of the country are not so lucky. In the rest of the state, as in the rest of the country, change is bought with hard and unfortunate compromises. The right or best answer isn't always possible. Take as an example our state's legislature currently in special session trying to pass a budget and fully fund schools. If both the state House (majority Democratic) and Senate (majority Republican) manage to agree, I guarantee I'll find something I don't like about it and so will you. There will probably be something easily criticized as too deferential to corporate interests. I'm tired of being called "pro-corporate" because I decided to work in the system that exists. I'm tired of people I admire—like Nancy Pelosi or Hillary Clinton—being dismissed as "pro-corporate" as if that is the only valid measure of their achievements. I'm tired of hard decisions like tax breaks for Boeing being reduced to alignment with corporate interests, rather than a bad, but possible, choice to try to keep Washington jobs. I'm tired of "pro-corporate" being an unchallengeable and unforgivable assessment. Of course Democrats are. We all are. Or have you not participated in capitalism lately? The only way to not be pro-corporate would be immediate violent revolution. Few Seattle activists support that. Sawant concludes: "At times we will need to agree to disagree on certain issues. But we can and must continue to discuss our differences in a mutually respectful manner, focusing on political issues not personalities, and keeping in mind our shared goal of building movements of working people." I agree. But it's a surprising end to a piece that, intended or not, drips with disdain for anyone trying to work for change within the Democratic party. Rachael Ludwick is a software developer whose been working in Seattle for seven years but only somewhat politically active. This year, the 37th Legislative District Democrats elected her their female delegate to the King County Democrats. 54 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: Interview with a Travel Expert: Heather Cassell Neo-Nazi Group Posts Flyers at Evergreen State College After Student Demonstrations by Ana Sofia Knauf How Much Will All These Sugary Drinks Cost Under the Soda Tax? by Tess Riski Most Popular in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: The 30-Year-Old, Not-Conventionally-Attractive, Cancer-and-Abuse-Surviving Virgin by Dan Savage Hugging: I'm On #TeamJerry by Dan Savage Neo-Nazi Group Posts Flyers at Evergreen State College After Student Demonstrations by Ana Sofia Knauf The Silent-Reading Party Is Tonight! With Live Music from 6 to 8 pm by Christopher Frizzelle Soon Seattle's Tech Boom Will Not Explain Its Housing Crisis by Charles Mudede How Much Will All These Sugary Drinks Cost Under the Soda Tax? by Tess Riski Jeremy Christian, In Second Court Appearance, Shouts a Self Defense Claim by Dirk VanderHart and Doug Brown Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
About Us Contact Us Subscribe to WT Daily RSS Feed Join WT Insider Renew WT Insider Insider Reports Resources Login The Authority for Government Contractors and Partners Most Popular Articles Most Emailed Articles Accenture to buy cloud & digital service firm Phase One for Salesforce footprint Leidos takes top spot on 2017 Top 100 TOP 100: CACI looking to 'break some glass' as it pursues more federal opportunities Leidos takes top spot on 2017 Top 100 TOP 100: CACI looking to 'break some glass' as it pursues more federal opportunities Accenture to buy cloud & digital service firm Phase One for Salesforce footprint Contracts 2017 contracts 2016 contracts 2015 contracts 2014 contracts 2013 contracts M & A People Companies Rankings Opinion John Hillen Robert Lohfeld Stan Soloway Events Insider Reports Business Beat Top 100 Click here to receive the Washington Technology Daily e-Newsletter for FREE! UNMANNED Aquabotix underwater drone added to GSA Schedule By Ross Wilkers Jun 07, 2017 An unmanned underwater vehicle made by Falls River, Mass.-based company Aquabotix has been approved for placement on the GSA Schedule for availability to federal agencies. Aquabotix's Endura vehicle was also added to the GSA Advantage for federal procurement, which qualifies the underwater drone for purchase by state and local agencies. Endura is built with a computer inside, auto controls in the software and lithium battery at a standard operational run time of four hours with AC power also available for continuous operation. The drone is designed for water inspection functions works to record, collect and analyze data sets collected from sensors in real time This approval comes nearly one month after the Navy ordered a single drone from Aquabotix. Underwater drones have become an area of increasing interest to the Navy as the branch plans to grow spending on undersea systems to $3 billion in future years, the Washington Post has reported. Large defense companies have made acquisitions of underwater drone makers within the past year in an effort to position themselves for that growth. Such deals have included Boeing for Liquid Robotics, General Dynamics for Bluefin Robotics and L3 Technologies' twin buys of OceanServer and Open Water Power. About the Author Ross Wilkers is a senior staff writer for Washington Technology. He can be reached at rwilkers@washingtontechnology.com. Follow him on Twitter: @rosswilkers. Also find and connect with him on LinkedIn. Printable Format E-Mail this page Reader Comments Please post your comments here. Comments are moderated, so they may not appear immediately after submitting. We will not post comments that we consider abusive or off-topic. Name: (Optional) Email: (Optional) Invalid Location: (Optional) Your Comment: Comment required Your comment has exceeded the maximum length of 3,000 characters. Please shorten your comment. Please type the letters/numbers you see above Washington Technology FCW GCN Defense Systems Advanced Search Login | Register What is your e-mail address? My e-mail address is: Do you have a password? I don't have a password. (Sign up now!) I have a password Forgot your password? Click here close Trending Dive into our Contract Award database In an exclusive for WT Insider members, we are collecting all of the contract awards we cover into a database that you can sort by contractor, agency, value and other parameters. You can also download it into a spreadsheet. Our databases track awards back to 2013. Read More Navigating the trends and issues of 2016 In our latest WT Insider Report, we pull together our best advice, insights and reporting on the trends and issues that will shape the market in 2016 and beyond. Read More Washington Technology Daily Sign up for our newsletter. Email Address Please select your company's main business focus. Click to Select One Systems Integration VAR (Value Added Reseller) Systems/Software Dvlpment Distribution/Aggregation Aerospace/Defense Contrctr Professional/Engin Servics Other Government Contractr Other Please select your primary job function. Click to Select One Sr Exec/Corp Mgt Program/Project Mgt Technical Management Sys Analyst/Solns Arch/Eng Mgt Procure/Capture Mgt BizDev/Sales/Team Mgt Other I agree to this site's Privacy Policy. Contracts About M & A E-Newsletter People WT Insider Companies Advertise Rankings Contact Opinion Terms Of Use List Rental Privacy Policy 1105 Media, Inc. 8251 Greensboro Drive, Suite 510 McLean, VA 22102 703-876-5100 Insider Customer Service 800-353-9118 or email © 1996-2017 1105 Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Close this Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman RADAR Market Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2014-2020 RADAR is an acronym derived from radio detection and ranging is electronic equipment for detecting and tracking objects. Radar uses radio waves to determine the direction, range, altitude or speed of an object. It is used in detection of spacecraft, ships, aircraft, missile and vehicles. RADAR uses radio energy for ranging and detection of an object. They are widely used in weather forecasting, meteorology and geology purposes. Initially RADAR was developed for military and defense purposes. However, with technological advancement such as greater receiver sensitivity and high power output it can also be used in several other applications such as tracking missiles and detecting aircrafts In RADAR, short bursts of radio energy are transmitted and reflected from the target as an echo. The radar signals are generated by the transmitter and received by a sensitive receiver. Directional antennas are used in RADAR for the purpose of transmitting the pulse and receiving the echo. The frequency range used by RADAR is divided into two groups. The first group includes X-band with a frequency range of 9,300 MHz to 9,500 MHz. The second group is S-band having frequency range of 2,900 MHz to 3,100 MHZ. Different techniques used in ranging and detection include bi-static, mono-static and quasi-mono-static. In bi-static technique, the transmitter and receiver antenna are located at different locations whereas in mono-static both the antennas are co-located for target. In quasi monostatic the transmitter and receiver antennas are slightly separated but appear as co-located. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-267 RADAR shows application in air traffic control, antimissile systems, ocean surveillance systems, space surveillance, aircraft anti-collision systems, radar astronomy and air-defense systems. Highly advanced radar systems are used for digital signal processing and are capable of extracting useful information from high noise level. High defense budgets of different countries and increasing demand for economic and security issues are driving the demand RADAR market. Additionally, technological advancements and increasing demand for ranging and detection of objects is fuelling the growth of the market. However, adverse climate conditions affect the range of RADAR which poses a key challenge for the market. Moreover, technological developments such as phased array systems and active electronically scanned array systems offer potential opportunities for the market. RADAR market can be segmented on the basis of application, types and waveform. RADAR has application in several industries such as military and defense, aviation, marine and space industry. In aviation industry, aircrafts are equipped with radar to provide altitude and weather information. Marine Industry uses radar to measure the distance between the ships and to navigate a ship. Applications of RADAR in military and defense is expected to witness tremendous growth over the forecast period. Different types of RADAR available are ground based, air borne, naval and space based radar. RADAR operates on different waveforms including continuous wave and pulsed wave. Further, continuous waveform includes frequency modulated continuous waveform and pulsed wave is classified into coherent and non coherent waveforms. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-267 Some of the key players in RADAR market include Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, SAAB AB, Rockwell Collins Inc., Thales Group, Kelvin Hughes, L-3 Communications Holdings, General Dynamics Corporation, Exelis Inc., Dassault Aviation, SRC Inc., Honeywell International Inc., Finmeccanica SPA, Israel Aerospace Industries, BAE Systems, Cobham PLC and Boeing Company among others. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Good Growth Opportunities in Global Advanced Ceramics Market Till 2020 Next PostNext P&G Veteran Mick Suh Joins Eyeview Expanding CPG Leadership, Appointment Builds Continued Category Growth Across Outcome-Based Video Marketing Search Recent Posts Germany Acid Proof Lining Market projected to register a CAGR of 5.9% during 2016-2026 Global Industrial Microbiology Market expected to expand at a CAGR of 7.1% over 2016-2024 Tantalum Capacitors Market Trends Global Industry Analysis, Top Manufacturers, Share, Growth, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Thornhill Medical’s MOVES® SLC™ Portable Emergency Life Support System Receives 510K Clearance From The US FDA Asia-Pacific Polyether Block Amide (PEBA) Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 08 Jun 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Dubai Land Department streamlines brokerage activity India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE India’s property sector moves past demonetisation Emaar reports $10.9bln project backlog in the UAE Lowest international bid for 200MW Dubai solar power plant Egypt imposes tariffs on Chinese, Turkish, and Ukrainian steel Green initiative: Solar panels to power four malls in UAE Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties Kremlin spurns speculation of Rosneft stake buyback from Qatar Qatar asks banks for daily information on FX trade, withdrawals Exchange shut down by UAE Central Bank begins giving back money Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market China Construction Bank lists bond on Nasdaq Dubai ADIB, Thomson Reuters present fifth Ethical Finance Innovation Awards Dubai Islamic Bank gives Zakat money to Ras al-Khaimah charity Dana Gas appoints advisers for $700 mln sukuk restructuring GCC fixed income shows promise as asset class Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Facebook launches features to connect U.S. users to elected officials Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top 1million units Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Saudi ally Bahrain demands Qatar distance itself from Iran Qatar debt rating downgraded by S&P as riyal hits 11-year low Bahrain foreign minister says all options open on Qatar: Mecca Newspaper Trump offers to help resolve Gulf crisis Syria peace talks in Astana postponed Iran says Qatar crisis not to impact work at joint South Pars gas field Pro-Assad alliance threatens to hit U.S. positions in Syria Syrian refugees in Lebanon & Jordan could lose assistance, warns UN Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month Morocco parliament passes delayed 2017 budget Algeria's Sonatrach, Repsol sign pact to consolidate ties UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote UAE's Etihad, German TUI abandon plans to form new leisure airline UK must not bend rules to allow Saudi Aramco IPO Blue chips help Qatar rebound, weak oil prices hit Saudi Dubai index sees turnaround in trend on blue chip buying Egypt inflation eases for first time since currency float Pound nears 2-week high before UK vote Qatari riyal slips to 11-year low against dollar in spot market Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Oil rises off one-month lows struck after surprise stock build Gold inches down ahead of UK polls, ex-FBI chief's testimony Egypt's new steel tariffs in effect as of June 6 -trade ministry Qatar credit default swaps continue edging up on diplomatic rift Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi Arabia to roll out a second phase of white land tax Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security UAE's federal council approves changes to tax procedure bill Egypt minister to submit draft investment regulations in a month U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives U.S. might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland Security Dubai's Al Khail Gate residents to get ‘explosion-proof’ LPG cylinders Municipality meets with real estate developers in Dubai Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub UAE postal group suspends services to Qatar Controversy: UAE telecom regulator questioned on ‘bad habits’ cinema promo Medical malpractice complaints in Saudi up by 37% Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities: report Passengers stranded at Saudi airports Saudi rights activist who fought driving ban arrested again Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins What does a CEO look like? DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark, says WHO Spinning on empty stomachs in India's textile hub Interactive instrument uses music for child therapy and learning Chronic pain tied to faster memory decline in old age Abu Dhabi approves fee hikes for 24 private schools Moroccan fossils shake up understanding of human origins Video games deliver hope to Syrian refugees Rockefeller art collection to be auctioned benefiting charities TV remains a favoured shopping medium in Gulf Archaeologists discover Aztec ball court in heart of Mexico City Farmer en suite, Swiss "zero-star" hotel moves beds to great outdoors Madinah 'Tourist Bus' runs pilot trip Smart UAE Wallet: Use smartphone as your passport at Dubai airport Take a vacation? Not me, says action star Tom Cruise Tight security in Paris as Ariana Grande resumes Europe tour DiCaprio and Carlos Slim craft plan to save endangered porpoise Amal Clooney, Beyonce's twins turn motherhood into summer blockbuster Pakistan back in the race as rain helps their cause Formula One statistics for the Canadian Grand Prix Workers bowled over by cricket nights AFC monitoring Qatar crisis, hoping to minimize impact on matches Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Business Article aviation UAE's Etihad Cargo, Royal Air Maroc Cargo to increase cooperation 07 June, 2017 ABU DHABI, 7th June, 2017 (WAM) -- Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo have signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, which will see the two airlines cooperate in a number of areas including network development, freighter deployment and increasing traffic on several trade lanes over the next nine months. The MoU was signed at Royal Air Maroc’s headquarters in Casablanca by David Kerr, Senior Vice President, Etihad Cargo, and Amine El Farissi, Vice President Cargo, Royal Air Maroc. Abdelhamid Addou, Chief Executive Officer of the Moroccan national airline, also attended the signing ceremony. David Kerr said, "This new MoU reinforces Etihad Cargo’s commitment to our customers by providing more capacity and greater frequency to destinations around the world. Together with Royal Air Maroc, we have been working for the past year to deliver improved services for shippers to the US, Canada, Brazil and West Africa. "This MOU is a testament to the success of our partnership – both commercially for our respective airlines, and for our customers who have benefitted from enhanced connections." Amine El Farissi said, "We are very pleased to strengthen our existing partnership with Etihad Cargo through this agreement. The signature of this MoU is a milestone for our long-term cooperation. "Thanks to the geographic and commercial synergies which will result from this game-changing partnership, we will take our performance to the next level, mainly in the African and the American markets. Royal Air Maroc Cargo will also benefit from Etihad Cargo’s operational and technological know-how." The airlines will spend the next nine months growing traffic through joint network development, including freighter deployment, and identifying further areas of cooperation. Royal Air Maroc Cargo operates one Boeing 737 freighter, which will be complemented by Etihad Cargo’s freighter fleet of 10 aircraft, five Boeing 777Fs and five Airbus A330Fs, as well as belly-hold capacity on a combined fleet of more than 150 passenger aircraft from both airlines. © Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2017. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae morocco logistics Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Nicholas Polley as General Counsel 2 hours ago Chestertons appoints new head for MENA brokerage 1 day ago Cisco Saudi Arabia appoints engineer Haytham AlOhali Managing Director 1 day ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR Digital Republic Linked by Isobar appointed as digital creative agency for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Development Authority Digital Republic linked by Isobar to give digital creative, social media services for Ras Al Khaimah Tourism Authority. 1 day ago Goh Choon Phong New IATA Chairman Goh Choon Phong, CEO of Singapore Airlines, Chairman of IATA Board of Governors for a one-year term. 1 day ago  from Four Communications Group Cerner Middle East & Africa healthcare strengthens client alignment with the appointment of new leadership roles 06 Jun 2017  from Orient Planet Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news Gulf crisis: Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines Gulf crisis: Arab rift deepens woes for Gulf airlines A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines. By: Reuters | Mexico | Updated: June 7, 2017 2:06 PM The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar’s airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. (Reuters) A bust-up between Arab powers has dealt a blow to supercarriers already hurt by low oil prices and laptop bans, exposing the sensitivity of Gulf hubs to regional uncertainty and creating openings for rival airlines – at least in the short term. The unexpected closure of most surrounding airspace to Qatar’s airline and restrictions on travel for its nationals left passengers stranded and forced its high-profile chief executive to bail out of a meeting of airline bosses in Mexico. “It completely surprised all of us,” Alexandre de Juniac, head of the International Air Transport Association, said after overseeing the meeting of around 200 airlines. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE and Bahrain severed diplomatic ties with Qatar on Monday over its alleged support for militants. Transport links closed. Plunged into a diplomatic row for the second time in three years, Qatar Airways was forced to reroute dozen of flights through Iranian airspace as the world’s second-richest nation per capita found itself almost boxed in by no-fly restrictions. It was a dramatic reversal for the once unstoppable carrier, which has splashed tens of billions of dollars on jetliners and clashed with U.S. rivals over its breakneck expansion. “The whole business model is based on being a hub. They have invested in the airport, invested in state-of-the-art aircraft. They are losing a key source of (traffic) feed from major local markets,” British aviation consultant John Strickland said. “With the overflight ban, it is not only a headache to reroute some of the operation, but it will make flights longer due to more circuitous routes. It adds time and cost and disrupts the schedule in terms of making connections.” SHIFT TO OTHER CARRIERS Some demand may shift to other carriers, he said. IATA delegates said European carriers and Turkish Airlines could benefit, as well as UAE heavyweights Emirates and Etihad. Disarray between Gulf allies left the region’s wider aviation growth looking vulnerable in the eyes of some industry watchers and laid bare political complexities underpinning the diversification from oil into an East-West transit point. “It has been a reality that they have adapted to and lived with. That said, there has always been a significant concern that this (Gulf aviation) is, if not on a knife-edge, then on a fairly narrow plane,” said Peter Harbison, a former Australian aviation trade negotiator and chairman of consultancy CAPA. “It certainly does destabilize things that little bit further. Do you get to a tipping point? I don’t think so.” IATA, whose members include national carriers of all the affected states, was reluctant to wade publicly into the row. “Nations all over the world can close their borders and close or open their (airspace). But we would like the normal connectivity to be re-established, the sooner the better,” de Juniac said. While air travel between nations is governed by bilateral pacts, the right to overfly another country for civil transport is enshrined in international law through a 1944 transit accord. However, Saudi Arabia is not a member of the treaty, which calls for disputes to be settled through negotiation before exercising the right to close airspace for limited reasons. FRAGMENTED AIRSPACE The decision to isolate Doha came as Qatar Airways CEO Akbar Al Baker mingled with IATA members late on Sunday in Cancun. He left overnight by business jet, delegates said. The move sent aviation officials from Montreal to Geneva and the Gulf scrambling to understand the ban and find routings through fragmented airspace, a step akin to threading a needle. IATA said last week Gulf airlines had already seen traffic curtailed in April by U.S. and UK bans on electronics in cabins of flights from some the Middle East and North African nations. “I think one can read too much into a short-term event,” said Aengus Kelly, chief executive of Aercap, one of the world’s largest leasing companies and aircraft owners. “Global travel is resilient. We have been through so much in the last decade: Russia, Brazil, Eurozone crisis, Turkey.” “Having said that, a lot of capacity has been going into the Gulf region. Some carriers in the Gulf recognized about a year and a half ago that there wasn’t an endless growth model of 15 percent a year.” That could have consequences for the timing of deliveries of dozens of wide-body jets on order from Airbus and Boeing. “They will be deferred and the market will come back into balance,” Kelly predicted. IRAN JOINS IATA BOARD The row placed Qatar and its outspoken airline boss in the unusual position of responding to events outside his control. The region’s shifting dynamics were also reflected by the election of the head of IranAir to IATA’s board for the first time since at least before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Qatar has friendlier ties with Tehran than most neighbours including Saudi Arabia, where President Donald Trump last month called on Muslim states to stand united against Iran. The undercurrent of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which has ordered 200 Western jets under a deal with major powers, is seen as key to the stability of the region and could spill over to air travel demand, aviation experts said. “For the first time, it’s very clear Iran does have a chance to come back into the fold and that is part of the things that are creating new tension in the Middle East,” said Robert Martin, head of Singapore lesssor BOC Aviation. No Comments. Don't Miss Ease of doing business, tax relief & 24X7 power supply: UP's new industrial policy to be out in 2-4 weeks You may soon need your PAN or Aadhar card to book a flight ticket GST rates: A quick guide to how much tax you'll pay 4G speed in India 3 times lower than world average, ranks even below Pakistan, Sri Lanka: report India vs Sri Lanka LIVE Cricket Score: Shikhar Dhawan's century guides India to 321/6 MP farmers protest: Rajnath Singh says got information that some forces tried to instigate people in Mandsaur Pakistan accuses India of 'devious games' in Afghanistan UDAN scheme: Tamil Nadu signs MoU with Centre; Hosur, Neyveli set to have low-cost flight services Rahul Gandhi in Mandsaur Live Updates: Congress VP meets kin of Mandsaur victims, offers condolences Army deploys through the wall radars in Kashmir Business Gallery UK general election kicks off: Here are some choicest picks Sleep n fly lounge: Dubai Airport offers innovative Igloo pods for its travellers; here’s how it looks like DMK Chief Karunanidhi’s 94th birthday: From Rahul Gandhi, Nitish Kumar to Sitaram Yechury; opposition unity in pictures India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli-led India humiliates Pakistan, begins title defence in thumping style London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Technology Gallery WWDC 2017: iOS 11 brings powerful new features to iPhone and iPad; take a look WWDC 2017: Apple’s iMac Pro is the most powerful Mac ever; here are the key features WWDC 2017: Apple’s iPad Pro launched; know the key features WWDC 2017: From HomePod to iPad Pro and all new iOS update; know the key highlights from Apple’s big event ISRO GSLV Mk 3 rocket launches GSAT-19 satellite into space: 5 unique things you must know Hindi News MP किसान आंदोलन: राहुल गांधी को पुलिस ने रिहा किया, राजनाथ बोले- जांच रिपोर्ट आने दीजिए LIVE क्रिकेट स्कोर, भारत बनाम श्रीलंका, ICC चैंपियंस ट्रॉफी 2017: SL के सामने IND ने रखा 322 रनों का मुश्किल लक्ष्य मंदसौर जाते हुए राहुल गांधी ने खोया आपा...गाड़ी से उतरे, कुर्ते की आस्‍तीन चढ़ाई और पुलिस अफसर पर चिल्लाए- ऐ... Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
4.34 PM Thursday, 8 June 2017 Home News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Classifieds Videos Pictures Bollywood Jobs Home Business Advanced Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo to increase cooperation By Wam Published Wednesday, June 07, 2017 Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo have signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, which will see the two airlines cooperate in a number of areas including network development, freighter deployment and increasing traffic on several trade lanes over the next nine months. The MoU was signed at Royal Air Maroc’s headquarters in Casablanca by David Kerr, Senior Vice President, Etihad Cargo, and Amine El Farissi, Vice President Cargo, Royal Air Maroc. Abdelhamid Addou, Chief Executive Officer of the Moroccan national airline, also attended the signing ceremony. David Kerr said, "This new MoU reinforces Etihad Cargo’s commitment to our customers by providing more capacity and greater frequency to destinations around the world. Together with Royal Air Maroc, we have been working for the past year to deliver improved services for shippers to the US, Canada, Brazil and West Africa. "This MOU is a testament to the success of our partnership – both commercially for our respective airlines, and for our customers who have benefitted from enhanced connections." Amine El Farissi said, "We are very pleased to strengthen our existing partnership with Etihad Cargo through this agreement. The signature of this MoU is a milestone for our long-term cooperation. "Thanks to the geographic and commercial synergies which will result from this game-changing partnership, we will take our performance to the next level, mainly in the African and the American markets. Royal Air Maroc Cargo will also benefit from Etihad Cargo’s operational and technological know-how." The airlines will spend the next nine months growing traffic through joint network development, including freighter deployment, and identifying further areas of cooperation. Royal Air Maroc Cargo operates one Boeing 737 freighter, which will be complemented by Etihad Cargo’s freighter fleet of 10 aircraft, five Boeing 777Fs and five Airbus A330Fs, as well as belly-hold capacity on a combined fleet of more than 150 passenger aircraft from both airlines. Share with a friend or colleague Your e-mail address: Recipient's e-mail address: Message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Related Articles UAE, Singapore airlines sign cargo deal Etihad Cargo and Abu Dhabi handle record July tonnage Etihad increases flights to 4 cities Etihad Rail signs MoU with NAC Etihad revenues jump 28% to Dh11.75bn in H1 2014 Business Dubai Airports selects Quintiq for automated planning solution to deliver world-class passenger experience Quintiq, a Dassault Systemes brand and global leader in supply chain planning and optimisation (SCP&O), has been Samsung launches Galaxy On7 Prime on Souq.com Samsung Gulf Electronics announced the launch of the Galaxy On7 Prime series of smartphones, which will be sold online Payments in UAE banking system normal, Central Bank says after Qatar rift Banks are uncertain whether existing transactions with Qatari institutions will have to be wound up. The UAE Central Electric vehicles have another record year, reaching 2m cars in 2016: Global EV Outlook The number of electric cars on the roads around the world rose to 2 million in 2016, following a year of strong growth Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Gold rates for Thursday, June 08, 2017 Daily Morning 9:00 AM Afternoon 3:00 PM Evening 8:00 PM Ounce rate 1286 1286   Solar panels to power four more Majid Al Futtaim malls by 2018 Enova will supply solar power to four Majid Al Futtaim malls, delivering expected savings of Dh80 million. Enova’s Most Popular in Business Read Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Solar panels to power four more Majid Al Futtaim malls by 2018 Gulf rift: Economic impacts on Qatar Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier as states mull repair laws Alibaba Pictures buys India's TicketNew Videos Teen hit by train in Mumbai survives WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES Pratiksha Natekar, 19, was hit by a train while crossing the tracks at a station. The teenager Octopus nabs crab from fisherman Footage released by the BBC Earth program Super Smart Animals shows a fisherman named Steve throwing out traps in an Woods looks bewildered in new police breathalyzer video A new police video broadcast by US media on Thursday shows a handcuffed Tiger Woods trying to blow into a tube as he Enormous Stratolaunch aircraft rolled out for first time Billionaire Paul G. Allen's Stratolaunch, a massive aircraft designed to launch rockets into space from high altitude, Newborn tries to walk minutes after birth Newborn tries to walk minutes after birth Hilarious moment a farting goat scares a child Hilarious moment a farting goat scares a child. See more videos News In Images Spotted: Priyanka Chopra returns to India after Baywatch promotions Prince Harry pays tribute to terror victims KUWTK: Kim Kardashian West is 'obsessed' with beauty Salman Khan celebrate the Being Human cycle launch at sister Arpita's house Follow Emirates 24|7 Smart travel scheme launched at Dubai International Airport A sophisticated smart scheme enabling travelers to use their smartphones instead of their passport or express gate Rescuers pull bodies from plane wreck in Myanmar sea Myanmar search and rescue teams were pulling dead bodies from the sea off the country's southern coast Thursday after a Best man steals limelight from newlyweds by proposing to his girlfriend at their wedding A couple are outraged at the best man after he proposed to his girlfriend at their wedding ceremony and announced they In Case You Missed It ... Sharjah wilts without power in over 45°C heat for second day Women and children flee to relatives' and friends' houses in Dubai and other emirates to escape heat The coolest way to ride the water in Dubai Fare ranges between Dh50 and Dh570 for regular trips and Dh400 per hour for tourist journey Parents black, baby blonde and blue-eyed Dad insists mum was true to him Saudis urged to “market” daughters for marriage A prominent Saudi psychiatrist has urged local families to market their daughters for early marriage, saying this would Sri Lanka declare at 520-8 in first Test Rangana and Lasith prove unlikely saviours with career-best scores Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Apps Advertise With Us Our services Healthy and Smart... Avocado Smoothie Dubai Post Sanji: Giving back to the Community Dubai Post Apple Reveals the New iOS11 Dubai Post Dubai Post Healthy and Smart... Avocado Smoothie Dubai Post Sanji: Giving back to the Community Dubai Post Apple Reveals the New iOS11 Dubai Post No Limits for Art Dubai Post What Causes Anger in Ramadan? Dubai Post Copyright © 2017. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved. Tweet
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Goods And Services » Etihad Cargo And Royal Air Maroc Cargo To Increase Cooperation ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Qatar's $1-Billion Investments in Egypt at Risk Amid Diplomatic Rift UK Economy to Slow Amid Brexit and Spending Freeze: OECD Qatar Keeps Gas Flowing to UAE Despite Crisis Update: Philippines Reverses Ban on Filipino Workers Heading to Qatar UAE Threatens Social Media Users With 15 Years in Jail, $136,000 Fine for Sympathizing With Qatar Gulf Crisis: Philippines Blocks Workers From Traveling to Qatar for Fear of 'Starvation' Emaar to IPO 30 Percent of Its Real Estate Development Unit: Chairman Toyota Sells All Shares in Tesla, Flies Solo Middle Eastern Airlines to Suffer 63.6 Percent Drop in 2017 Profit: IATA Qatari Riyal Under Pressure as Saudi, UAE Banks Halt Deals With Qatar Morocco's Trade Gap Widens 35.8 Percent in Q1 2017 Qatar Ports Says Most Imports Come From Sea, Not Land Border With Saudi Is Qatar Heading Towards a Food Crisis? WWDC 2017: Apple Announces iOS 11, HomePod and 10.5-inch iPad Pro Qatar-Gulf Dispute Puts Billions of Dollars at Risk: Experts Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo To Increase Cooperation Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo To Increase Cooperation 2.5 5 Published June 7th, 2017 - 07:55 GMT Press Release Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit During the event Follow > Click here to add Addou as an alert Click here to remove the Addou alert Disable alert for Addou, Click here to add Airbus as an alert Click here to remove the Airbus alert Disable alert for Airbus, Click here to add Amine El Farissi as an alert Click here to remove the Amine El Farissi alert Disable alert for Amine El Farissi, Click here to add Boeing as an alert Click here to remove the Boeing alert Disable alert for Boeing, Click here to add Etihad Cargo as an alert Click here to remove the Etihad Cargo alert Disable alert for Etihad Cargo, Click here to add Kerr as an alert Click here to remove the Kerr alert Disable alert for Kerr, Click here to add Royal Air Maroc as an alert Click here to remove the Royal Air Maroc alert Disable alert for Royal Air Maroc, Click here to add Royal Air Maroc Cargo as an alert Click here to remove the Royal Air Maroc Cargo alert Disable alert for Royal Air Maroc Cargo Etihad Cargo and Royal Air Maroc Cargo have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) which will see the two airlines cooperate in a number of areas including network development, freighter deployment and increasing traffic on several trade lanes over the next nine months.   The MOU was signed at Royal Air Maroc’s headquarters in Casablanca by David Kerr, Senior Vice President, Etihad Cargo, and Amine El Farissi, Vice President Cargo, Royal Air Maroc. Abdelhamid Addou, Chief Executive Officer of the Moroccan national airline, also attended the signing ceremony.   Mr Kerr said: “This new MOU reinforces Etihad Cargo’s commitment to our customers by providing more capacity and greater frequency to destinations around the world. Together with Royal Air Maroc, we have been working for the past year to deliver improved services for shippers to the US, Canada, Brazil and West Africa.   “This MOU is a testament to the success of our partnership – both commercially for our respective airlines, and for our customers who have benefitted from enhanced connections.”   Mr El Farissi said: “We are very pleased to strengthen our existing partnership with Etihad Cargo through this agreement. The signature of this MOU is a milestone for our long-term cooperation. “Thanks to the geographic and commercial synergies which will result from this game-changing partnership, we will take our performance to the next level, mainly in the African and the American markets. Royal Air Maroc Cargo will also benefit from Etihad Cargo’s operational and technological know-how.”  The airlines will spend the next nine months growing traffic through joint network development, including freighter deployment, and identifying further areas of cooperation.   Royal Air Maroc Cargo operates one Boeing 737 freighter, which will be complemented by Etihad Cargo’s freighter fleet of 10 aircraft – five Boeing 777Fs and five Airbus A330Fs – as well as belly hold capacity on a combined fleet of more than 150 passenger aircraft from both airlines.  Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Rate Article: Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Oman Steps in to Fly Qataris Back Home Oldest Human Remains Found in Morocco Saudi Women’s Rights Activist Released from Jail UN Conference Shifts to Water Issues, Peace and Security Philippines Bans Workers from Traveling to Qatar Over Food Shortage Fears Trump Hotel Receives $270,000 from Saudi Arabia No Funeral Prayers for ‘Cold-blooded Murderers’ Of London Attack, Say British Imams Qatar Airways License Revoked by Saudi Arabia Ramadan While Palestinian: Iftar Held at Checkpoint After Activists Denied Entry Eight Million Pilgrims Transported to Grand Mosque Thus Far During Ramadan US States, Cities Vow to Fill the Climate Gap as Trump Abandons Paris Accords ‘Maybe, Maybe Not’: Ai Weiwei’s New Exhibition Opens in Jerusalem Top Headlines Tunisia coach highlights Egypt's strengths ahead of AFCON qualifier Qatar's $1-Billion Investments in Egypt at Risk Amid Diplomatic Rift Australia 3 Saudi Arabia 2: Socceroos gain huge World Cup boost Former US Presidential Advisor Claims $110 bn Saudi Arms Deal is ‘Fake News’ Not harmful to exercise while fasting: Doctor RECENT ARTICLES Qatar's $1-Billion Investments in Egypt at Risk Amid Diplomatic Rift UK Economy to Slow Amid Brexit and Spending Freeze: OECD Qatar Keeps Gas Flowing to UAE Despite Crisis Leaked OnePlus 5 Looks Slim, Smart and Shiny! How to Work While on Vacation: A Guide for the Workaholic FEATURED STORIES Same-day service deliveries in GCC an untapped market: Wing CEO So cool it's hot: Saudi Arabia's $3.2B HVACR market driven by construction boom Oman sees steady upswing in fishing industry Breathe easier with LG Saudi Arabia’s new indoor ventilation system Careem offers discounts to riders headed to the gym! RELATED ARTICLES Etihad Cargo increases freighter services to Africa Etihad Airways revenue increases 29 per cent in q3 2014, following accelerated passenger and cargo growth Etihad Airways carries a record number of passengers and cargo in 2011 “Al Tayyar Travel Group” signs a partnership and cooperation agreement to be the General agent of cargo operations for the Turkish airlines in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Etihad Airways’ President and CEO addresses global Cargo Conference in Abu Dhabi MOST POPULAR Etihad Adds World's Largest Plane With Apartments, Studios Russia, Saudi Arabia Discuss Oil, War in Syria on Prince's Visit to Moscow Using Saudi Money, Jordan Renovates Water Pipes for Syrian Refugees in Mafraq Oman to Launch Its First Large-Scale Wind Farm in 2020 Sudan Bans Egypt's Imports Amid Growing Tensions Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact Divya Nagpal Divya.Nagpal@fourcommunications.com Related Videos Dubai Shopping Festival (DSF) Arabian Oud TVC From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Arms Race: Iran Builds Third Underground Missile Factory Iraqi Militias Infiltrate Syria, Test International Coalition Update: 24 Killed, 27 Injured in Gun Attack on Coptic Christians in Egypt 140,000 Palestinians to Be Pushed Out of Jerusalem Egypt Receives Saudi Backing in Fight Against Terrorism   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
