Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Aviation News: Real-Time Boeing Data to Optimize Operational Efficiency for Etihad Airways Dubai | 07 Feb 2017 | By Boeing Boeing [NYSE:BA] today announced that Etihad Airways signed a contract to introduce the Boeing Wind Updates solution into the airline’s operations. The tool will increase efficiency and reduce fuel consumption across the carrier’s global operations. By integrating the Wind Updates offering from Boeing Commercial Aviation Services, Etihad Airways can leverage real-time information to improve in-flight airplane performance based on atmospheric conditions. Boeing Wind Updates will optimize flight operations fleet-wide for Etihad Airways.   “Improved decision making by our flight crews and reduced fuel consumption are two of the hallmark features of the programme that we look forward to implementing with this agreement,” said Richard Hill, chief operations officer at Etihad Airways. “Being aware of real-time wind data and their related conditions will enhance situational awareness in the flight deck, enabling us to fly the most efficient routes possible.” More current and accurate weather data is expected to reduce fuel consumption for Etihad Airways by an average of 200-400 lbs (90-180 kgs) of fuel per flight. Overall, Boeing Wind Updates will improve in-flight performance for Etihad Airways aircraft by providing customized, real-time wind and temperature information during every flight anywhere in the world.   “Helping customers drive increased operational efficiency through our integrated portfolio of flight optimization solutions allows airlines to improve bottom line results,” said David Longridge, vice president of sales and marketing, Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. “Boeing Wind Updates is a key component of these optimization services and we look forward to assisting Etihad Airways in reaching its operational goals.” Contact: Brian Rantala Boeing Digital Aviation Communications +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com John Greenway Etihad Airways Tel: + 971 2 511 1520 jgreenway@etihad.ae More information:  http://www.boeing.com/boeing/commercial/aviationservices/integrated-services/digital-airline.page CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, carrier, fleet, officer, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peabody Energy Announces Upsize And Pricing Of $950 Million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility Next PostNext LCI Industries to Acquire Italian-Based Manufacturer Sessa Klein Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10525 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. Post to Facebook Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY 3:34 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 497 Shares U.S. airline pilots hope President Trump will overturn the Obama administration decision in December to allow Norwegian Air International to fly to the U.S.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. The Air Line Pilots Association, which represents 55,000 pilots at 32 airlines, and other unions have filed a federal appeal to the Transportation Department’s decision in December to allow Norwegian flights. The unions have also urged President Trump to simply overturn the decision. But Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Tuesday that Norwegian is hiring U.S. crews and buying Boeing planes that are “a huge economic interest” for the country. Norwegian spokesman Anders Lindstrom said that no other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs. The airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 planes and has ordered 120 more, with 500 U.S. based crew members and hundreds more planned, he said Tuesday. Capt. Tim Canoll, ALPA’s president, told reporters during a conference call Wednesday that Trump himself had been vocal during the campaign and as president about protecting American jobs. “President Trump has not spoken on this issue,” Canoll said. “We have him speaking very clearly in his first few days as the president of the United States, and certainly as the president-elect and during the campaign, on this issues -- very unambiguous.” USA TODAY Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air plans U.S. expansion Trump repeated a campaign slogan at his inauguration Jan. 20 that his priority would be “America first.” “We will follow two simple rules: buy American and hire American,” Trump said. “Every decision on trade, on tax, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families.” Unions opposed the Norwegian approval because the subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle is headquartered in Ireland, which unions contend was done to skirt labor laws. Norwegian strongly denies that. Capt. Todd Insler, chairman of the Master Executive Council at United Airlines, told reporters that Norwegian Air Shuttle is already buying Boeing planes and flying to the U.S. so there is no need for the subsidiary. “The airplanes will be manufactured regardless. This isn’t providing any new jobs,” Insler said. “What this is about is skirting the labor law, so they can undercut the U.S. industry.” The comments about Norwegian came in the days leading up to a Thursday meeting between Trump and airline chief executives. ALPA isn’t invited, but there is some expectation about a discussion of the Norwegian arrangement and a dispute between the Big 3 U.S. carriers of American, Delta and United against state-owned rivals in the Middle East of Emirates, Etihad and Qatar. However, not all U.S. carriers have taken that viewpoint. Some U.S. carriers opposed the "Big 3" effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10525 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. Post to Facebook Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY 3:34 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 497 Shares U.S. airline pilots hope President Trump will overturn the Obama administration decision in December to allow Norwegian Air International to fly to the U.S.  (Photo: Creative Commons) Airline pilots who are opposed to Norwegian Air International flights to the U.S. dismissed on Wednesday a White House statement from a day earlier that appeared to support the rival. The Air Line Pilots Association, which represents 55,000 pilots at 32 airlines, and other unions have filed a federal appeal to the Transportation Department’s decision in December to allow Norwegian flights. The unions have also urged President Trump to simply overturn the decision. But Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Tuesday that Norwegian is hiring U.S. crews and buying Boeing planes that are “a huge economic interest” for the country. Norwegian spokesman Anders Lindstrom said that no other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs. The airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 planes and has ordered 120 more, with 500 U.S. based crew members and hundreds more planned, he said Tuesday. Capt. Tim Canoll, ALPA’s president, told reporters during a conference call Wednesday that Trump himself had been vocal during the campaign and as president about protecting American jobs. “President Trump has not spoken on this issue,” Canoll said. “We have him speaking very clearly in his first few days as the president of the United States, and certainly as the president-elect and during the campaign, on this issues -- very unambiguous.” USA TODAY Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air plans U.S. expansion Trump repeated a campaign slogan at his inauguration Jan. 20 that his priority would be “America first.” “We will follow two simple rules: buy American and hire American,” Trump said. “Every decision on trade, on tax, on immigration, on foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families.” Unions opposed the Norwegian approval because the subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle is headquartered in Ireland, which unions contend was done to skirt labor laws. Norwegian strongly denies that. Capt. Todd Insler, chairman of the Master Executive Council at United Airlines, told reporters that Norwegian Air Shuttle is already buying Boeing planes and flying to the U.S. so there is no need for the subsidiary. “The airplanes will be manufactured regardless. This isn’t providing any new jobs,” Insler said. “What this is about is skirting the labor law, so they can undercut the U.S. industry.” The comments about Norwegian came in the days leading up to a Thursday meeting between Trump and airline chief executives. ALPA isn’t invited, but there is some expectation about a discussion of the Norwegian arrangement and a dispute between the Big 3 U.S. carriers of American, Delta and United against state-owned rivals in the Middle East of Emirates, Etihad and Qatar. However, not all U.S. carriers have taken that viewpoint. Some U.S. carriers opposed the "Big 3" effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kPfCZu Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares The American pizza capital you've never heard of 54k Shares Don't miss these destination dumplings 271 Shares This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world 3.9k Shares Snowed in at Snowbird? Time to play indoors 297 Shares
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column Nordstrom stock shrugs off Trump's tweet attack, showing he's become a paper tiger Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump Evan Vucci / AP The people's business, or their own? President Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka at the White House earlier this month. The people's business, or their own? President Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka at the White House earlier this month. (Evan Vucci / AP) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter President Trump staged another tweet attack on an American corporation on Wednesday, this time raking Nordstrom Inc. for the supposed crime of dropping his daughter Ivanka’s fashion line. At about 10:51 a.m. New York time, Trump tweeted, “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” This attack follows Trump tweets aimed at Boeing and Lockheed Martin, but there are a few especially notable aspects to it. First, it was entirely personal: The critiques of Boeing and Lockheed were at least ostensibly related to public policy — he was questioning the cost of Defense Department procurements from those companies. But there’s no public policy aspect to whether Nordstrom continues to carry Ivanka’s merchandise, only the question of how much lucre flows into the Trump family’s pocket.  Second, this tweet was particularly incoherent. What could Ivanka’s being “a great person” have to do with Nordstrom’s business decisions, even assuming for the sake of argument that it’s true?  Third, and perhaps most important from a business standpoint, the market impact of Trump’s tweet was especially evanescent. The big retailer’s stock took a hit around the time of the tweet, falling about 0.65% to $42.47 as trading volume soared from about 6,700 shares in the minute or so before the tweet dropped to roughly a half-million shares during the four minutes that followed. But the action was over soon thereafter; by 2:01 p.m. New York time, Nordstrom was back above its pre-Trump peak. The shares closed at $44.53, a gain of more than 4% on a day when the rest of the market was essentially flat. With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack Ycharts With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack With action like Nordstrom's stock saw on Wednesday, CEOs may hope their companies can attract a Trump tweet attack (Ycharts) Nordstrom announced Feb. 2 that it was dropping Ivanka-branded shoes and handbags from its merchandise offerings starting with the spring season, which is starting now. The company attributed the decision to the brand’s poor “performance,” rather than to politics. When Trump first started hectoring corporations by name via Twitter, we observed that his market-moving tweets were a scandal waiting to happen. There was the chance that a member of his inner circle clued in to his tweeting plans might try to trade ahead of them. Moreover, these off-the-cuff tweets signaled that Trump was insensitive to the fact that every word of a president “is parsed to the nth degree, every thought magnified to global significance, no matter how casual or careless.” Accordingly, while it’s not uncommon for presidents to try to jawbone industries or even individual companies, it’s very unusual for a president to settle personal scores with a corporation using his bully pulpit. But the Nordstrom tweet appears to have eradicated the line between the public interest and Trump’s interest. That’s why it was termed “outrageous” in a tweet by Norm Eisen, a former chief ethics officer for the Obama White House and the co-founder of the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. Trump not only issued the tweet from his personal account, but retweeted it on his official @POTUS account. Trump spokesman Sean Spicer illustrated the depth of the Administration’s insensitivity to conflicts of interest in his defense of the tweet. Trump is “leading this country,” he said at a press briefing Wednesday. “For people to take out their concern about his actions or his executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success."  Criticism also came from the other side of the political divide, with Ari Fleischer, the former press secretary for George W. Bush, tweeting, “This is something a father would say. It’s not the type of thing a President of the United States should say.” And as Kevin Drum of Mother Jones observed, there’s an aspect of commercial favoritism to the Nordstrom’s tweet that makes it especially inappropriate: Nordstrom was not the only company that is dropping Ivanka’s merchandise. So have Neiman-Marcus and at least four other retailers. T.J. Maxx, which earlier was reported to have dropped Ivanka merchandise, has said it has incorporated the products into its regular racks, but hasn’t taken them out of inventory.  Nordstrom, as it happens, has been openly critical of Trump’s immigrant travel ban. The company’s three co-presidents — brothers Blake, Peter and Erik Nordstrom — issued a memo to employees observing that their company was founded by an immigrant, their great-grandfather John W. Nordstrom, and that today it employs thousands of first- and second-generation immigrants. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. UPDATES: 12:58 p.m.: This post has been updated with a more complete quote from Trump spokesman Sean Spicer. 1:46 p.m.: This post has been updated with Nordstrom’s closing stock price. 3:08 p.m.: This post has been updated to clarify T.J. Maxx’s marketing of Ivanka merchandise. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Nordstrom Sean Spicer Lockheed Martin Corp. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? The pros and cons of Boeing’s and Airbus’ most popular models, and which company comes out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus are the two largest airplane manufacturers in the world. In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg answer the question: Who makes the better plane? Find out the differences between the two companies' most popular models, who really controls how much space per passenger a plane gets, which company has better cabin pressure and why it matters for travelers, how the two companies compare with each other in terms of seat size, and more. Also, the hosts go into the difference in fuel efficiency between the two companies. Find out how much it matters, how it's calculated, which company comes out on top, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: I wanted to get you in here and answer the eternal question: Who makes a better plane, Boeing or Airbus? Adam Levine-Weinberg: It's a great question. We're going to slice this a few different ways. O'Reilly: I remember when I first posted this to you, and you were like, "Oh, that's a good one." Anyway, go ahead. Levine-Weinberg: To start off, I wanted to say, safety-wise, both of these companies make very safe airplanes these days. There's really no difference. Both of them have incredible safety records. Obviously, there are accidents sometimes. Most of the time, it's pilot error or some kind of human error. So, safety-wise, both of these companies know what they're doing; they make very reliable planes. When you get beyond that, there's some really interesting comparisons between the planes of both companies. We'll start off with what's probably the most important for a lot of the Fools listening to this show out there, which is passenger comfort. How do you feel when you're on the plane? Is there space? Do you feel like you're cramped in like a sardine? A lot of that actually doesn't depend so much on the airplane as much as it does on the airline itself, because the airlines have a lot of leeway to set up the plane the way they like. O'Reilly: So they can move the seats, is what you're saying? Levine-Weinberg: They can move the seats around in their own configuration. There are some limits to that, but not a lot. What's interesting is that, in general, Airbus planes tend to have wider seats than Boeing. And there's a few reasons for that. On the narrow-body side, these are the single-aisle planes that you see flying all around the United States and on some of the shorter international flights, the Boeing 737 is the best-selling plane in history. The runner-up is Airbus' A320, which is their competitor. And it just happens that the Boeing 737 has been around since the 1960s, and Boeing keeps just redesigning it and redesigning it. O'Reilly: Wow. So this is a 50-some-year-old plane now? Levine-Weinberg: When it was originally designed, it was a small plane meant to carry about 100 passengers. And now it's gotten up to 150 and even 200 passengers in many configurations. They made it longer; they have obviously upgraded of the engines several times; they've upgraded all of the interiors and the cockpits. But what they haven't done -- O'Reilly: They downgraded leg room -- I'm kidding. Levine-Weinberg: That's true, but again, that's up to the airlines. But what hasn't changed is the width. This was a plane that was originally meant for relatively short flights, so it's a little narrower than the Airbus A320, which was designed about 20 years later, in the '80s. The result is, generally speaking, the seats on a Boeing 737 are about a half inch to an inch narrower than the seats you'd see on an A320, and the aisle is often usually narrower, about a 7- or 8-inch difference. O'Reilly: Which doesn't sound like a lot, but you're talking about that on every seat. It adds up. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. Critics of the industry have said that the average weight is going up, especially in the United States -- O'Reilly: I was going to make a joke, like, it's interesting that the European plane has the wider seats; what's up with that? Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's just from when it was designed and what it was designed for. The 737 grew into its current mission. Five or 10 years ago, Boeing was really strongly considering sunsetting the 737, getting a completely new design. But the problem is, when you think about the cost of a completely new plane compared to what it costs to upgrade one when it's already selling -- O'Reilly: There's no incentive, yeah. Levine-Weinberg: They've sold thousands of these, looking out five and even 10 years. So there's just no reason right now. O'Reilly: That's so funny, because the joke is obviously, oh, you Americans and your big cars, and Europe makes the slightly bigger plane. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. You've seen the same thing on the widebody side. These are the planes with two aisles that you typically see on the longer haul international routes. The Airbus A330 and A350 were designed with 18-inch seats. If you talk to Airbus, they'll talk to you about how they love passenger comfort and they have decided that 18 inches is the correct width, and the seat can't be any less than that or you're going to be uncomfortable, especially when you're trying to sleep, or just stuck in your seat for a 12-hour flight. The funny thing is that Boeing didn't intend to have narrower seats on its widebody planes, which are the 777 and the 787, which is also popularly known as the Dreamliner. Those were actually designed with wider seats. The planes are actually so wide that airlines realized they could fit an extra seat in each row -- O'Reilly: Oh, here we go. Levine-Weinberg: -- so that's what they did. So, originally, these were meant to have 18-and-a-half-inch or 19-inch seats, even wider than the Airbus ones, and now virtually every airline, especially the ones that are taking the airplanes now as opposed to the ones that got them 15 or 20 years ago, in the case of the 777, they're all configuring them with an extra seat in each row. So, now, they have 17 inches of seat width, which is OK for a while, but a lot of passengers find that uncomfortable if you're traveling for a really long time. Other aspects of travel, the newest planes from both Boeing and Airbus, so this is the 787 from Boeing and the Airbus A350, they have some really innovative changes because of the new materials they're working with, they can keep the cabin a lot more humid than it used to be possible to do. They've also increased the air pressure so it's closer to the ground level pressure. Usually, it's pressurized now at about 6,000 feet instead of 8,000 feet. They've said that it greatly increases passenger comfort, and can also help a lot with reducing jet lag. So, those are two big improvements that both manufacturers have made. But just based on the seat width alone, Airbus has a bit of an edge over Boeing in terms of passenger comfort. O'Reilly: Got it. So I just took over an airline. I'm an executive at an airline. I was completely sold by Buffett's extremely modest investment in the sector. And I am coming to you and I am talking to Boeing and Airbus, and I'm like, "So, guys, biggest cost is fuel, it's oil, it's gasoline. Oil prices are cheap right now, gasoline, too, it's actually been a huge boon for the industry, but that might not last forever. Which of you guys is more fuel efficient?" Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, this is another big point where the two manufacturers disagree with each other and put out all kinds of statistics that are usually doctored in one way or another to show why their planes are so much more fuel efficient. The best people to talk to on this are actually the airlines, because they don't have a dog in the fight. Generally, when you talk to either the airlines or the aircraft leasing companies, historically, Boeing has had a small advantage in terms of fuel efficiency. It's not a lot -- O'Reilly: What do you mean by small? Levine-Weinberg: We're talking about maybe 2% or 3%, for a comparable generation of planes. So, obviously, a 20-year-old Airbus plane is going to be way behind a Boeing plane that just rolled off the assembly line today. But for what they're building at the same time, they've been pretty similar. On the narrowbody side, so, this is the 737 and the A320, historically, Boeing has had an advantage, and that may have disappeared just now. One of the problems with Boeing having this really old design that it keeps reusing for the 737 is that it can't use the same type of engines as Airbus has been able to use because the plane is very short. It's not very high off the ground. So without making really big changes to the landing gear to prop up the plane higher, they can't use bigger engines. And those bigger engines tend to have better fuel efficiency. O'Reilly: Yeah, just because of more surface area on the blades and stuff. Levine-Weinberg: It's very complicated science. The bigger engine creates more drag, which reduces the fuel efficiency, but the engine itself tends to be more efficient, and that usually more than balances it out. Boeing has found some workarounds. It got pretty close. But Boeing has typically talked about its next-generation plane, the 737 MAX, which is going to be available to the first airlines this year, as being about 13% better than the previous generation, whereas the new A320neo, which is the version of the A320 with upgraded engines, that's about a 15%-16% advantage in terms of fuel consumption. So that alone probably closed the 2%-3% advantage that Boeing had previously held over Airbus. So now, they're pretty much neck-and-neck on that. On the widebody side, the Boeing planes are also probably a little bit better, but it's pretty close, especially with the new A350, which is a new Airbus plane that came out a couple years ago. Then there's an upgraded engine version of the A330 that will be available early next year. With those coming from Airbus, it's pretty much neck-and-neck. And that's really not that surprising, because these two companies are using the same engine suppliers. And the engine, obviously, is the most important part of the plane in terms of determining how much fuel it uses. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10338 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports. Post to Facebook Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 2:22 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 9:02 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 13k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share JetBlue is among airlines cancelling flights around the country as the Northeast braces for its biggest snowstorm yet this season. USA TODAY NETWORK LATEST UPDATE: Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 2,800 cancellations and growing ORIGINAL POST: Airlines had already canceled more than 2,300 flights for Thursday and nearly all were waiving change fees as a fast-moving winter storm threatened to bring heavy snow to portions of the Northeast. The storm was forecast to swipe a large area of the Northeast, possibly snarling flights at airports from Pennsylvania and New Jersey north into New York state and coastal New England. The airports in the Baltimore-Washington metro area also could be affected as forecasts called for rain changing to snow, though conditions were not expected to be as bad as to the north. FLIGHT TRACKER: Is your flight on time? USA TODAY Biggest snowstorm of winter to dump a foot in Northeast Ahead of the storm, airlines moved to preemptively cancel flights to avoid keeping crews and planes snowed in by the storm. By using such a tactic, carriers then aim for a quick restart once the weather passes and airports are able to clear snow from runways and taxiways. In the past, some airlines' operations have been snarled by trying to operate close to the storm's arrival -- sometimes leaving fliers stranded in planes or overnight in terminals. As of 5:20 p.m. ET, 2,293 flights had been canceled nationwide, according to flight-tracking service FlightAware. That total had been climbing rapidly Wednesday afternoon, suggesting the overall tally would climb even higher. There also were some cancellations starting to show up on schedules for Wednesday evening, though only about 420 cancellations had been reported nationwide as of 5:20 p.m. ET. That's a relatively modest number on a national basis. "Today is a mixed bag, but tomorrow, the New York and Boston areas are most impacted with 40% of their flight operations cancelled," FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker said in a statement. "We expect tomorrow and Thursday’s numbers to continue to rise as airlines finalize their plans and then asses the impact on how quickly they can recover." Already for Thursday, JetBlue had grounded more than 585 flights -- nearly 60% of its entire national schedule -- by early Wednesday afternoon. JetBlue’s two busiest hubs – New York JFK and Boston – were each expected to get a half-foot of snow or more, according to the latest forecasts. It appeared as though JetBlue might halt all or most of its schedules at both airports Thursday. Some of the company's Wednesday evening flights also were canceled. "In preparation for weather conditions, we are canceling a number of flights in advance of scheduled departure to give customers time to make necessary arrangements," JetBlue spokesman Philip Stewart said in a statement to Today in the Sky. "We are offering rebooking on the next available flight. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An American Airlines Boeing 737-800 passes in front of Mount Hood on final approach to land at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets on Los Angeles as an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 awaits a gate on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Aeroflot Airbus A330 departs LAX for decidely frostier climes on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The underside of an EVA Air Boeing 777-300 is illuminated by a sun-baked stretch of parking lots on final approach to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' PSA-themed heritage jet sits in front of a US Airways-painted AA jet at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbus Blue Jackets' private DC-9 rockets out of Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A family watches a Korean Air Airbus A380 float over a park next to Runway 25R at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Late '50s and early '60s style abounds in a retired DC-3 located at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles. The aircraft first flew in 1941 for now-defunct TWA, eventually flying executives for an oil company from 1950 to 1982.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Only a few dozen feet above the ground, a Virgin Atlantic Airbus A340-600's journey to LAX from London is nearly complete on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant uniform, most likely from early 1950s Japan Air Lines, seen on display at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its iconic shape clear from a distance, a KLM Boeing 747-400 leads a line-up of arrivals to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crossing over L.A.'s famous Sepulveda Boulevard, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 is about to complete its journey to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 737s bearing the mark of recently defunct Russian carrier Transaero await conversion to a new owner in Everett, Wash., on Nov. 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qantas Boeing 747-400 is towed to a remote parking location at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Markers on the tarmac denote wheel placements for a dizzying array of widebody jets at Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With beautiful orange foliage providing a scenic backdrop, an Alaska Airlines Q400 turboprop departs Portland International Airport in Portland, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 717-200 taxis to a gate at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off on its delivery flight to Amsterdam from Boeing's enormous Everett, Wash., factory on Nov. 13, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flanked by Mount Hood, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1979 Beech 76 takes off in the shadow of an Emirates Boeing 777-300 at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in November of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Spectators gather to watch an Emirates Boeing 777-300 take off on its delivery flight to Dubai on Nov. 21, 2015 in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small bush plane performs a go-around at the Pacific City State Airport in Pacific City, Ore., on Nov. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor takes in the unusual shape of the Mini Guppy, located at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Nord 1101 Noralpha sport plane casts a reflection on a puddle at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Charlotte Douglas International Airport, seen from above on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta MD-80 jet lands in wet, pre-dawn weather at Minneapolis St-Paul Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique six-wheel bogie on the Boeing 777 main landing gear rolls by at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers walk through Terminal Two at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Aircraft fill the gates before the pre-dawn rush at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American, which also has multiple hubs in the storm’s path, grounded more than 300 “mainline” flights for Thursday and another 450 on its regional affiliates, according to spokesman Ross Feinstein. American’s hubs at Philadelphia, New York JFK and New York LaGuardia each were expected to get significant snow. That would be all but certain to snarl flights at the delay-prone airports, each of which experience disruptions even in minor weather events. American also operates a hub at Washington’s Reagan National Airport, where rain is expected to switch to snow early Thursday. Southwest had canceled about 255 of its Thursday flights -- or about 6% of its daily schedule -- as of 4:50 p.m. ET, according to FlightAware's count. United had grounded about 215 of its mainline flights for Thursday, though cancellations on its regional affiliates could double that total. The snow-related complications follow what was already a rough Thursday for United. The Chicago Tribune reported the carrier suffered nationwide delays Wednesday because of "a systemwide computer problem affecting flight plans." The issue didn't lead to a massive wave of cancellations, but it did snarl United's punctuality. About one out of every three United flights was operating behind schedule on Wednesday, according to FlightAware. Delta had cancelled about 350 flights from late Wednesday into Thursday, with the "bulk" of that total coming for Thursday, spokesman Michael Thomas said. Most of the cancellations so far have been on Delta's Delta Connection regional affiliates. Delta operates hubs at LaGuardia and JFK airports and it has a significant presence at Boston Logan, so those cancellation totals could grow if the storm severely hampers operating conditions at those airports. Overall, cancellation tallies across all airlines appeared likely grow as the storm forecast became more certain. Nearly all big airlines flying to airports in the storm’s path were waiving change fees. Scroll down to links to the weather waiver policies in place at big U.S. airlines: Alaska Airlines Allegiant American Airlines Delta Air Lines Frontier Airlines JetBlue Southwest Spirit Airlines United Airlines Virgin America TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Russian-built Ilyushin IL-76 cargo jet rests in the rain as it awaits a load of heavy drilling equipment at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thrust reversers on a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 kick up rain on a wet runway at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An XTRAirways Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Salt Lake City and mountains provide a stunning backdrop as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 comes to a stop at Salt Lake City International Airport on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 taxis to a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets move about Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga special cargo jet, based on a highly modified A300, takes off from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies out for departure to Europe from Chicago O'Hare International Airport as the Willis Tower, home to the carrier's headquarters, looms in the background in this photo from Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Paris' Charles de Gaulle's iconic Terminal 2 is seen on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets taxi around Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestAir Airbus A320 takes off on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines tails line up at Terminal 3 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers deboard an American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 at Providence T.F. Green International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual VIP Douglas DC-9 rockets out of Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Embraer E190 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off over a company Airbus A321 from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200, operating a charter flight, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 Pegasus tanker jet, destined for the U.S. Air Force, lands at Seattle's Boeing Field on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The northern lights put on a dazzling display over Greenland, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Paris on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Boeing 777-300 rests at the gate at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in France on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new RwandAir Airbus A330 departs on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Airbus A350-1000 soars into gray skies after making its maiden flight, leaving Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350-900 destined for Cathay Pacifc is towed across an Airbus company ramp at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker takes off after a touch and go from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350-1000 widebody jet returns to Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016 after its maiden flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Airbus A321neo narrowbody jet makes an appearance at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide YOUR TAKE: Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A pop of color in a white wonderland in Indiana.  Brock Willis, Your Take Fullscreen Wildlife bears the cold in Estes Park, Colo.  Derek Jerrell, Your Take Fullscreen New Yorkers take a winter stroll along Fifth Avenue in New York City.  Kelly R. Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Manhattan gets a light dusting of snow during a winter day.  Brittany Sullivan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow dumps on Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen Entrance to Yellowstone National Park at sunrise.  Emily Lester, Your Take Fullscreen Children sled on the U.S. Capitol's steps in Washington, D.C.  James Jackson, Your Take Fullscreen Snow covers cars in Fairfax, Va.  John Ernst, Your Take Fullscreen A serene snowscape in State College, Pa.  Sylvie Abrams, Your Take Fullscreen People play in the snow in the middle of Times Square in New York City.  Kelly Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Snow flurries at dusk in Alexandria, Va.  Chris Duncan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops cars on the side of the street in New York City.  Ashish Prashar, Your Take Fullscreen Fog and snow freeze in Nashville.  Tom Irvin, Your Take Fullscreen Snow just begins to melt in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen A driveway is buried in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Sun reflections and lenticular clouds merge at Mount Rose near Reno.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen A puppy plays in the snow in Morgantown, W.Va.  Steven Royce, Your Take Fullscreen A picturesque scene of a walkway carved into the snow in Rochester, N.Y.  Rebaz Saleh, Your Take Fullscreen Snowfall illuminates the area of Promontory Point in Chicago.  Samantha Clark, Your Take Fullscreen Heavy snow builds in Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state.  Gary Cranston, Your Take Fullscreen Frost clings to wood in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops branches in Randolph, N.Y.  Erica Brecher, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Michigan receives a few inches of snow.  Amy Modaff, Your Take Fullscreen A fresh snow falls somewhere in Delaware.  Jon Lloyd Jr., Your Take Fullscreen The Gateway Arch peeks out through a white wonderland in downtown St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen The framework of an Ohio snowflake clings to the surface.  Jeffrey Goodman, Your Take Fullscreen A blue jay enjoys the scene in Missouri.  Tammi Elbert, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Wenatchee State Park gets covered up.  Rachel Robert, Your Take Fullscreen Trevor Mahlmann encountered a snowy, but sunny morning on Purdue University's campus in West Lafayette, Ind.  Trevor Mahlmann, Your Take Fullscreen A light and dusty snowfall hits Central Park in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen The sun goes down over the Mississippi River as the snow sticks in St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10338 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports. Post to Facebook Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Preemptive cancellations come ahead of heavy snow forecast at many bust Northeast airports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Snow: Airlines have already canceled 2,300 flights for Thursday Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 2:22 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 9:02 a.m. ET Feb. 9, 2017 13k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share JetBlue is among airlines cancelling flights around the country as the Northeast braces for its biggest snowstorm yet this season. USA TODAY NETWORK LATEST UPDATE: Thursday: Snowstorm snarls flights; 2,800 cancellations and growing ORIGINAL POST: Airlines had already canceled more than 2,300 flights for Thursday and nearly all were waiving change fees as a fast-moving winter storm threatened to bring heavy snow to portions of the Northeast. The storm was forecast to swipe a large area of the Northeast, possibly snarling flights at airports from Pennsylvania and New Jersey north into New York state and coastal New England. The airports in the Baltimore-Washington metro area also could be affected as forecasts called for rain changing to snow, though conditions were not expected to be as bad as to the north. FLIGHT TRACKER: Is your flight on time? USA TODAY Biggest snowstorm of winter to dump a foot in Northeast Ahead of the storm, airlines moved to preemptively cancel flights to avoid keeping crews and planes snowed in by the storm. By using such a tactic, carriers then aim for a quick restart once the weather passes and airports are able to clear snow from runways and taxiways. In the past, some airlines' operations have been snarled by trying to operate close to the storm's arrival -- sometimes leaving fliers stranded in planes or overnight in terminals. As of 5:20 p.m. ET, 2,293 flights had been canceled nationwide, according to flight-tracking service FlightAware. That total had been climbing rapidly Wednesday afternoon, suggesting the overall tally would climb even higher. There also were some cancellations starting to show up on schedules for Wednesday evening, though only about 420 cancellations had been reported nationwide as of 5:20 p.m. ET. That's a relatively modest number on a national basis. "Today is a mixed bag, but tomorrow, the New York and Boston areas are most impacted with 40% of their flight operations cancelled," FlightAware CEO Daniel Baker said in a statement. "We expect tomorrow and Thursday’s numbers to continue to rise as airlines finalize their plans and then asses the impact on how quickly they can recover." Already for Thursday, JetBlue had grounded more than 585 flights -- nearly 60% of its entire national schedule -- by early Wednesday afternoon. JetBlue’s two busiest hubs – New York JFK and Boston – were each expected to get a half-foot of snow or more, according to the latest forecasts. It appeared as though JetBlue might halt all or most of its schedules at both airports Thursday. Some of the company's Wednesday evening flights also were canceled. "In preparation for weather conditions, we are canceling a number of flights in advance of scheduled departure to give customers time to make necessary arrangements," JetBlue spokesman Philip Stewart said in a statement to Today in the Sky. "We are offering rebooking on the next available flight. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An American Airlines Boeing 737-800 passes in front of Mount Hood on final approach to land at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets on Los Angeles as an American Airlines Boeing 737-800 awaits a gate on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Aeroflot Airbus A330 departs LAX for decidely frostier climes on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The underside of an EVA Air Boeing 777-300 is illuminated by a sun-baked stretch of parking lots on final approach to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines' PSA-themed heritage jet sits in front of a US Airways-painted AA jet at Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Columbus Blue Jackets' private DC-9 rockets out of Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A family watches a Korean Air Airbus A380 float over a park next to Runway 25R at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Late '50s and early '60s style abounds in a retired DC-3 located at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles. The aircraft first flew in 1941 for now-defunct TWA, eventually flying executives for an oil company from 1950 to 1982.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Only a few dozen feet above the ground, a Virgin Atlantic Airbus A340-600's journey to LAX from London is nearly complete on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant uniform, most likely from early 1950s Japan Air Lines, seen on display at the Flight Path Learning Center in Los Angeles on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Its iconic shape clear from a distance, a KLM Boeing 747-400 leads a line-up of arrivals to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 departs LAX on Nov. 7, 2015, as a trio of international tails await their next flights.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Crossing over L.A.'s famous Sepulveda Boulevard, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 is about to complete its journey to LAX on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 737s bearing the mark of recently defunct Russian carrier Transaero await conversion to a new owner in Everett, Wash., on Nov. 21, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Qantas Boeing 747-400 is towed to a remote parking location at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Markers on the tarmac denote wheel placements for a dizzying array of widebody jets at Los Angeles International Airport's Tom Bradley International Terminal on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With beautiful orange foliage providing a scenic backdrop, an Alaska Airlines Q400 turboprop departs Portland International Airport in Portland, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 717-200 taxis to a gate at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen KLM's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off on its delivery flight to Amsterdam from Boeing's enormous Everett, Wash., factory on Nov. 13, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Flanked by Mount Hood, a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 lands at PDX on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A 1979 Beech 76 takes off in the shadow of an Emirates Boeing 777-300 at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in November of 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Spectators gather to watch an Emirates Boeing 777-300 take off on its delivery flight to Dubai on Nov. 21, 2015 in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A small bush plane performs a go-around at the Pacific City State Airport in Pacific City, Ore., on Nov. 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor takes in the unusual shape of the Mini Guppy, located at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Nord 1101 Noralpha sport plane casts a reflection on a puddle at the Tillamook Air Museum in Tillamook, Ore., on Nov. 29, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Charlotte Douglas International Airport, seen from above on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta MD-80 jet lands in wet, pre-dawn weather at Minneapolis St-Paul Airport on Oct. 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unique six-wheel bogie on the Boeing 777 main landing gear rolls by at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers walk through Terminal Two at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Aircraft fill the gates before the pre-dawn rush at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 7, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide American, which also has multiple hubs in the storm’s path, grounded more than 300 “mainline” flights for Thursday and another 450 on its regional affiliates, according to spokesman Ross Feinstein. American’s hubs at Philadelphia, New York JFK and New York LaGuardia each were expected to get significant snow. That would be all but certain to snarl flights at the delay-prone airports, each of which experience disruptions even in minor weather events. American also operates a hub at Washington’s Reagan National Airport, where rain is expected to switch to snow early Thursday. Southwest had canceled about 255 of its Thursday flights -- or about 6% of its daily schedule -- as of 4:50 p.m. ET, according to FlightAware's count. United had grounded about 215 of its mainline flights for Thursday, though cancellations on its regional affiliates could double that total. The snow-related complications follow what was already a rough Thursday for United. The Chicago Tribune reported the carrier suffered nationwide delays Wednesday because of "a systemwide computer problem affecting flight plans." The issue didn't lead to a massive wave of cancellations, but it did snarl United's punctuality. About one out of every three United flights was operating behind schedule on Wednesday, according to FlightAware. Delta had cancelled about 350 flights from late Wednesday into Thursday, with the "bulk" of that total coming for Thursday, spokesman Michael Thomas said. Most of the cancellations so far have been on Delta's Delta Connection regional affiliates. Delta operates hubs at LaGuardia and JFK airports and it has a significant presence at Boston Logan, so those cancellation totals could grow if the storm severely hampers operating conditions at those airports. Overall, cancellation tallies across all airlines appeared likely grow as the storm forecast became more certain. Nearly all big airlines flying to airports in the storm’s path were waiving change fees. Scroll down to links to the weather waiver policies in place at big U.S. airlines: Alaska Airlines Allegiant American Airlines Delta Air Lines Frontier Airlines JetBlue Southwest Spirit Airlines United Airlines Virgin America TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn December's #avgeek photo gallery (2016)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Russian-built Ilyushin IL-76 cargo jet rests in the rain as it awaits a load of heavy drilling equipment at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 2, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Thrust reversers on a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 kick up rain on a wet runway at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An XTRAirways Boeing 737 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 5, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Downtown Salt Lake City and mountains provide a stunning backdrop as a Delta Air Lines Boeing 717 comes to a stop at Salt Lake City International Airport on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 taxis to a gate at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines jets move about Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus Beluga special cargo jet, based on a highly modified A300, takes off from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies out for departure to Europe from Chicago O'Hare International Airport as the Willis Tower, home to the carrier's headquarters, looms in the background in this photo from Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines jets line up for departure early in the morning at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Paris' Charles de Gaulle's iconic Terminal 2 is seen on Nov. 25, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets taxi around Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A WestAir Airbus A320 takes off on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines tails line up at Terminal 3 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' newly painted jet supporting veterans is readied for departure to Portland, Ore., on Veteran's Day, Nov. 11, 2016 at Chicago O'Hare.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers deboard an American Eagle Bombardier CRJ-700 at Providence T.F. Green International Airport on Nov. 11, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unusual VIP Douglas DC-9 rockets out of Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Embraer E190 takes off from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off over a company Airbus A321 from Boston Logan International Airport on Nov. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Boeing 737 MAX8 returns to Boeing Field in Seattle after a test flight on Nov. 19, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 777-200, operating a charter flight, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 Pegasus tanker jet, destined for the U.S. Air Force, lands at Seattle's Boeing Field on Nov. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The northern lights put on a dazzling display over Greenland, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Paris on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air France Boeing 777-300 rests at the gate at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport in France on Nov. 22, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A brand-new RwandAir Airbus A330 departs on a test flight from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Airbus A350-1000 soars into gray skies after making its maiden flight, leaving Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Airbus A350-900 destined for Cathay Pacifc is towed across an Airbus company ramp at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A330 MRTT aerial refueling tanker takes off after a touch and go from Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Airbus' new A350-1000 widebody jet returns to Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016 after its maiden flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Airbus A321neo narrowbody jet makes an appearance at Toulouse-Blagnac International Airport in southern France on Nov. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide YOUR TAKE: Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Snow hard feelings: Winter is here and it's beautiful  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A pop of color in a white wonderland in Indiana.  Brock Willis, Your Take Fullscreen Wildlife bears the cold in Estes Park, Colo.  Derek Jerrell, Your Take Fullscreen New Yorkers take a winter stroll along Fifth Avenue in New York City.  Kelly R. Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Manhattan gets a light dusting of snow during a winter day.  Brittany Sullivan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow dumps on Lake Tahoe-Nevada State Park.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen Entrance to Yellowstone National Park at sunrise.  Emily Lester, Your Take Fullscreen Children sled on the U.S. Capitol's steps in Washington, D.C.  James Jackson, Your Take Fullscreen Snow covers cars in Fairfax, Va.  John Ernst, Your Take Fullscreen A serene snowscape in State College, Pa.  Sylvie Abrams, Your Take Fullscreen People play in the snow in the middle of Times Square in New York City.  Kelly Kopp, Your Take Fullscreen Snow flurries at dusk in Alexandria, Va.  Chris Duncan, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops cars on the side of the street in New York City.  Ashish Prashar, Your Take Fullscreen Fog and snow freeze in Nashville.  Tom Irvin, Your Take Fullscreen Snow just begins to melt in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen A driveway is buried in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Sun reflections and lenticular clouds merge at Mount Rose near Reno.  Eleanor Preger, Your Take Fullscreen A puppy plays in the snow in Morgantown, W.Va.  Steven Royce, Your Take Fullscreen A picturesque scene of a walkway carved into the snow in Rochester, N.Y.  Rebaz Saleh, Your Take Fullscreen Snowfall illuminates the area of Promontory Point in Chicago.  Samantha Clark, Your Take Fullscreen Heavy snow builds in Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state.  Gary Cranston, Your Take Fullscreen Frost clings to wood in Front Royal, Va.  Candice Trimble, Your Take Fullscreen Snow tops branches in Randolph, N.Y.  Erica Brecher, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Michigan receives a few inches of snow.  Amy Modaff, Your Take Fullscreen A fresh snow falls somewhere in Delaware.  Jon Lloyd Jr., Your Take Fullscreen The Gateway Arch peeks out through a white wonderland in downtown St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen The framework of an Ohio snowflake clings to the surface.  Jeffrey Goodman, Your Take Fullscreen A blue jay enjoys the scene in Missouri.  Tammi Elbert, Your Take Fullscreen Lake Wenatchee State Park gets covered up.  Rachel Robert, Your Take Fullscreen Trevor Mahlmann encountered a snowy, but sunny morning on Purdue University's campus in West Lafayette, Ind.  Trevor Mahlmann, Your Take Fullscreen A light and dusty snowfall hits Central Park in New York City.  Rosalie Espinosa Quinto, Your Take Fullscreen The sun goes down over the Mississippi River as the snow sticks in St. Louis.  Debbie Fenelon, Your Take Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The 'boneyard': Where airlines send old planes to be scrapped FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Riding a retiring jetliner to the airline 'boneyard'  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The remains of a Thai Airways Airbus A300 are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 is en route from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The view from the cockpit as American Airlines Flight 9780 lands at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The spartan crew on this retirement flight exited via the MD-80’s tailcone stairs after it  arrived at Roswell N.M., on its retirement flight from Dallas/Fort Worth on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes being raided for parts are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 (tail number N585AA) is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” moments after arriving on its retirement flight on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Parts -- and planes being raided for parts -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The remains of scrapped aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Plane parts being scrapped at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Some Boeing 747s are among the idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A retired American Airlines aircraft -- its branding obscured --- is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft -- their branding obscured --- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen amid scattered airplane parts at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled aircraft is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An idled American Airlines MD-80 is seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Planes -- and pieces of planes -- are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Capt. Pat Walsh takes in the sight of retired planes at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Spare plane parts are big business at Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard."  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Birds eerily make themselves at home amid idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen What's left of a Scoot Boeing 777 is at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled American Airlines aircraft are seen with their branding obscured at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cabin was empty for the Dec. 4, 2015, departure of American Airlines Flight 9780 from Dallas/Fort Worth to Roswell, N.M. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen American Airlines Flight 9780 departs Dallas/Fort Worth for Roswell, N.M., on Dec. 4, 2015. It was the retirement flight for the American MD-80 (tail number N585AA).  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This red 1962 Lockheed JetStar JT 12-5 once flew Elvis, according to American’s staff at Roswell.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Idled aircraft are seen at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A bus stop adjacent to the Roswell "boneyard" plays right along with the aviation them.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen There's also a regular passenger airline terminal adjacent to the boneyard.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The sun sets behind idled aircraft at the Roswell “boneyard” on Dec. 4, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 54 2 of 54 3 of 54 4 of 54 5 of 54 6 of 54 7 of 54 8 of 54 9 of 54 10 of 54 11 of 54 12 of 54 13 of 54 14 of 54 15 of 54 16 of 54 17 of 54 18 of 54 19 of 54 20 of 54 21 of 54 22 of 54 23 of 54 24 of 54 25 of 54 26 of 54 27 of 54 28 of 54 29 of 54 30 of 54 31 of 54 32 of 54 33 of 54 34 of 54 35 of 54 36 of 54 37 of 54 38 of 54 39 of 54 40 of 54 41 of 54 42 of 54 43 of 54 44 of 54 45 of 54 46 of 54 47 of 54 48 of 54 49 of 54 50 of 54 51 of 54 52 of 54 53 of 54 54 of 54 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k4gp4k Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? The pros and cons of Boeing’s and Airbus’ most popular models, and which company comes out on top. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Boeing (NYSE:BA) and Airbus are the two largest airplane manufacturers in the world. In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg answer the question: Who makes the better plane? Find out the differences between the two companies' most popular models, who really controls how much space per passenger a plane gets, which company has better cabin pressure and why it matters for travelers, how the two companies compare with each other in terms of seat size, and more. Also, the hosts go into the difference in fuel efficiency between the two companies. Find out how much it matters, how it's calculated, which company comes out on top, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: I wanted to get you in here and answer the eternal question: Who makes a better plane, Boeing or Airbus? Adam Levine-Weinberg: It's a great question. We're going to slice this a few different ways. O'Reilly: I remember when I first posted this to you, and you were like, "Oh, that's a good one." Anyway, go ahead. Levine-Weinberg: To start off, I wanted to say, safety-wise, both of these companies make very safe airplanes these days. There's really no difference. Both of them have incredible safety records. Obviously, there are accidents sometimes. Most of the time, it's pilot error or some kind of human error. So, safety-wise, both of these companies know what they're doing; they make very reliable planes. When you get beyond that, there's some really interesting comparisons between the planes of both companies. We'll start off with what's probably the most important for a lot of the Fools listening to this show out there, which is passenger comfort. How do you feel when you're on the plane? Is there space? Do you feel like you're cramped in like a sardine? A lot of that actually doesn't depend so much on the airplane as much as it does on the airline itself, because the airlines have a lot of leeway to set up the plane the way they like. O'Reilly: So they can move the seats, is what you're saying? Levine-Weinberg: They can move the seats around in their own configuration. There are some limits to that, but not a lot. What's interesting is that, in general, Airbus planes tend to have wider seats than Boeing. And there's a few reasons for that. On the narrow-body side, these are the single-aisle planes that you see flying all around the United States and on some of the shorter international flights, the Boeing 737 is the best-selling plane in history. The runner-up is Airbus' A320, which is their competitor. And it just happens that the Boeing 737 has been around since the 1960s, and Boeing keeps just redesigning it and redesigning it. O'Reilly: Wow. So this is a 50-some-year-old plane now? Levine-Weinberg: When it was originally designed, it was a small plane meant to carry about 100 passengers. And now it's gotten up to 150 and even 200 passengers in many configurations. They made it longer; they have obviously upgraded of the engines several times; they've upgraded all of the interiors and the cockpits. But what they haven't done -- O'Reilly: They downgraded leg room -- I'm kidding. Levine-Weinberg: That's true, but again, that's up to the airlines. But what hasn't changed is the width. This was a plane that was originally meant for relatively short flights, so it's a little narrower than the Airbus A320, which was designed about 20 years later, in the '80s. The result is, generally speaking, the seats on a Boeing 737 are about a half inch to an inch narrower than the seats you'd see on an A320, and the aisle is often usually narrower, about a 7- or 8-inch difference. O'Reilly: Which doesn't sound like a lot, but you're talking about that on every seat. It adds up. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. Critics of the industry have said that the average weight is going up, especially in the United States -- O'Reilly: I was going to make a joke, like, it's interesting that the European plane has the wider seats; what's up with that? Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, it's just from when it was designed and what it was designed for. The 737 grew into its current mission. Five or 10 years ago, Boeing was really strongly considering sunsetting the 737, getting a completely new design. But the problem is, when you think about the cost of a completely new plane compared to what it costs to upgrade one when it's already selling -- O'Reilly: There's no incentive, yeah. Levine-Weinberg: They've sold thousands of these, looking out five and even 10 years. So there's just no reason right now. O'Reilly: That's so funny, because the joke is obviously, oh, you Americans and your big cars, and Europe makes the slightly bigger plane. Levine-Weinberg: Yeah. You've seen the same thing on the widebody side. These are the planes with two aisles that you typically see on the longer haul international routes. The Airbus A330 and A350 were designed with 18-inch seats. If you talk to Airbus, they'll talk to you about how they love passenger comfort and they have decided that 18 inches is the correct width, and the seat can't be any less than that or you're going to be uncomfortable, especially when you're trying to sleep, or just stuck in your seat for a 12-hour flight. The funny thing is that Boeing didn't intend to have narrower seats on its widebody planes, which are the 777 and the 787, which is also popularly known as the Dreamliner. Those were actually designed with wider seats. The planes are actually so wide that airlines realized they could fit an extra seat in each row -- O'Reilly: Oh, here we go. Levine-Weinberg: -- so that's what they did. So, originally, these were meant to have 18-and-a-half-inch or 19-inch seats, even wider than the Airbus ones, and now virtually every airline, especially the ones that are taking the airplanes now as opposed to the ones that got them 15 or 20 years ago, in the case of the 777, they're all configuring them with an extra seat in each row. So, now, they have 17 inches of seat width, which is OK for a while, but a lot of passengers find that uncomfortable if you're traveling for a really long time. Other aspects of travel, the newest planes from both Boeing and Airbus, so this is the 787 from Boeing and the Airbus A350, they have some really innovative changes because of the new materials they're working with, they can keep the cabin a lot more humid than it used to be possible to do. They've also increased the air pressure so it's closer to the ground level pressure. Usually, it's pressurized now at about 6,000 feet instead of 8,000 feet. They've said that it greatly increases passenger comfort, and can also help a lot with reducing jet lag. So, those are two big improvements that both manufacturers have made. But just based on the seat width alone, Airbus has a bit of an edge over Boeing in terms of passenger comfort. O'Reilly: Got it. So I just took over an airline. I'm an executive at an airline. I was completely sold by Buffett's extremely modest investment in the sector. And I am coming to you and I am talking to Boeing and Airbus, and I'm like, "So, guys, biggest cost is fuel, it's oil, it's gasoline. Oil prices are cheap right now, gasoline, too, it's actually been a huge boon for the industry, but that might not last forever. Which of you guys is more fuel efficient?" Levine-Weinberg: Yeah, this is another big point where the two manufacturers disagree with each other and put out all kinds of statistics that are usually doctored in one way or another to show why their planes are so much more fuel efficient. The best people to talk to on this are actually the airlines, because they don't have a dog in the fight. Generally, when you talk to either the airlines or the aircraft leasing companies, historically, Boeing has had a small advantage in terms of fuel efficiency. It's not a lot -- O'Reilly: What do you mean by small? Levine-Weinberg: We're talking about maybe 2% or 3%, for a comparable generation of planes. So, obviously, a 20-year-old Airbus plane is going to be way behind a Boeing plane that just rolled off the assembly line today. But for what they're building at the same time, they've been pretty similar. On the narrowbody side, so, this is the 737 and the A320, historically, Boeing has had an advantage, and that may have disappeared just now. One of the problems with Boeing having this really old design that it keeps reusing for the 737 is that it can't use the same type of engines as Airbus has been able to use because the plane is very short. It's not very high off the ground. So without making really big changes to the landing gear to prop up the plane higher, they can't use bigger engines. And those bigger engines tend to have better fuel efficiency. O'Reilly: Yeah, just because of more surface area on the blades and stuff. Levine-Weinberg: It's very complicated science. The bigger engine creates more drag, which reduces the fuel efficiency, but the engine itself tends to be more efficient, and that usually more than balances it out. Boeing has found some workarounds. It got pretty close. But Boeing has typically talked about its next-generation plane, the 737 MAX, which is going to be available to the first airlines this year, as being about 13% better than the previous generation, whereas the new A320neo, which is the version of the A320 with upgraded engines, that's about a 15%-16% advantage in terms of fuel consumption. So that alone probably closed the 2%-3% advantage that Boeing had previously held over Airbus. So now, they're pretty much neck-and-neck on that. On the widebody side, the Boeing planes are also probably a little bit better, but it's pretty close, especially with the new A350, which is a new Airbus plane that came out a couple years ago. Then there's an upgraded engine version of the A330 that will be available early next year. With those coming from Airbus, it's pretty much neck-and-neck. And that's really not that surprising, because these two companies are using the same engine suppliers. And the engine, obviously, is the most important part of the plane in terms of determining how much fuel it uses. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 2:18PM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Airbus vs. Boeing: Who Makes the Better Plane? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News RBI keeps status quo on policy, wants banks to lower rates HDFC ERGO awarded for excellence in financial reporting Business Standard Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 20:43 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw6x ALSO READ Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry India giving "hard-hitting reply" to Pak: Defence Ministry on ceasefire violations Rel Defence aims to export naval, military equipment Parrikar launches upgraded Department of Defence Production, Ministry of Defence websites EC seeks help from defence ministry to produce film for service voters Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Ministry Of Defence | India | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Genes in Space Competition Launches - Students Invited to Design DNA Experiment to be Performed aboard the ISS News provided by miniPCR Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Genes in Space, a competition that fosters creativity, collaboration and critical thinking among young innovators, opened a call for entries today. The competition challenges U.S. students in grades seven through twelve to design DNA analysis experiments that address a challenge or opportunity of space travel. Student proposals use the International Space Station (ISS) as a testbed for deep space exploration. The competition is sponsored by miniPCR, Math for America (MƒA), Boeing, The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) and New England Biolabs®, Inc. (NEB®). The winning experiment will be conducted on the ISS. Students can submit their proposals as individuals or in groups of up to four via genesinspace.org. The deadline for submissions is April 21, 2017.   Five finalist teams will receive mentoring from world-class scientists to help refine their experiment ideas and make them feasible for space. Members of the finalist teams will gather in Washington, DC, in July 2017 to present their proposals at the ISS Research and Development Conference to a panel of scientists, educators, and technologists who will judge the entries and select a winner. Finalists will receive a donation of a miniPCR DNA Discovery System for their educational institutions. These donations will enable the same hands-on biotech experimentation available at high-end research laboratories. The winners will attend Space Biology Camp at New England Biolabs to prepare their experiment for space flight and witness their experiment launch. "The Genes in Space competition gives STEM teachers a unique opportunity to help their students engage in cutting edge science," said John Ewing, MƒA President.  "We hope all math and science teachers will participate in this breakthrough competition, encouraging their students to become science pioneers." "We are proud to launch the third national Genes in Space challenge to promote STEM education and offer authentic research opportunities in schools," added Dr. Ezequiel Alvarez Saavedra, miniPCR co-founder. Anna-Sophia Boguraev from Bedford, New York won the first Genes in Space competition. Her experiment, launched in April 2016, tested effects of microgravity and cosmic radiation on the immune system and was the first PCR experiment conducted in space. Julian Rubinfien, winner of the 2016 competition, is scheduled to fly his experiment to investigate the genetic basis of accelerated aging in space in March of 2017.  About the Sponsoring Organizations: Boeing A unit of The Boeing Company, Defense, Space & Security is one of the world's largest defense, space and security businesses specializing in innovative and capabilities-driven customer solutions, and the world's largest and most versatile manufacturer of military aircraft. Headquartered in St. Louis, Defense, Space & Security is a $31 billion business with 53,000 employees worldwide. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Math for America Math for America is a nonprofit organization that aims to make teaching a viable, rewarding, and respected career choice for the best minds in science and mathematics. The MƒA Master Teacher Fellowship achieves this goal by bringing together outstanding, experienced teachers to share knowledge, advance teaching skills, and define excellence itself. This remarkable community of teachers is changing the very landscape of science and mathematics education. MƒA offers fellowships and advocates for this model around the country, so that all students can have great math and science teachers—teachers who are true masters of the subject matter and deeply committed to the craft of teaching. www.MathForAmerica.org miniPCR  miniPCR reinvents lab technology to make science simple, accessible, and exciting, enabling everyone to experiment at the cutting edge of biology. www.minipcr.com The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS)  CASIS was selected by NASA in July 2011 to maximize use of the International Space Station (ISS) U.S. National Laboratory through 2020. CASIS is dedicated to supporting and accelerating innovations and new discoveries that will enhance the health and wellbeing of people and our planet. www.iss-casis.org New England Biolabs, Inc. (NEB)  NEB is the industry leader in the discovery and production of enzymes for molecular biology applications and now offers the largest selection of recombinant and native enzymes for genomic research. For over 40 years, NEB has been committed to the advancement of science and science education. For more information on our products and corporate initiatives, please visit www.neb.com Contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727 Math for America: Sarah Rooney, srooney@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0921 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O'Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, Ph. D., martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/genes-in-space-competition-launches-300404304.html SOURCE miniPCR Related Links http://minipcr.com Jul 15, 2016, 10:46 ET Preview: Student Wins Genes in Space™ Competition for Investigation of Aging in Space My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Genes in Space Competition Launches News provided by miniPCR Feb 08, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Genes in Space Competition Launches CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Genes in Space, a competition that fosters creativity, collaboration and critical thinking among young innovators, opened a call for entries today. The competition challenges U.S. students in grades seven through twelve to design DNA analysis experiments that address a challenge or opportunity of space travel. Student proposals use the International Space Station (ISS) as a testbed for deep space exploration. The competition is sponsored by miniPCR, Math for America (MƒA), Boeing, The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS) and New England Biolabs®, Inc. (NEB®). The winning experiment will be conducted on the ISS. Students can submit their proposals as individuals or in groups of up to four via genesinspace.org. The deadline for submissions is April 21, 2017.   Five finalist teams will receive mentoring from world-class scientists to help refine their experiment ideas and make them feasible for space. Members of the finalist teams will gather in Washington, DC, in July 2017 to present their proposals at the ISS Research and Development Conference to a panel of scientists, educators, and technologists who will judge the entries and select a winner. Finalists will receive a donation of a miniPCR DNA Discovery System for their educational institutions. These donations will enable the same hands-on biotech experimentation available at high-end research laboratories. The winners will attend Space Biology Camp at New England Biolabs to prepare their experiment for space flight and witness their experiment launch. „The Genes in Space competition gives STEM teachers a unique opportunity to help their students engage in cutting edge science,” said John Ewing, MƒA President.  „We hope all math and science teachers will participate in this breakthrough competition, encouraging their students to become science pioneers.” „We are proud to launch the third national Genes in Space challenge to promote STEM education and offer authentic research opportunities in schools,” added Dr. Ezequiel Alvarez Saavedra, miniPCR co-founder. Anna-Sophia Boguraev from Bedford, New York won the first Genes in Space competition. Her experiment, launched in April 2016, tested effects of microgravity and cosmic radiation on the immune system and was the first PCR experiment conducted in space. Julian Rubinfien, winner of the 2016 competition, is scheduled to fly his experiment to investigate the genetic basis of accelerated aging in space in March of 2017.  About the Sponsoring Organizations: Boeing A unit of The Boeing Company, Defense, Space & Security is one of the world’s largest defense, space and security businesses specializing in innovative and capabilities-driven customer solutions, and the world’s largest and most versatile manufacturer of military aircraft. Headquartered in St. Louis, Defense, Space & Security is a $31 billion business with 53,000 employees worldwide. Follow us on Twitter: @BoeingDefense. Math for America Math for America is a nonprofit organization that aims to make teaching a viable, rewarding, and respected career choice for the best minds in science and mathematics. The MƒA Master Teacher Fellowship achieves this goal by bringing together outstanding, experienced teachers to share knowledge, advance teaching skills, and define excellence itself. This remarkable community of teachers is changing the very landscape of science and mathematics education. MƒA offers fellowships and advocates for this model around the country, so that all students can have great math and science teachers—teachers who are true masters of the subject matter and deeply committed to the craft of teaching. www.MathForAmerica.org miniPCR  miniPCR reinvents lab technology to make science simple, accessible, and exciting, enabling everyone to experiment at the cutting edge of biology. www.minipcr.com The Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS)  CASIS was selected by NASA in July 2011 to maximize use of the International Space Station (ISS) U.S. National Laboratory through 2020. CASIS is dedicated to supporting and accelerating innovations and new discoveries that will enhance the health and wellbeing of people and our planet. www.iss-casis.org New England Biolabs, Inc. (NEB)  NEB is the industry leader in the discovery and production of enzymes for molecular biology applications and now offers the largest selection of recombinant and native enzymes for genomic research. For over 40 years, NEB has been committed to the advancement of science and science education. For more information on our products and corporate initiatives, please visit www.neb.com Contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727 Math for America: Sarah Rooney, srooney@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0921 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O’Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, Ph. D., martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 SOURCE miniPCR CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, aircraft, Business, camp, Children, Companies, company, defense, Education, engage, Health, Industry, military, NASA, Not For Profit, Science, Space, Technology, Travel, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EEI to Wall Street: Delivering America’s Energy Future Next PostNext LG Watch Sport Smartwatch Available to AT&T Customers for $49.99 with LG Smartphone Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Reason.com Free Minds & Free Markets TRENDING TOPICS CLOSE Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton MENU CLOSE Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Digital/Print Magazine Subscribe GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Donate Shop Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Shop Amazon and Support Reason Shop Reason Swag Font Size + Font Size - submit Donald Trump Immigration Asset Forfeiture School Choice Supreme Court Freedom of Speech More Torture Marijuana Police College PC Russia Gun Control Terrorism Libertarian Party Hillary Clinton More The Carrot, the Stick, and the Buggy Whip Is it time to dust off the word fascist to describe Donald Trump? Katherine Mangu-Ward from the March 2017 issue - view article in the Digital Edition EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT As 2016 came to a close, dictionary makers Merriam-Webster posted a pathetic little tweet—a cry for help, really—that quickly went viral: "'Fascism' is still our #1 lookup. # of lookups = how we choose our Word of the Year. There's still time to look something else up." RELATED ARTICLES 3 Things to Look for in 2017's Shouty Townhall Season Matt Welch|2.10.17 President Trump Stresses U.S. Support for One China Policy Ed Krayewski|2.10.17 Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four Describes the Authoritarian Left Better Than It Does Trump Brendan O'Neill|2.10.17 MORE ARTICLES BY Katherine Mangu-Ward Soylent 2.01.17 12:00 pm U.S. Out of Space 1.11.17 7:00 am Lionel Shriver Doesn't Care If You Hate Her Sombrero 1.08.17 7:00 am Facism Donald Trump Crony Capitalism Authoritarianism Why the sudden interest? As Donald Trump wrapped up the Republican nomination and then the presidential election, political commentators and opinionated uncles at dinner parties started tossing around this vintage 20th century political terminology with abandon. Which caused a bunch of intrepid dictionary searchers to wonder: Here at the dawning of the Trump era, does fascism mean what we think it means? In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. That is to say, he seems to be embracing the notion, which blossomed in Benito Mussolini's Italy, that the business of government is best conducted where an authoritarian state dominated by a powerful strongman and the leaders of large corporations meet and decide the fate of a nation. But in its more common use, fascism is at once too generic—it's frequently deployed to describe any old bossy jerk, and is formally defined as "a tendency toward or actual exercise of strong autocratic or dictatorial control"—and way too specific and extreme, with its grace notes of Blackshirts, one-party rule, nationalization of industry, and violence. What's wanted is a way of describing the love-hate, push-pull, utterly dysfunctional, and horrifically co-dependent relationship between big government and big business that Trump was already expert in, just from the other side. The gentler term for this is crony capitalism, or cronyism for those of us who don't like to see one of our favorite words besmirched. Yet that phrase shows up most frequently in contexts where the corporations are in the driver's seat: They come to elected officials or bureaucrats to demand special favors. They are granted those favors in exchange for promised gains for the tax base or contributions to the campaign funds of the relevant politicians—classic rent seeking, in the jargon of economics. If they're really lucky, the corporations manage to cozy up to and capture some regulators to keep in their back pockets as well. But as far as we know, the heating and air company Carrier was minding its own business when Trump came a-knockin'. The firm was in the midst of executing a run-of-the-mill decision about the best place to locate a production facility when boom, it became the very first test case for the fledgling Trump administration in the none-too-judicious application of the carrot and the stick. The carrot was subsidies to keep jobs in the United States; the stick was almost certainly the threat of the revocation of valuable military contracts from Carrier's parent company. (For a deeper exploration of how this deal went down, check out David R. Henderson's cover story on page 18.) Carrier isn't alone on the receiving end of Trump's attentions. Boeing's stock price took a hit after he tweeted in December that "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Trump also took credit for keeping an auto plant in the U.S.: "Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford," Trump tweeted in November, "who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico." He followed up: "I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!" Ford quickly clarified that it was only considering moving production of one model, the Lincoln MKC, out of the Kentucky facility, but also carefully said nice things about the incoming administration. And a Boeing spokesman obligingly responded to the president-elect's tweets: "We look forward to working with the U.S. Air Force…to deliver the best planes for the President at the best value for the American taxpayer." Foreign companies, too, are looking for ways to play the situation, brandishing their own carrots in an effort to stave off the sticks. "Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs," the president-elect tweeted after a congratulatory meeting with the company's CEO, Masayoshi Son, at Trump Tower in December. "Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!" Despite the fuss about first daughter Ivanka Trump's jewelry product placements at government meetings and the sudden influx of dignitaries taking rooms at D.C.'s shiny new Trump Hotel, the big worry here isn't that Trump will use the power of the presidency for personal enrichment. Would that he were so petty. Instead, it's that he will use the coercive power of his office in the service of his own particular variant of nationalism. You can't say he didn't warn you; he printed this basic plan on approximately 100 million red trucker hats. During the campaign, it looked as though Donald Trump might not have much of a guiding ideology: He ran as a patriotic pragmatist. He is certainly not, as was suggested in The Washington Post in December, an "Ayn Rand–acolyte" (if only!) who is stacking his Cabinet with Objectivists. (The leading paper of the nation's capital made that mistake after discovering that successful Republican businessmen tend to read and occasionally recommend books where businessmen are presented as heroes. Breaking news, indeed.) It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism. The real trouble, though, with government control of the economy is that it makes businesses behave in less economically efficient ways for political reasons. At first glance, this might not seem like a big deal, but the closer the U.S. gets to a centrally planned economy—the more the president wields tariffs and trade restrictions and tax incentives and subsidies to keep manufacturing jobs where he wants them—the more likely we are to wake up one morning and discover we have become a nation of buggy whip makers. Like the proverbial flogger manufacturers from Harvard Business School professor Theodore Levitt's classic 1960 essay, businesses that fail to think and act dynamically in response to a changing economy are doomed to be usurped by upstarts. Presidents or governors who step in to stop that failure, or worse—as in the case of Carrier—to stop efficiency improvements or innovation itself, are even more likely to be myopic than the stodgy businessmen Levitt was addressing. Presidents tend to suffer from a failure of imagination when it comes to innovations in business practices—even presidents who are "super successful" tycoons themselves. Whether or not you are impressed by Trump's business credentials, they don't qualify him to run all of the large corporations within the territorial United States. In the end, surreal won out over fascism as Merriam-Webster's word of the year, with the company's lexicographers noting that searches spiked three times in 2016. The first jump came in March, after the Brussels terror attack. The second came in July, after the coup attempt in Turkey and the terror attack in Nice. The largest spike was the third, following the U.S. election in November. Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. Photo Credit: Joanna Andreasson Katherine Mangu-Ward is editor in chief of Reason. Follow Katherine Mangu-Ward on Twitter Media Contact Reprint Requests EMAIL SHARE Facebook Twitter Tumblr StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Reddit Google Linkedin Kindle PRINT VIEW COMMENTS (116) | LEAVE A COMMENT Editor's Note: We invite comments and request that they be civil and on-topic. We do not moderate or assume any responsibility for comments, which are owned by the readers who post them. Comments do not represent the views of Reason.com or Reason Foundation. We reserve the right to delete any comment for any reason at any time. Report abuses. On select articles, Reason is testing a new comment promotion feature developed by SolidOpinion. Commenters can purchase points and bid to promote their comments and/or the comments of others. Winning comments are displayed at the top of the comment thread for each article, and are identified as “promoted comments.” Point purchases and bidding are handled SolidOpinion. Please send any questions and feedback to promoted-comments@reason.com. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Solidopinion. Kira_Argounova|1.24.17 @ 1:06PM|# This is not a helpful article. Throwing words around like "fascist" amounts to little more than an ad hominem attack and detracts from the credibility of the Libertarian cause. This is the last thing we need after the embarrassing performance by Gary Johnson this past election. We need to rebuild our damaged credibility. The author sounds like a SJW from an East Coast liberal arts college. This is supposed to be "REASON" magazine! Cite a specific policy such as immigration and make an argument, e.g. "Trump wants to enforce a legal immigration policy an I believe nation states do not have the right to enforce any immigration policy for the following reasons"...etc, etc. President Trump is not some kind of virtuous hero, but he is very smart and he is playing the left like Itzhak Perlman plays the violin. If you want a framework for thinking about President Trump, I would refer you to Gail Wynand late in Ayn Rand's "Fountainhead". He's not heroic and he's been morally confused, but to his credit he is rationally self-interested, and most importantly he is not an altruist selling a philosophy of self-immolation! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:52AM|# Did you even read the article? Hint: she's not throwing around the word "fascist". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:52AM|# Oh, crap - I got sucked into the time warp. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# Again! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 1:05PM|# Except it's not the good kind of time-warp with motorcycles and half-naked dancing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.8.17 @ 2:00PM|# REEDING IZ 4 FAGGITZ 'N' CUCKZ! And apparently so are time warps. /sarc reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bra Ket|2.8.17 @ 2:04PM|# I made it all the way to "In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlmightyJB|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# Drink reply to this report spam log in or register to reply buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|# Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|# Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Grinch|2.8.17 @ 6:46AM|# I'm glad Reason doesn't have a problem with f-bombs because I have to ask what the fuck are the staff and the contributors smoking? Is Trump the ideal President from a libertarian perspective? Fuck no but come on with this shit-this whole article is a wink and a nod, intentional or not, to those who are throwing around the fascist slur. Keep your eye on Trump, criticize him fairly when appropriate, give him credit where warranted, and stop destroying your credibility with this goddamn histrionic bullshit. Jesus fucking Christ, is it going to be four to eight years of this nonsense here? Reason is being piloted into the side of a damn mountain which is a real fucking shame. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 8:43AM|# RE: Keep your eye on Trump, criticize him fairly when appropriate, give him credit where warranted How is this article, and the site in general, not doing exactly that? This article is criticizing, and not even that strongly I might add, Trump's clear authoritarian tendencies. Reason also has several articles displaying optimism for a Trump presidency, particularly in education and financial regulation. Being "fair" (whatever the fuck that means) does not involve a 1:1 nice word/critical word ratio within each article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Grinch|2.8.17 @ 10:04AM|# No, a one to one ratio is not required and Reason can do what they want including trying to attract those on the left who will never see eye to eye with libertarians. This article is saying those who are calling him a fascist have a point, wink wink nudge nudge say no more, but that they aren't quite on board with that yet. It isn't helpful and it, along with the general clickbait direction Reason has taken, will drive away those who might actually be open to libertarian ideas. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:10PM|# Cocktail parties, man, it's just cocktail parties all the way down. Pay no attention when Bailey or other writers here pretend like they don't know about these cocktail parties. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.8.17 @ 12:19PM|# Bailey gets shafted on the cocktail party front because the slightest skepticism of Gaia worship is absolutely unacceptable heresy. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:18PM|# It drew me in. I was extremely skeptical of libertarian ideas, but after reading this site and listening to the podcasts, I've shifted my views fairly significantly. Point of fact, people aren't convinced by telling them how idiotic and childish they are. It doesn't work when progressives flame conservatives (as countless post-Trump articles have pointed out), why on Earth would it work for libertarians who just want to flame progressives? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 2:49PM|# trying to attract those on the left who will never see eye to eye with libertarians No, I think what they are doing is trying to attract those on the left who might see eye to eye with libertarians. Such creatures really do exist. I was once one of them, sort of. I know a number of other commenters (and former commenters) also came to libertarian from the left. Some from being outright commies. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:08PM|# "How is this article, and the site in general, not doing exactly that?" You don't come round these parts often, do you? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:09PM|# Pretty often, actually. Mostly focus on the articles over the more-conservative-than-libertarian comment section. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 1:15PM|# the more-conservative-than-libertarian comment section. In short, doesn't know what a libertarian is. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.8.17 @ 1:21PM|# Any criticism of Trump in any article is met, overwhelmingly, by 1) not as bad as Obama, and/or 2) not as bad as Hillary would have been. Surely you could see how I'd get these "libertarians" confused with conservatives. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 2:05PM|# Uh, no, your premise immediately fails because Trump is not an American conservative. Read this article, read the comments, show me the overwhelming response you to claim to see, if it doesn't exist, rescind your statement, or you're being ignorant or deliberately dishonest. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mortiscrum|2.9.17 @ 10:08AM|# Trump might not check off every conservative policy position (or even a majority of them), but he certainly makes broad and open appeals to the worst instincts of conservative xenophobia, nationalism, and anti-intellectualism. A fair point though, that article and comment section does not especially support my assertion. But this one does And....I'm honestly having a harder time than I thought finding another example. Confirmation bias claims another victim....I retract my claim. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:00PM|# There's been some better content (grading on a curve here) over the last few days, Gillespie's article on Trump's relationship with the cops and civil asset forfeiture wasn't bad. 2 Chili's still producing decent work, the Intern is doing better than bloody Soave, and Dalmia seems to have vanished for awhile. The only really stupid thing this week so far was Soave's "BASH THE FASH" article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply |2.8.17 @ 12:21PM|# Yeah, I'm glad for the 2Chili piece to provide some sort of reprieve, because that fucking BASH THE FASH article was just shameful. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Basketball Uber Alles, Jr.|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# Doesn't Shikha turn up on Thursdays? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 9:23AM|# What's wanted is a way of describing the love-hate, push-pull, utterly dysfunctional, and horrifically co-dependent relationship between big government and media types who love themselves some big government, so long as it's just the right sort of big government. Protestations to the contrary notwithstanding. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlexInCT|2.8.17 @ 11:51AM|# ^^^^THIS^^^^ reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Homple|2.8.17 @ 9:55AM|# Reason staff have lost their cotton pickin' minds. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bacon-Magic et tu Reason?|2.8.17 @ 10:14AM|# Fuck off, slaver. There's an f-bomb for you Reason. You used to know what it was about. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 10:14AM|# Clearly no one commenting here actually read the article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 10:34AM|# Yep. Yet somehow I managed to pull a quote directly out of it. Albeit with a slight modification. Let be more succint. Reason under Trump: This is a crony capitalist shit sandwich. Reason under Obama: This shit sandwich would be so much more palatable if it had a tad less cumin. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 11:16AM|# Bitch much? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 12:51PM|# Hi Pot, I'm Kettle. Pleased to meet you. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:28PM|# Dipshit: I didn't bitch about anything. I pointed out that clearly no one read the article, and they obviously didn't. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:23PM|# By your own standard I didn't bitch about anything either. So go fuck yourself. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bra Ket|2.8.17 @ 2:11PM|# Sometimes I crack jokes instead of bitching. Though they're often kinda bitchy jokes to be honest. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bubba Jones|2.8.17 @ 8:01PM|# I think the preferred nomenclature for Obama was corporatism. Much less inflammatory than fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bacon-Magic et tu Reason?|2.8.17 @ 10:54AM|# Clearly you didn't read it in the dead tree edition. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rhywun|2.8.17 @ 11:55AM|# This. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:51PM|# The summary post on H&R makes it sound like she's calling Trump a fascist. You can't blame people for reacting to the summary without spending precious time reading the full article. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:34PM|# "You can't blame people for being fucking morons." Yes, yes we can. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Cynical Asshole|2.8.17 @ 2:07PM|# You can't blame people for reacting to the summary without spending precious time reading the full article. Actually, yes. Yes you can. I don't think it's asking too much for people to actually read the fucking article before getting their outrage on. But apparently, it is. I used to have a lot more respect for the commentariat here in general, but now I'm thinking most of the people who comment here are just as moronic as the mouth breathers at Huff Post or anywhere else. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:01PM|# There's an article? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 3:04PM|# In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. Seems to be as close as she gets to calling Trump a Fascist. Seems to me that it is: 1. fairly accurate and 2. not calling Trump a Fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 10:34AM|# succinct. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply AlexInCT|2.8.17 @ 11:50AM|# I remind people that fascism is another form of collectivism/socialism. Are we saying Trump is a socialist now? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ship of Theseus|2.8.17 @ 1:29PM|# NOW? Uh, kinda, yeah. He certainly has tendencies. Always has. Did you RTFA? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 11:56AM|# In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far. That is to say, he seems to be embracing the notion, which blossomed in Benito Mussolini's Italy, that the business of government is best conducted where an authoritarian state dominated by a powerful strongman and the leaders of large corporations meet and decide the fate of a nation. That is absurd. Either Ward is being dishonest here or she is completely ignorant of both Trump and history. Here is what Italian fascist economic policy actually consisted of. After Mussolini consolidated his dictatorship in 1925, Italy entered a new phase. Mussolini, like many leaders at this time, believed that economies did not operate constructively without supervision by the government. Foreshadowing events in Nazi Germany, and to some extent in New Deal America, Mussolini began a program of massive deficit spending, public works, and eventually, militarism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 11:57AM|# Mussolini's fascism took another step at this time with the advent of the Corporative State, a supposedly pragmatic arrangement under which economic decisions were made by councils composed of workers and employers who represented trades and industries. By this device the presumed economic rivalry between employers and employees was to be resolved, preventing the class struggle from undermining the national struggle. In the Corporative State, for example, strikes would be illegal and labor disputes would be mediated by a state agency. Theoretically, the fascist economy was to be guided by a complex network of employer, worker, and jointly run organizations representing crafts and industries at the local, provincial, and national levels. At the summit of this network was the National Council of Corporations. But although syndicalism and corporativism had a place in fascist ideology and were critical to building a consensus in support of the regime, the council did little to steer the economy. The real decisions were made by state agencies such as the Institute for Industrial Reconstruction (Istituto per la Ricosstruzione Industriale, or IRI), mediating among interest groups. http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc1/Fascism.html yes, that is Reason's own Notorious Sheldon Richman. The crazy bastard actually got something right. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:04PM|# Richman's not actually that bad when he's not writing foreign policy, he at least tends to make some interesting arguments when he's discussing history. His full-on stupid is at least restricted to one subject. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chipwooder|2.8.17 @ 12:26PM|# Yep - so long as Israel isn't involved, Sheldon's OK reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 12:42PM|# "Theoretically, the fascist economy was to be guided by a complex network of employer, worker, and jointly run organizations representing crafts and industries at the local, provincial, and national levels" If this is fascism, then Germany's present system is fascist. My understanding is that the board or directors in German corporations are selected by both shareholders and unions in approximately equal numbers for companies with more than 2,000 workers. It applies to both publicly traded and private companies. For companies with less than 2,000 workers, only one-third of the board is chosen by the union. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Codetermination_in_Germany What's more, the unions in Germany can set wages and other entitlements for the entire industry they work in--not just for the company they're negotiating with. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Trade_unions_in_Germany Who thinks of Germany as a fascist country today? That is an unusual use of the term--no matter what the dictionary says or the original historical context of the term. This is not what average people are talking about when they talk about "fascism". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 12:56PM|# "If this is fascism, then Germany's present system is fascist." Um, yes. About the only things we defeated in WWII are genocide and wars of conquest. Otherwise the fascist program remains, and in some ways has only strengthened. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:35PM|# When average people are talking about someone being fascist, they aren't talking about any economic system. They're talking about respect for individual rights, conformity, intolerance, state control through police, etc. If your term accurately describes something that hardly anyone means when they use the term, then you're misusing the term--no matter what is in the dictionary. When Jerry call someone "the soup Nazi", he isn't talking about crony capitalism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:30PM|# Sort of. To the extent people think the 'bad part' of fascism was the genocide and wars of nationalistic aggression, and only the genocide and wars of nationalistic aggression then while they may be the "average" their understanding of the word is still problematic and should not be accepted. Because those things, along with the economic aspects, are merely facets of what is ultimately an aggressively conformist, statist totalitarian system. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Zeb|2.8.17 @ 2:59PM|# Yes, but the article makes it clear that they are talking about the economic system, not the current popular understanding of the term. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 3:56PM|# The article is about whether using the term to describe Trump is accurate, and makes it clear with the last sentence that KMW isn't even ready to use that word to describe Trump. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 3:57PM|# . . . I should add, not even ready to use that term to describe Trump's economics. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 12:56PM|# But there was more to it than that. That was the theory but in reality, the government ran everything. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:43PM|# Yes, when average people use the term "fascist", crony capitalism is one of the last things on their minds. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 12:01PM|# Whatever you think of Trump, it isn't that. How is that a Yale educated senior editor of an allegedly serious publication could be so causally ignorant of the subjects of her articles? I don't care what your opinion of Trump is. Words have meaning and facts mean something. If you are too stupid or lazy to know what Italian fascist economics actually entails, don't write about it. Just shut the hell up. And for Ward to engage in such stupidity in an article criticizing others for calling Trump a fascist takes a remarkable amount of nerve on her part. When Sheldon Richman is making you look like an ignoramus on a subject, you have a problem. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply kinnath|2.8.17 @ 12:15PM|# Can't let research get in the way of posting clickbait on schedule. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 11:58AM|# No matter what the dictionary says or the actual historical context, when average people use the word "fascism", they're generally not talking about any kind of economic system. They're talking about the opposite extreme on the scale of civil libertarianism. They're talking about intolerance. They're talking about conformity. They're talking about using the police to discourage dissent. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:04PM|# "It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism." I don't know if that's the same thing as cronyism, but if it is, the Republicans and the Democrats have been settling into it for decades. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Fuck You - Cut Spending|2.8.17 @ 12:49PM|# Exactly. I could understand the left bitching about cronyism when discussing Trump's disdain for Dodd-Frank, but why the fuck would a magazine/think-tank that is in favor of free markets start demonizing the idea of shitcanning regulations that have run amok? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:08PM|# Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. Cue "DUN DUN DUH" music. I avoid the term fascist mostly because it just muddies the discussion. Along with racist it's become the modern equivalent of 'HERETIC', it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetoric device rather than an actual criticism to promote discussion, and thus has lost all meaning. Sincerely, #4 on the Hihn Approved Reason Fascist List. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:45PM|# it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetorical device rather than an actual criticism to promote discussion, and thus has lost all meaning. ^^^this the shades of difference in corporate-arm-twisting/getting-in-bed-with between various presidents are mostly a matter of whether its 'cronyism you approve of'.... ....rather than some fundamental change in relationship between the govt/private sector. On the most basic level, the thing that's so ridiculous about accusations of "fascism"? is that the headline, flagship policy that Trump was elected on, was ending the Govt-Industry partnership called "Obamacare" one could argue Obama was elected mainly on "ending the war in Iraq" (which he never really did; indeed he hardly changed ME policy at all)... and everything else was gravy. I think there's a reasonable argument that Trump was mostly being elected for the purpose of untying the economic entanglements put in place by the Obama admin. e.g. Shrinking the regulatory state, lowering the costs of doing business, and (depending on popular characterizations/misconceptions of the TPP) stop advancing the interests of other countries over our own. of course you don't need to be that generous either. i think any examination of facts - like proposed policy, or acts already taken - would show an administration little different from any other in recent history. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply See Double You|2.8.17 @ 12:53PM|# it's primarily used as a dishonest rhetorical device Also known as sophism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Hyperion|2.8.17 @ 12:13PM|# Trump is a hell of a long way from being a fascist at this point. Could he become one? Maybe, we'll see. He's already done several things that libertarians should love, or at least tried. Keep on eye on what he lets Sessions do, that's my first fear of Trump. If Sessions starts going after weed in states where it's been legalized, and Trump sits idly by, then that would move the slider more towards the authoritarian side. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:33PM|# If Sessions starts going after weed in states where it's been legalized, and Trump sits idly by So every president until Obama's second term was fascist? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# "Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet." It would be irresponsible to call Trump a FASCIST because the term FASCIST shouldn't simply mean the kind of cronyist economic policies Trump supports, though these policies are bad, but they're not FASCIST yet, but if Trump ever does become a FASCIST we'll be sure to call him a FASCIST. But until then dismiss the word "FASCIST" from your mind because the word "FASCIST" doesn't apply to what Trump has done so far, though Trump's policies are bad, and who knows, maybe one day he'll become a FASCIST so that we can start calling him FASCIST like we obviously want to do. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:19PM|# Is this a verbal tic from your prog days? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:21PM|# I think it's a fair summary of the article, wouldn't you agree? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 12:28PM|# Sure, but it's fair enough if it's a verbal tic, I mean I have my moments o...THE WORKERS NEED ONLY RECOGNIZE THE CHAINS THEY WEAR, WE WILL HANG THE CAPITALIST FILTH WITH THE ROPES THEY SELL US. *clears throat* Sorry, it's an ongoing problem. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Basketball Uber Alles, Jr.|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# You know who else noticed an ongoing problem? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply phenryinohio|2.8.17 @ 7:32PM|# Rather like almost every administration, save maybe Coolidge, possible Reagan, since Wilson? Like perhaps our last President who used very corporatist ideas(f-word) to take control of the healthcare system? And the insurance companies ate the stuff up. Until they gagged. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's economic policy so far... ....During the campaign, it looked as though Donald Trump might not have much of a guiding ideology ...It now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism "impressionism" is a suitable replacement for analysis of cited facts, apparently. we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet Yet some public chin-stroking on the topic was surely needed; how else to validate the hyperbolic rhetoric of the left? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Grand Moff Serious Man|2.8.17 @ 12:17PM|# All within the State, nothing outside the State, nothing against the State. -- Mussolini That might as well be the official slogan of the Democratic Party. Italain Fascism was, in many ways, a reaction to laiseez-faire economics and high finance in which a well-ordered society would be managed top-down with each social class having their conflicts arbitrated by the State and the economy mixed between state-run industries and the private sector. Trumpism does share similar suspicions of free markets but not as much as the Bernie Sanders wing of the Democratic Party. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:28PM|# There was also the enforcement mechanism, which involved beatings, arbitrary imprisonment, murder, and force-feeding of castor oil. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:47PM|# Your friends Pius XI and XII seemed alright with it. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John Titor|2.8.17 @ 1:04PM|# Gentlemen, there will be no fighting in the War Room. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 1:23PM|# They thought they could work with Benito, but opposed him when he allied with the literal Hitler. And even in 1931, before Mussolini became an all of the literal Hitler, Pius XI was somewhat critical of the fascists: "And here We find Ourselves confronted by a mass of authentic affirmations and no less authentic facts which reveal beyond the slightest possibility of doubt the resolve (already in great measure actually put into effect) to monopolize completely the young, from their tenderest years up to manhood and womanhood, for the exclusive advantage of a party and of a regime based on an ideology which clearly resolves itself into a true, a real pagan worship of the State - the "Statolatry" which is no less in contrast with the natural rights of the family than it is in contradiction with the supernatural rights of the Church. To propose and to promote such a monopoly to persecute for this reason Catholic Action, as has been done for some time more or less openly or under cover to reach this end by striking at the Catholic Association of Youth as has lately been done; all this is truly and literally to "forbid the little children to go to Jesus Christ," since it impedes their access to His Church and where His Church is, there is Jesus Christ. This usurpation goes so far as to snatch the young from Christ and His Church even with violence." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply ThomasD|2.8.17 @ 2:38PM|# Properly speaking that was Mussolini's definition of totalitarianism. Although he considered fascism, with it's broad social and cultural aspects, to be a form of totalitarianism. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 12:26PM|# Fascist means "bundle of sticks." reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Fusionist|2.8.17 @ 12:34PM|# OMG, you're a grammar fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 12:35PM|# A grammar bundle of sticks? What's that even mean? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:48PM|# You know what other word starts with F and means bundle of sticks.... reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:44PM|# No it doesn't. That's fasces. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:47PM|# YOU'RE a towel reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:52PM|# "Fascist means "bundle of sticks." A "fascio" is a bundle of sticks. A "fascist" is someone who believes in a bundle of sticks. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Pro Libertate|2.8.17 @ 4:48PM|# This is correct. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 12:34PM|# Save your hate for Robby and Shikha who deserve it. KMW is not misusing the term as you hear it screamed at some leftist protest. First and foremost Fascism is an economic term, and this is how she's using it. Since I've been alive the economic policy of the country has been trending towards Fascism and KMW is arguing that Trump is accelerating this trend. I would have to agree. The cries of TDS every time an article validly criticizes Trump makes me think I'm at the National Review comment boards. You guys really want to defend Trump as joking when he says he's going to 'ruin the career' of a state legislator who is advocating for asset forfeiture reform? Did anyone here think it was a joke when Obama said that the power of politics should be used to 'punish our enemies?' Yes, there have been some articles where Trump criticism has more closely resembled knee-jerk leftist TDS. This was not one of them. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:41PM|# Since I've been alive the economic policy of the country has been trending towards Fascism and KMW is arguing that Trump is accelerating this trend. That is not what she says. She is solely labeling Trump with the "fascist" label. Look me up where Reason even came close to calling Obama a fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 2:23PM|# Well that wasn't to hard:. Although they don't directly call him a fascist, they point out that Trump would be called one for identical actions. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 12:50PM|# The cries of TDS every time an article validly criticizes Trump makes me think I'm at the National Review comment boards. I didn't know national review HAD comments sections. that said = the people who moan about "other comments" never seem to bother actually address the criticisms made. If there was something you think was off base, then point your criticism at them and say so, otherwise you're just pissing in the wind for theatrical effect. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Roger the Shrubber|2.8.17 @ 2:36PM|# Perhaps I should have threaded my comments. I was commenting specifically on Homple|2.8.17 @ 9:55AM|#|–|filternamelinkcustom Reason staff have lost their cotton pickin' minds. and buybuydandavis|2.8.17 @ 6:05AM|#|–|filternamelinkcustom Yay! More hysterical pants shitting from Reason! I think I have adequately addressed their ad hominems. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 2:49PM|# no, you didn't "adequately address" anything. - You bemoaned people "crying TDS" when neither of those examples say anything like that. - You simply assert "KMW is not misusing the term as you hear it screamed at some leftist protest:" sans any argument. There are numerous arguments here suggesting, yes, she's wildly misusing the term, and you don't even attempt to respond to them. - you say, ""You guys really want to defend Trump"", itself dishonest rhetoric: criticisms of stupid arguments made against Trump is not "Defense of Trump" = its criticism of stupid arguments. Trying to validate accusations of fascism (*which, despite the "yet" at the conclusion, is exactly what this is about) is a stupid argument. Calling presidents you "dont like" fascists, while avoiding the term for presidents who actually made sincere efforts to *nationalize industries*, bend others to federal will, is utter nonsense. As noted above = its just a smear term devoid of any attempt at making objective distinctions. and those aren't ad-homs, technically; not that it matters. Again = if you have a problem with some specific criticism made, take it up with the specific people who make them. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply mtrueman|2.9.17 @ 12:42AM|# As noted above = its just a smear term devoid of any attempt at making objective distinctions." Obama was a leftwing internationalist. Trump is a rightwing nationalist. Hence the fascist label. Why should that bother you? "Calling presidents you "dont like" fascists, while avoiding the term for presidents who actually made sincere efforts to *nationalize industries*" Fascists don't nationalize industries. Under Hitler, the big industrial concerns remained in private hands. If you find your president nationalizing industries, sounds like you have a Bolshevik on your hands. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Sevo|2.10.17 @ 11:17PM|# "Fascists don't nationalize industries. Under Hitler, the big industrial concerns remained in private hands." You should really quit posting stupidity this often. Lenin didn't nationalize many of the businesses in the early years of the Soviet, either. Hitler was 'removed from power' too early accomplish his aims. If you'd like to be taken seriously, read "The Wages of Destruction" (Tooze) before you post one more lie regarding fascism; you're entirely too fucking ignorant to do otherwise. Oh, and fuck off. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply John|2.8.17 @ 1:16PM|# Yes she is misusing it. I quote an extensive description of fascist economics above. And it is nothing like what Trump is doing. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:49PM|# I'm not seeing much in the way of hate here against KMW. I think KMW and her work are well respected by the commentariat here. Surely, we can disagree with her characterization without having reverse TDS. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Chip Your Pets|2.8.17 @ 12:38PM|# Here at Reason, we don't hesitate to drop f-bombs when the situation calls for it, and we reserve the right to do so in the future, but we're not quite there with this particular seven-letter word. Yet. I'm not quite there with saying that Reason is a shell of a former libertarian publication that has sold out and is running interference for the socialist Left. Yet. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Rebel Scum|2.8.17 @ 12:45PM|# Is it time to dust off the word fascist to describe Donald Trump? Meh. In a technical sense, the word is a pretty good descriptor for what we've seen of Trump's United States economic policy so far for quite a long time. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply The Late P Brooks|2.8.17 @ 1:03PM|# What would you call Cash for Clunkers? Or Obamacare? Or Solyndra? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply GILMORE™|2.8.17 @ 1:14PM|# Or trying to engineer "transformations in our energy economy" Obama's speech on how he wanted to arm-twist industries into producing a "greener" world sounds like it could have been lifted from Mussolini It is also a transformation that will require more than just a few government programs. Energy independence will require an all-hands-on-deck effort from America — effort from our scientists and entrepreneurs; from businesses and from every American citizen. Factories will have to re-tool and re-design. Businesses will need to find ways to emit less carbon dioxide. All of us will need to buy more of the fuel-efficient cars built by this state, and find new ways to improve efficiency and save energy in our own homes and businesses. ... If I am President, I will immediately direct the full resources of the federal government and the full energy of the private sector to a single, overarching goal ...all at the Command of the Leader! Cato here wrote about overlap between economic policies of Il Duce and Barack, and provides a more evidence-based analysis for what deserves to be called "Fascist" than does KMW reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Alan Vanneman|2.8.17 @ 1:40PM|# Nice! reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Ken Shultz|2.8.17 @ 1:55PM|# " now looks like Trump is settling into something more like corporate authoritarianism. The real trouble, though, with government control of the economy is that it makes businesses behave in less economically efficient ways for political reasons." How do you square that characterization with Trump's push for deregulation? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Johnny B|2.8.17 @ 11:38PM|# Yes, it is difficult to say Trump is trying to use the government to run the economy when he is issues a "drop two regulations to add one" EO. Busting Obama-Care, Dodd-Frank. What a fascist. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply DaveT1000|2.8.17 @ 2:22PM|# There's a much better term than fascism for what KMW is describing here: dirigisme. Quoting Wikipedia: "[It] is an economic system where the state exerts a strong directive influence over investment. It designates a capitalist economy in which the state plays a strong directive role, as opposed to a merely regulatory one. The term emerged in the post-war era to describe the economic policies of the French economy, which included substantial state-directed investment, the use of indicative economic planning to supplement the market system, and the establishment of state enterprises in strategic sectors of the French economy." Dirigisme needn't go hand in hand with mercantilism, but it often does: the growth policies of Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore are/were good examples. It's also apparent that Trump and some of his economic advisors (Ross, Navarro) have strong mercantilist impulses. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply DaveT1000|2.8.17 @ 2:38PM|# And looking at those more accurate terms also shows the problem in KMW's argument here. She makes a brief nod toward the common usage of fascism, but the key point is that 99% of the U.S. population don't think at all about an economic system when using or hearing the term "fascism". To the extent that people have an understanding beyond "someone whose political views I don't like", the term "fascist" is almost exclusively tied to nationalist dictatorship and suppression of civil liberties through both legal and extralegal means: the brown shirts might be the police, or they might be paramilitary groups tied to the exalted leader. It's disingenuous to claim that using the term "fascism" is an effective way to communicate a concept like "French and Japanese-style corporatism". reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Bubba Jones|2.8.17 @ 8:06PM|# I don't see any fascism or cronyism in trying to drive down the price of a Boeing contract. Quite the opposite. I need more details on the Carrier deal, without having to do any homework. Requiring companies to behave a certain way in order to receive government contracts seems entirely typical. PREVAILING WAGE. Not fascist. Perhaps bad policy. But I don't think that really qualifies as fascism unless we give up on it as a useful term. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply gzuckier|2.8.17 @ 11:38PM|# Are you suggesting that having a president who publicly chides a department store which, for the professed reason of declining sales, has decided to stop stocking products made by his daughter's company, is not a hallmark of conservative free market philosophy? reply to this report spam log in or register to reply FrankInFL|2.9.17 @ 10:03AM|# One problem is that the current flawed interpretation of the Interstate Commerce clause makes it appear that fascism is okay here if we just call it "regulation of interstate commerce". If we ever wake up to that problem, all those acts that one side or the other screamingly labels "fascism" will stop happening. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply BambiB|2.9.17 @ 11:38AM|# And yet, American companies have been getting away with murder. The 1+ million H-1Bs and the untold number of L-1s are all examples of importing outsourcing. If Trump smacks those companies in the teeth with a baseball bat, I hope he swings hard and level. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Longtobefree|2.9.17 @ 12:13PM|# "and way too specific and extreme, with its grace notes of Blackshirts, one-party rule, nationalization of industry, and violence." Let's see - democrats, or republicans? Since the last numbered war, fascism has been considered right wing, despite the left wing requirements of it's economic direction. Much like "decimate" has come to mean total destruction rather than 10% reduction. So pop quiz time: Nationalizing the health care industry; fascist or not? Mandating specifications for major power plant components; fascist or not? Mandating individuals purchase government specified insurance regardless of fit to individual needs; fascist or not? For extra credit, develop 5 more questions of your own. reply to this report spam log in or register to reply Leave a Comment * COMMENT: You must have an account and be logged in to comment. Click here to register, or here to login if you already have an account * COMMENT: Best of Brickbats: The Ob… Charles Oliver | 02.01.2017 MARCH 2017 ISSUE Will Liberals Learn to Lo… Damon Root | 02.04.2017 VIEW REASON PRINT ARCHIVES TOP STORIES Hundreds Apprehended in More than a Half-Dozen U.S. Cities in Immigration Law Crackdown 2.10.17 9:53 pm Why the 9th Circuit Refused to Reinstate Trump's Travel Ban 2.10.17 8:00 am Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four Describes the Authoritarian Left Better Than It Does Trump 2.10.17 10:30 am High Population Density Just Might Be Good for You 2.10.17 1:30 pm MOST VISITED Why Do We Have a Department of Education? Jimmy Carter's Debt to a Teachers Union. Anthony Fisher | 2.07.17 1:15 pm Trump Does Not Know What Civil Forfeiture Is, but He Likes It Jacob Sullum | 2.09.17 8:00 am Betsy DeVos Confirmed as Education Secretary: Enjoy the Delicious Tears of Teachers Unions Robby Soave | 2.07.17 3:15 pm Cops Mistake Dad for Kidnapper, Hold Him at Gunpoint Because They've Never Seen a Tesla Lenore Skenazy | 2.08.17 8:35 am Your Government at Work: Trying to Prosecute Restaurateur for Tweeting Photo of Underage Kids Who Tried to Buy Beer [UPDATE: Acquittal!] Brian Doherty | 2.07.17 10:10 pm GET REASON MAGAZINE Get Reason's print or digital edition before it’s posted online Subscribe to Reason Digital Subscribe to Reason’s Print Edition Give a Gift Subscription Hit & Run Blog Why Do Regulators Seem to Hate Farmers Markets? New at Reason Reason Staff | 2.11.17 8:00 am Hundreds Apprehended in More than a Half-Dozen U.S. Cities in Immigration Law Crackdown Brian Doherty | 2.10.17 9:53 pm Trump's Executive Orders on Crime are More of the Same, Just More Intense Rhetoric, Says Harvey Silverglate Anthony L. Fisher | 2.10.17 4:45 pm Betsy DeVos Blocked from School, Trump's Lonely Home Life, Miami Marlins For Sale: P.M. Links Anthony L. Fisher | 2.10.17 4:30 pm READ MORE POSTS » REASONTV: FEATURED VIDEOS Flemming Rose Against the Worldwide Suppression of Speech Nick Gillespie Todd Krainin Santa Monica Evicts Airbnb: The War on Homesharing Zach Weissmueller Everything You Need To Know About Neil Gorsuch (Including Roe v. Wade) Nick Gillespie Mark McDaniel VIEW ALL » Obamacare 3 Things to Look for in 2017's Shouty Townhall Season Matt Welch Tom Price Confirmed as Secretary of Health and Human Services Ed Krayewski Trump’s Leaked Draft Proposal to Modify Obamacare May Be Illegal Peter Suderman Ferguson Ferguson Activist Darren Seals Found Shot and Dead in Burning Car in St. Louis Ed Krayewski Unaccountable Police Unions Endanger Minorities and Everyone Else Shikha Dalmia Watch Matt Welch Bash Workplace Drug Testing and Trump's Ferguson Affect on Red Eye Matt Welch Net Neutrality Donald Trump May Try To Stifle Freedom of Expression but His FCC Head Ajit Pai Will Defend a "Free and Open Internet" Nick Gillespie Hillary Clinton’s Tech Platform: Government Meddling for Some; Incentives and Deals for Others Scott Shackford Court Upholds the FCC’s Politically Driven Decision to Regulate the Internet Like a Utility Peter Suderman Iran Brickbat: Caught in a Hammerlock Charles Oliver U.S. Imposes New Sanctions on Iran After Putting Country ‘On Notice’ Over Missile Test Ed Krayewski Trump's Travel Ban Forces Elderly Green Card-Holder to Stay in Iraq. She Died the Next Day (Updated: Family Imam Says Story is a Lie, She Actually Died Before the Ban) Anthony L. Fisher ISIS Trump's 'Muslim Ban' Hurts the Fight Against ISIS, Say U.S. Diplomats in Iraq Anthony L. Fisher White House Site Relaunches with Trump’s Populist Policy Proposals Scott Shackford Is the Real Housewives of ISIS Skit Really Sparking a Controversy? Ed Krayewski Reason-Rupe Poll Poll: Americans Like Free Markets More than Capitalism and Socialism More Than a Govt Managed Economy Emily Ekins 35 Percent of Americans Want Pension Reform to be “Top Priority” for Govt Emily Ekins 78 Percent of Americans Say Voters Should Get to Vote on Govt Employee Benefit Increases Emily Ekins Staff Reviews The Realist Cartoons Jesse Walker The Best Books, Films, Music, and Television of 2016 Jesse Walker Christmas Horrors Jesse Walker Donate: Donate Online Donate via Fax or Mail Why Support Reason? Donation FAQ Stock Donations Planned Giving Shop to Support Reason Links: Home About Reason Foundation Cover Gallery Reason TV Events Advertise Staff Contributors Widgets Subscribe: Subscribe to the Print Magazine Reason Mobile Apps Apple Newsstand E-Reader Subscriptions Give Reason as a Gift Back Issues Subscription Services Email Newsletters Contact: News Tips Site Technology Questions Media Inquiries Reprint Permissions Submissions Editorial & Production Offices 5737 Mesmer Ave. Los Angeles, CA 90230 (310) 391-2245 Washington Office 1747 Connecticut Ave., NW Washington, DC 20009 (202) 986-0916 Home ReasonTV Hit & Run Magazine Subscribe Donate Advanced Search Advertise Contact ©2017 Reason Foundation.|reason.org |privacy policy|terms of use|  
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Tennant Company (TNC) Shares Bought by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Buys 1,682 Shares of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is United Services Automobile Association’s 2nd Largest Position Private Management Group Inc. Sells 33,702 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC HighTower Advisors LLC Purchases New Stake in Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Intrexon Corporation (XON) Stake Boosted by HighTower Advisors LLC Hsbc Holdings PLC Has $417,000 Position in National Health Investors, Inc. (NHI) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC Hsbc Holdings PLC Has $422,000 Position in ProAssurance Corporation (PRA) Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC AMP Capital Investors Ltd Has $653,000 Position in ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. (SERV) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Has $623,000 Stake in Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Amerco (UHAL) Shares Sold by AMP Capital Investors Ltd Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Position in Universal Display Corporation (OLED) PTC Inc. (PTC) Stake Increased by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Sells 1,012 Shares of The Middleby Corporation (MIDD) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Boosts Position in Burlington Stores, Inc. (BURL) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Acquires 5,550 Shares of American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 627 Shares of Weight Watchers International Inc (WTW) MUFG Securities EMEA plc Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet MUFG Securities EMEA plc acquired a new position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 1,642 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $216,000. Boeing Company (The) comprises approximately 0.2% of MUFG Securities EMEA plc’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 313.0% in the second quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 23,544 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,056,000 after buying an additional 17,843 shares during the last quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.8% in the second quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 10,400 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $1,351,000 after buying an additional 188 shares during the last quarter. Signaturefd LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 4.1% in the second quarter. Signaturefd LLC now owns 17,415 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,262,000 after buying an additional 678 shares during the last quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 78.4% in the second quarter. Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. now owns 3,414 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,022 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. 74.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.68% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $163.95. 1,196,096 shares of the stock were exchanged. Boeing Company has a 12 month low of $102.10 and a 12 month high of $170.00. The firm has a market cap of $101.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.54 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $160.20 and its 200 day moving average is $143.77. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.60 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MUFG Securities EMEA plc Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/mufg-securities-emea-plc-takes-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on BA. Vetr cut shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.88 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $109.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Argus upped their price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $152.63. In other news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Sells 514,900 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Next » MUFG Securities EMEA plc Holds Position in Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News E-tailers shed rivalry to voice GST concerns Air India looks at leasing more aircraft to add tailwind to frequency Business Standard Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India IANS  |  New Delhi  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 23:35 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw98 ALSO READ IAF to procure another Boeing C-17 transport aircraft After auto, Gujarat aims to be defence, aerospace hub Boeing says its 787 aircraft a big help to Air India Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. Read More On Boeing Defence India | Boeing Defence | Boeing | Ministry Of Defence | India | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India It said BDI will serve as framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Global aviation major Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India It said BDI to serve as a framework enabling to draw on growth and productivity benefits in India Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defence, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 5 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Canadian low-cost carrier first begin flying Boeing 767s jets just in the spring of 2016. Post to Facebook CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Canadian low-cost carrier first begin flying Boeing 767s jets just in the spring of 2016.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k3BCeL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs CEO says WestJet 'bullish' on widebody strategy Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 11:18 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 11:39 a.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 113 Shares  (Photo: WestJet) WestJet remains “bullish” on its recently launched strategy of flying big widebody jets, the CEO of the Canadian low-cost carrier said Tuesday. Gregg Saretsky acknowledged during the company’s quarterly earnings call that WestJet’s new widebody strategy – launched just last year – is being closely watched. He declined to offer specifics on what WestJet has in mind going forward, but The Calgary Herald writes Saretsky “hinted that an investor day in May could be an opportunity to unveil” more details on the company’s widebody ambitions. WestJet began flying in 1996, mimicking the single-aircraft strategy that U.S. low-cost carrier Southwest used to great success on this side of the border. WestJet remained a domestic carrier until 2004, when a number of U.S. destinations joined its network. Flights to the Bahamas began in 2006, with further expansion in Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean to follow. CALGARY HERALD WestJet &#039;bullish&#039; on wide-body strategy, but tight-lipped on details Still, WestJet’s footprint remained within North America. That changed in 2013 when the carrier added its first destination in Europe, launching seasonal Boeing 737 service between St. John’s, Newfoundland, to Dublin, Ireland. WestJet also added turboprops to its network in 2013, but otherwise remained an all-Boeing 737 carrier. Then in 2015, WestJet announced plans to add four Boeing 767s to its fleet, bringing in widebody jets that are more typical on overseas routes. The longer range of the 767 also allowed WestJet to consider Europe or Hawaii service from interior Canadian destinations that would be too far for the 737. With its new 767s, WestJet launched six seasonal new routes to London's Gatwick Airport. Today, the airline’s 767s are flying two routes to London Gatwick, two routes to Hawaii, and on some of its domestic transcontinental routes, according to the Herald. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Outfitted for marine surveillance, a Canadian Government Dash-8 departs Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of partially completed Boeing KC-46 tankers awaits their fate while parked at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Cargo jets for UPS, top, and FedEx, bottom, trade places at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Snow covers a Cessna seaplane on a very cold day at the Lake Hood Seaplane Base in Anchorage, Alaska, in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KD Air Piper Navajo Chieftan taxies to a gate after landing at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska/Horizon Bombardier Q400 painted in an Oregon Ducks livery taxis for departure as a Virgin America Airbus A319 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 777-300 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech 1900D taxis in to a small domestic terminal at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Augusta Westland 139 helicopter lands at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Westjet's 'Frozen' themed Disney jet departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-400 lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudi Arabian Boeing 777-300 delivers from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The winter holiday travel season was one of the busiest ever in 2016-17. Here crowds pulse through Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Jan. 4, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An unfinished Boeing 747-8 rests outside at Paine Field, near Everett, WA, in December of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Caribbean Sea and Mexico's Yucatan coastline as seen from American Airlines Flight 886 from Cancun to Charlotte.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets at one of San Francisco International Airport's international concourses in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Centurion Cargo Boeing 747-400 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380 departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off on a delivery flight from Paine Field, near Everett, Wash,, in late December, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rare Everts Air Cargo Douglas DC-6 lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard a UPS Boeing 747 don Santa hats as they ready for a flight across the Pacific on Dec. 3, 2016 in Anchorage, Alaska.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cargolux Boeing 747-8F freighter jet lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lynden Air Cargo Lockheed C-130 makes an aggressive landing approach to Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Purples, pinks, and blues roll over the mountains of Alaska, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A USA TODAY newspaper sits on a first-class seat of an American Airlines A319 for a flight from Charlotte to Cancun, Mexico, on Dec. 30, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The Herald adds background, writing those first “London-Gatwick flights, which launched last spring, were billed by WestJet as a way of testing the waters to see if further long-haul expansion was feasible. Though the route struggled in the early days due to issues with aircraft maintenance and reliability, WestJet says those problems have been fixed and it considers the route a success.” Now, WestJet is thought to be considering fitting its fleet with new widebodies – likely either the Airbus A330 or the Boeing 787 “Dreamliner.” “We are currently analyzing all options as to the make, model and number of aircraft and the pace of expansion,” Saretsky is quoted by the Herald as saying during the earnings call. USA TODAY Like McDonald’s coffee? You can soon get it on this airline But while Saretsky may be “bullish” on pushing ahead with a widebody plan, at least one analyst questioned the move. “I struggle to see where the value creation is in this strategy,” Chris Murray of AltaCorp Capital said to the Herald. The widebody comments came as WestJet reported its quarterly and full-year earnings. The company reported a net profit of CDN $55.2 million (47 cents per share), down from CDN $63.4-million, or 51 cents per share, a year earlier, according to The Globe and Mail of Toronto. The earnings bested analysts’ expectations. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A rouge Boeing 767 leaves the warm climate of Las Vegas, bound for Toronto, on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen As early morning rays of sun pierce the sky, a Boeing 767 lands at New York's JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the latest scheme, an Alitalia Airbus A330 lands at New York JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off for Tokyo from New York JFK on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen In honor of Leap Day, engine maker CFM's new LEAP powerplant makes an appearance on Boeing's 737 MAX, seen on Jan. 29, 2016 in Seattle, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new 737 MAX jet lands at Boeing Field in Seattle following a test flight on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 767-200 freighter leaves Seattle under cloudy skies in early February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-18 fighter jet taxis to a parking stand after landing at Seattle's Boeing Field on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With its unusual wingtip fuel tanks and easily visible swooping red stripe, one of Boeing's T33 chase planes rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on Feb. 6, 2016, for a test flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Allegiant MD80 takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field well after dark in February of 2016 on a sports charter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The picturesque mountains in northern Nevada make for great window watching onboard a Southwest Airlines flight on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sean Drake greets girfriend Samantha Hoch, bouquet of roses in hand, in the lobby of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unmistakable Las Vegas skyline makes for a unique departure view onboard a Southwest Airlines flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suburban cul-de-sacs outside Reno create interesting symmetry, seen on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under ominous skies on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines plane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 takes off from Las Vegas on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane lands on Seattle's Lake Union on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new livery makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane soars over Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands under a faint rainbow at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737 makes an awkward landing on a windy day at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 29 2 of 29 3 of 29 4 of 29 5 of 29 6 of 29 7 of 29 8 of 29 9 of 29 10 of 29 11 of 29 12 of 29 13 of 29 14 of 29 15 of 29 16 of 29 17 of 29 18 of 29 19 of 29 20 of 29 21 of 29 22 of 29 23 of 29 24 of 29 25 of 29 26 of 29 27 of 29 28 of 29 29 of 29 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide IN PICTURES: 30 (more) cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A giant Antonov 124 cargo jet rests on a taxiway at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways heritage jet, bearing America West markings, lands at Mineta San Jose International Airport on March 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 747 Dreamlifter cargo jets trade places at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Falcon 7X business jet taxies for takeoff at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large GE CF-6 engine powers an EVA Air Airbus A330-200 out of Fukuoka, Japan, on Jan. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Honeywell's Boeing 757 testbed rests under the Phoenix sun on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A setting sun illuminates a row of seats onboard a Southwest flight in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin America Airbus A320 taxies for departure at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted, soon-to-be Oman Air Boeing 737 lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the company's new livery, a KLM Boeing 777-300 lands after a test flight at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Baker looms in the background as an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787-8 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EA-18 Growler fighter jet rises above a field of flowers after practicing a carrier approach at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 767s like this brand-new FedEx 767-300 freighter are still going strong, over 30 years since first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777-300 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Still several miles out from landing at SeaTac, an ANA Boeing 787-8 soars high over north Seattle on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A P-3 turboprop submarine hunter from Naval Air Station Whidbey Island takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-900 returns a group of journalists to Seattle after a demo flight of its new cabin service, Alaska Beyond, on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 757-200 ecoDemonstrator jet takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Gulfstream 650 business jet taxies to a hangar at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane rises over downtown Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rushing down the runway, an EA-18 Growler practices carrier approaches at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 refueling jet takes off over Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's Concorde jet is towed onto an active taxiway for temporary storage during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen San Jose's new passenger terminal shines in the noon-day sun on March 31, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A business jet clad in several hues of blue taxies for departure at Mineta San Jose International Airport in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silicon Valley is lit up in late-evening light, as seen from a Skywest Bombardier CRJ-900 en route to Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k3BCeL Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 08, 2017 22:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Feb 8 (IANS) Global defence and aviation major Boeing on Wednesday announced setting up of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local business entity, to support the company's future growth in the country, said a company statement. "The BDI will serve as a framework enabling us to draw on the growth and productivity benefits that India can offer Boeing," said Leanne Caret, President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Defense, Space and Security. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, will lead the new entity, said the statement. "Boeing has made accelerated investments to grow the manufacturing, skill development and engineering scale in the country," Kumar was quoted in the release as having said. "With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with India's Ministry of Defence to deliver advanced capability and readiness to India's military customers and to develop a competitive supplier base in the country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain," Kumar added. In recent years, India has procured C-17 Globemaster III, a heavy lift aircraft, P-8I maritime surveillance aircraft and Harpoon anti-ship missiles from Boeing. The BDI will oversee company's recent investments in India including the Tata Boeing Aerospace Ltd (TBAL) joint venture, the C-17 simulator training centre, Boeing's sourcing and manufacturing activities, sales and marketing activities and the engineering centre expansion. --IANS rs/nir/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Jallikattu comes back to Alanganallur Are F-16s a good choice for the Indian Air Force? Assembly Elections 2017 in cartoons Modi and Manmohan are both raincoat rulers Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Looking to fly high: Air India likely to add 35 planes in two years Shares68 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-10:10pm , PTI Out of the 34 planes, the carrier will lease 29 planes which would be narrow-body Airbus A320s while the remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit on Wednesday. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Live Cricket Score Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) BAN trail by 426 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Erstwhile Indian Airlines asked to pay Rs 2 lakh for harassing passengers Air India to lease out around 25,000 sq feet space in Kolkata Air India to hike salary of employees by 2% Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Air India (AI) Aviation Sector Pankaj Srivastava SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Akhilesh govt. playing with aspirations of youth for political gains PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 2:42pm EST UPDATE 2-Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding (Adds comments from Bombardier, Brazilian official, trade lawyer) By Brad Haynes and Alonso Soto SAO PAULO/BRASILIA Feb 8 Brazil opened a formal complaint against Canada at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on Wednesday, accusing the country of distorting the global aerospace industry with subsidies for planemaker Bombardier Inc . Brazil has threatened for months to open the WTO dispute, arguing that support for Bombardier's new CSeries was undercutting the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer SA. The case builds on decades of antagonism between the two regional jet makers and echoes arguments in the world's largest trade dispute, a transatlantic spat over government support for Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE. Brazil's action came on the heels of fresh support for Bombardier on Tuesday in the form of interest-free loans worth C$373 million ($283 million) from the Canadian government. Canada's Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne said the loans complied with WTO rules and the government would defend itself against litigation. Brazil's Foreign Ministry criticized "at least $2.5 billion in government support" for the Canadian planemaker last year and a senior official said the complaint would include the loans announced on Tuesday. "It is the understanding of Brazil that these Canadian subsidies artificially affect international competitiveness," the ministry said in a statement. The province of Quebec, where Bombardier is based, injected $1 billion into the company's CSeries program last year. The province's largest pension fund also invested $1.5 billion in the company's rail unit. Embraer Chief Executive Officer Paulo Cesar Silva said in a statement that the ongoing cash injections "have not only been fundamental in the development and survival of the CSeries program, but have also allowed Bombardier to offer its aircraft at artificially low prices." STEEP DELTA DISCOUNT Last year, Bombardier scored an order from Delta Air Lines Inc for 75 CSeries jets, worth some $5.6 billion at list prices, beating out Embraer's competing E-Jets with below break-even prices, according to the Brazilians. Two sources familiar with the deal said Bombardier offered a roughly two-thirds discount to win the order, its biggest to date for the fledgling CSeries program. Bombardier booked a $500 million "onerous contract" charge related to that Delta order and a separate deal with Air Canada . Carlos Cozendey, undersecretary for economic affairs at Brazil's Foreign Ministry, said that subsidies had been key in helping Bombardier win the Delta contract and could influence more sales campaigns this year. Bombardier pushed back on Wednesday, calling the government support a standard practice in the global aerospace industry. "All forms of support provided to Bombardier, including the repayable program contributions announced by the federal government yesterday and the investment from the Quebec government...are fully compliant with Canada's international trade obligations," Bombardier said in a statement. The company compared that funding to loans for Embraer from Brazil's state development bank BNDES and an investment by the Brazilian Air Force in Embraer's new military cargo jet. "The aerospace industry is heavily subsidized around the world," said lawyer Renata Amaral, head of the international trade practice at Brazilian firm Barral M Jorge & Associates. "The problem is when subsidies reach a degree that starts creating distortions in the market." Amaral, who has advised Brazil on previous WTO cases, said that a decision on the current dispute was likely to stretch into 2018. Both countries now have up to 60 days to try to settle the dispute before the WTO convenes a panel of experts to help make a ruling in the case. BUILDING ON PRECEDENT The latest WTO standoff follows nearly a decade of sparring between Brazil and Canada over state financing for Embraer and Bombardier's exports in the 1990s. However, the current dispute is closer in substance to the clash between the United States and the European Union over allegedly unfair support for Boeing and Airbus. Brazil will aim to build on a partial U.S. victory in that case, which focused on comparing public financing for aircraft development with private-sector benchmarks to determine whether the loans constituted improper subsidies. The WTO ruled that loans to Airbus were unfair but stopped short of putting them in the worst category of "prohibited" aid. The dispute, which started more than a decade ago, has still not completed a lengthy WTO compliance process. Cozendey, of Brazil's foreign ministry, said that precedent strengthened the argument against Canadian subsidies. Brazil will argue that some of Canada's measures are "prohibited" under international trade law, while others are not illegal per se but are "actionable" because the scale of the subsidies are disrupting competition, Cozendey said. ($1 = C$1.32) (Reporting by Brad Haynes in Sao Paulo and Alonso Soto in Brasilia; Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Daniel Flynn, Nick Zieminski and Lisa Shumaker) Next In Bonds News India's Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide LUCKNOW, India, Feb 11 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces his biggest electoral test since coming to power when the battleground state of Uttar Pradesh, which he swept three years ago, holds an election starting on Saturday. BRIEF-Almadex Minerals says increase to previous private placement * Almadex Minerals announces increase to previously announced proposed private placement BRIEF-Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing * Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2ltc2VK) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Time not conducive for panchayat polls in J-K: Tarigami Siemens net up 43% at Rs 160 cr in Dec quarter Business Standard Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Press Trust of India  |  Mumbai  February 8, 2017 Last Updated at 19:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTMw4u ALSO READ Air India plans flights to Tel Aviv, Washington AI to start 3 flights a week non-stop from Delhi to Washington Air India, Air Austral enter into code share pact Air India eyes opportunities in defence MRO biz Air India reduces debt by Rs 5,000 crore last fiscal National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Air India | India | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, ... National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. "We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale," he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline's fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Boeing sets up Boeing Defence India in supply play Shares1 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-08:41pm , PTI Boeing today announced establishment of Boeing Defence India (BDI), a local operating entity, that will support the company's future growth objectives in the country in services and support, sales and marketing, sourcing, manufacturing and engineering. With BDI, Boeing will expand its engagement with the Ministry of Defence to deliver capability and readiness to India's military customers and develop a competitive supplier base in country that is integrated into Boeing's global supply chain. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Live Cricket Score Live BAN 261/6 (83.1) BAN trail by 426 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Defence Budget sees marginal overall increase, gets overshadowed by manpower cost Cairn India gets nod for drilling 64 exploratory, appraisal wells in KG-Basin 'DRDO ready to compete with foreign companies, export' Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Ministry of Defence SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Akhilesh govt. playing with aspirations of youth for political gains PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? Boeing and Airbus are the biggest players in the passenger aircraft game, and both have long order backlogs. But long-term investors will find one clearly in a stronger position. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg talk about which airplane manufacturer is a better buy for long-term investors: Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) or Boeing (NYSE:BA). Find out which has the bigger backlog (and why that isn't necessarily a good thing), what's coming around the bend for both companies, what's going to be cutting into demand for the next few years, and, of course, which company is a better buy. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Let's talk some numbers before we head out of here. Who sells more planes? Adam Levine-Weinberg: As I said before, Airbus definitely has a lead right now in terms of the orders. Every year for the last few years, they have pretty reliably come in ahead of Boeing in terms of orders. On the widebody side, both companies had about 1,200 or 1,300 orders in backlog, and those planes tend to go for $100 million or more. So, between the two of them, that's several hundred billion dollars of planes. On the narrowbody side, the numbers are actually even bigger. Boeing has over 4,400 planes that are in backlog just with the 737 and the upcoming 737MAX. Airbus has over 5,600. That's quite a bit ahead. O'Reilly: This is a lot of planes we're talking here. Levine-Weinberg: So there's definitely an advantage for Airbus, but the fact remains that it's going to take Boeing seven years just to build all the planes that it has. Airbus, it's kind of overkill. It's great to have that many orders in backlog; it means that you can survive a recession where you might have orders dry up suddenly for a couple years at a time. But unless that happens, it's not going to really matter so much, because Airbus doesn't have the capacity to build planes much faster than it's already planning to build them, which is less than 700 a year. So it has eight or nine years of production already locked in. As a result, it's just not going to sell as many planes in the future, or it's going to have to figure out some way to build new factories or squeeze more planes out of the existing factories it has. O'Reilly: So, obviously, this is The Motley Fool; we're investors. What do you see coming around the bend for these guys, and what do you think of the valuations of these companies? I have looked, Boeing is long -- I cannot believe this company's return on capital and equity. It's like in the 90s, some years, 90% return on equity in a year. It's a fun balance sheet, and we can talk about that a little bit more another time. But it's got a 12, 13 multiple P/E. Airbus, it's a good business, but it's inferior by every measure. They're not free-cash-flow positive most years. Boeing just throws off money like it's its job. Which stock do you like? What do you see coming around the bend for these guys? Levine-Weinberg: I still like Boeing's stock. It has run up quite a bit in the last few months. Early last year, about a year ago, it had dived down to the low hundreds, and it's risen about 15% since then. But I still think that Boeing could continue to gain ground over the next few years. Right now, they have a little bit of a transitional period where a couple of their models, particularly their 777, which has been a big cash cow for them in the past few years, demand is really falling off. But the reason why is that you have a new version of that plane which is coming out in 2020. O'Reilly: And they all know it, so they're not ordering it. Levine-Weinberg: Everyone knows; they announced it several years ago. It's really hard to keep selling an old plane when everybody knows that a new, better model, more fuel-efficient, more range, is coming out not that far in the future. And it's also true that right now, a lot of the developing world in particular has been having trouble both with a strong dollar, which makes it more expensive to buy these planes, and also just unsteady demand, especially in places like Russia and Brazil, where you've had big drop offs in GDP recently. So that's definitely cut into the demand for these planes. But if you look out to 2020 and beyond, once that new version of 777 ramps up, Boeing is going to be, I think, in pretty good shape to continue growing its free cash flow. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Lockheed Hit by U.S. Air Force for More GPS III Satellite Flaws by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio February 8, 2017, 5:00 AM EST Subcontractor Harris Corp. tested wrong part in evaluation Air Force weighs whether to let Boeing, Northrop bid in future GPS III computer rendering. Source: USAF Botched testing by a Lockheed Martin Corp. subcontractor on a key component for the U.S.’s newest Global Positioning System satellites raises new questions about the No. 1 defense contractor’s supervision of the project, according to a top Air Force official. The mistake by subcontractor Harris Corp. forced another delay in the delivery of the first of 32 planned GPS III satellites until later this month, according to Major General Roger Teague, the Air Force’s chief of space programs. That will make the $528 million satellite 34 months late, according to service data. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Lockheed has a contract to build the first 10 of the satellites designed to provide a more accurate version of the Global Positioning System used for everything from the military’s targeting of terrorists to turn-by-turn directions for civilians’ smartphones. The program’s latest setback may affect a pending Air Force decision on whether to open the final 22 satellites to competition from Lockheed rivals Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp. “This was an avoidable situation and raised significant concerns with Lockheed Martin subcontractor management/oversight and Harris program management,” Teague said in a Dec. 21 message to congressional staff obtained by Bloomberg News. Ceramic Capacitors The parts in question are ceramic capacitors that have bedeviled the satellite project. They take higher-voltage power from the satellite’s power system and reduce it to a voltage required for a particular subsystem. Last year, the Air Force and contractors discovered that Harris hadn’t conducted tests on the components, including how long they would operate without failing, that should have been completed in 2010. Now, the Air Force says it found that Harris spent June to October of last year doing follow-up testing on the wrong parts instead of samples of the suspect capacitors installed on the first three satellites. Harris “immediately notified Lockheed and the government” after a post-test inspection, Teague said in his message. Lockheed spokesman Chip Eschenfelder said in an e-mail said that testing of the capacitors’ design was successfully completed in December. “The capacitors met all mission qualification requirements,” he said, so “we are confident the capacitors are mission-ready.” ‘Successfully Completed’ Harris spokeswoman Ellen Mitchell said in an e-mail that company personnel last year identified a capacitor “that was not subjected to all required qualification tests. Once the issue was discovered, Harris deployed a team dedicated to complete the required capacitor tests. The capacitor qualification testing was successfully completed in December 2016.” But Teague said in an interview that Harris was required to perform not only a test to show that the part met design specifications but a separate one to assess the component’s reliability and whether it met a requirement to last 15 years. That second test wasn’t accomplished because “they used the wrong test item,” he said. Cristina Chaplain, a military space systems director at the Government Accountability Office, said in an e-mail that the latest problem “undermines the faith in the progress, if any, that the government and contractor may have been making in turning around a culture that has led to multiyear delays” and cost increases. The Air Force has decided to accept the first satellite even if its capacitors may be flawed because removing them could delay the delivery until October and cost about $70 million, Teague wrote to the congressional staff. The Air Force is confident in the first satellite’s overall reliability based on 3,000 hours of cumulative testing, Teague said. The Air Force will have to pay to replace the suspect capacitors on the second and third satellites. That’s because the satellites are being developed under cost-reimbursement-type contracts, which require the Pentagon to pay for cost increases, the service said. In an Air Force list of priorities that lacked funding for this year, the service said it needed $100 million for GPS III “capacitor repair/replace.” Captain AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, said the list represented potential expenditures on which final decisions had not been made. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News A Year of Sustained Growth for Etihad Airways in 2016 as it Evolves into Etihad Aviation Group ABU DHABI, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Etihad Airways delivered another year of sustained growth in 2016, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products. The airline carried 18.5 million guests during the year, up six percent on 2015. The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering, Airline Equity Partners, Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016.  During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by nine percent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by eight percent. The average load factor held steady at 79 percent. Etihad Airways’ fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of six years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. James Hogan, President and Chief Executive Officer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: „2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways’ superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the EAG business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost-effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development.” Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran. Etihad Airways carried more than 76 percent of the total passengers who traveled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline’s equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 percent of passenger traffic at the airport. The airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine percent over the five million passengers in 2015. The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways’ existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways’ equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests. In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record-breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company’s 3,000-strong team. During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15. Strong growth was achieved within the group’s loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programs, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members. The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of December 31, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritize its Emiratisation program, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programs, a strong indication of the company’s commitment to investing in its people. There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 percent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots. Mr Hogan added: „2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time.” 2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways – the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating – the most sought-after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the ‚World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. About Etihad Aviation Group Etihad Aviation Group (EAG) is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising five business divisions – Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, Etihad Airways Engineering, Etihad Airport Services, Hala Group and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com SOURCE Etihad Airways CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Arts, base, Business, Companies, company, Culture, Environment, fleet, formation, Industry, jet, Markets, officer, star, Travel, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aspire Global Selects SBTech as its Exclusive Sportsbook Supplier Next PostNext TerraX begins 17,000 meter winter drill program at Yellowknife City Gold Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? Boeing and Airbus are the biggest players in the passenger aircraft game, and both have long order backlogs. But long-term investors will find one clearly in a stronger position. Motley Fool Staff Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM In this clip from Industry Focus: Industrials, Sean O'Reilly and Adam Levine-Weinberg talk about which airplane manufacturer is a better buy for long-term investors: Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) or Boeing (NYSE:BA). Find out which has the bigger backlog (and why that isn't necessarily a good thing), what's coming around the bend for both companies, what's going to be cutting into demand for the next few years, and, of course, which company is a better buy. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 26, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Let's talk some numbers before we head out of here. Who sells more planes? Adam Levine-Weinberg: As I said before, Airbus definitely has a lead right now in terms of the orders. Every year for the last few years, they have pretty reliably come in ahead of Boeing in terms of orders. On the widebody side, both companies had about 1,200 or 1,300 orders in backlog, and those planes tend to go for $100 million or more. So, between the two of them, that's several hundred billion dollars of planes. On the narrowbody side, the numbers are actually even bigger. Boeing has over 4,400 planes that are in backlog just with the 737 and the upcoming 737MAX. Airbus has over 5,600. That's quite a bit ahead. O'Reilly: This is a lot of planes we're talking here. Levine-Weinberg: So there's definitely an advantage for Airbus, but the fact remains that it's going to take Boeing seven years just to build all the planes that it has. Airbus, it's kind of overkill. It's great to have that many orders in backlog; it means that you can survive a recession where you might have orders dry up suddenly for a couple years at a time. But unless that happens, it's not going to really matter so much, because Airbus doesn't have the capacity to build planes much faster than it's already planning to build them, which is less than 700 a year. So it has eight or nine years of production already locked in. As a result, it's just not going to sell as many planes in the future, or it's going to have to figure out some way to build new factories or squeeze more planes out of the existing factories it has. O'Reilly: So, obviously, this is The Motley Fool; we're investors. What do you see coming around the bend for these guys, and what do you think of the valuations of these companies? I have looked, Boeing is long -- I cannot believe this company's return on capital and equity. It's like in the 90s, some years, 90% return on equity in a year. It's a fun balance sheet, and we can talk about that a little bit more another time. But it's got a 12, 13 multiple P/E. Airbus, it's a good business, but it's inferior by every measure. They're not free-cash-flow positive most years. Boeing just throws off money like it's its job. Which stock do you like? What do you see coming around the bend for these guys? Levine-Weinberg: I still like Boeing's stock. It has run up quite a bit in the last few months. Early last year, about a year ago, it had dived down to the low hundreds, and it's risen about 15% since then. But I still think that Boeing could continue to gain ground over the next few years. Right now, they have a little bit of a transitional period where a couple of their models, particularly their 777, which has been a big cash cow for them in the past few years, demand is really falling off. But the reason why is that you have a new version of that plane which is coming out in 2020. O'Reilly: And they all know it, so they're not ordering it. Levine-Weinberg: Everyone knows; they announced it several years ago. It's really hard to keep selling an old plane when everybody knows that a new, better model, more fuel-efficient, more range, is coming out not that far in the future. And it's also true that right now, a lot of the developing world in particular has been having trouble both with a strong dollar, which makes it more expensive to buy these planes, and also just unsteady demand, especially in places like Russia and Brazil, where you've had big drop offs in GDP recently. So that's definitely cut into the demand for these planes. But if you look out to 2020 and beyond, once that new version of 777 ramps up, Boeing is going to be, I think, in pretty good shape to continue growing its free cash flow. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 8:04AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $166.23 up $1.95 (1.19%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $17.11 up $0.06 (0.38%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Boeing vs. Airbus: Who's Positioned Better? Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Boeing vs. Airbus: Which Airplane Manufacturer Is a Better Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $EADSY
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Space & Science NASA tests next-generation air traffic software in Washington state’s skies by Alan Boyle on February 7, 2017 at 6:28 pmFebruary 7, 2017 at 7:42 pm Comments   Share  120 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! A tablet computer displays air traffic data during ATD-1 flight simulations. (NASA Photo / David C. Bowman) Landing planes at busy airports can be a challenging work of aerial ballet, and this week, NASA is testing a computerized choreographer to handle the job in the skies over Washington state. The tests, supervised by NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate, are part of a series of flights known as Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration, or ATD-1. Three research airplanes have been outfitted with NASA-developed software that keeps track of the speed and position of the airplanes as they approach an airport. The flight deck interval management software automatically calculates how fast the planes should be traveling to maintain the proper spacing between them, and displays that information on a tablet in the planes’ cockpits. The software can predict the moment when an airplane touches down within a few seconds. That information should help pilots and ground controllers plot the planes’ routes more easily and efficiently. The payoff comes in the form of fuel savings, noise and pollution reduction and fewer flight delays. NASA’s Langley Research Center in Virginia and Ames Research Center in California played key roles in developing the software, but the Pacific Northwest provides more open space for trying out the system under real-world conditions. A Honeywell Dassault Falcon business jet is taking on the role of prima ballerina for this week’s tests. It broadcasts speed and position data to a Honeywell Boeing 757 based out of Seattle’s Boeing Field, and to a United Airlines Boeing 737 based out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. During each test flight, the three jets conduct the aviation equivalent of a pas de trois – with Grant County International Airport in Moses Lake, Wash., serving as the primary stage. “It’s a very simple ‘follow the leader’ operation that is easy to execute by the flight crew,” Sheri Brown, ATD-1 project manager at Langley Research Center, said in NASA’s preview of the tests. Performances are taking place all this week, but NASA says the initial ATD-1 flights were already “very successful.” Here’s a Twitter recap of today’s test: Things have improved a little since this pic yesterday. Neither rain nor snow, etc. can stop @NASAAero ATD-1 flight test in Seattle. pic.twitter.com/fUgnOF6WrS — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 We are using 2 @Honeywell_Aero and 1 @united planes to test airborne traffic management aircraft spacing technology in Washington state. pic.twitter.com/vSoHZedmql — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 This @NASAAero flight test works on a "follow the leader" arrival principle. Here's the leader – a @Honeywell_Aero Falcon biz jet. pic.twitter.com/we4eXDFwwW — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Reporting from onboard the Honeywell Boeing 757 aircraft before takeoff for today's tests of interval mngmnt software. pic.twitter.com/6yLyb6DvL9 — NASA Aeronautics (@NASAAero) February 7, 2017 About to take off inside a Honeywell 757. Filming for NASA's ATD-1 testing around Seattle with team lead Boeing and team member United. pic.twitter.com/YEbC8K01oz — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 Beautiful takeoff from Boeing field. NASA's ATD-1 testing underway. pic.twitter.com/9KXDXXpxiE — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 This is @Honeywell_Aero cockpit en route to Moses Lake testing site – not much to see above clouds. pic.twitter.com/L235OvTa0j — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 The aircraft spacing computer tool is displayed on an electronic flight bag tablet in cockpit. More here: https://t.co/PPvmcm3UNC pic.twitter.com/nIMiuIU9GY — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Displays on board show technology at work – planes follow each other using computer precise spacing guidance. 757 is shown in black. pic.twitter.com/lIMlonSsAj — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 And we do a go around over Moses Lake – lining up for another test scenario. It's a beautiful day to fly and test! pic.twitter.com/qlJuBU4Mzy — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 Flight tests also require test engineers, directors from us, @BoeingAirplanes and @Honeywell_Aero. Cool engineering set up! pic.twitter.com/SXVBNx8Fzl — NASA_Langley (@NASA_Langley) February 7, 2017 On board 737. https://t.co/90bmabS8Ha — NASA Aeronautics (@NASAAero) February 7, 2017 Brian Baxley from NASA Langley Research Center at 10000 feet speaking about the benefits of ATD-1 for the general public. pic.twitter.com/nDWRRJEJlE — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 7, 2017 The 757 performed beautifully today. ATD-1 testing was very successful. Looking forward to tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/OJ85D8FTyQ — NASA X (@NASAXrocks) February 8, 2017 Stay tuned for more about ATD-1 as the test flights continue. And stay tuned for the sequel as well: NASA researchers already have started putting ATD-2 through its paces in a 360-degree airport simulator at Ames Research Center. For more about the ATD-1 flights, check out the report on Boeing Field’s Centerline blog and NASA’s media advisory.   Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  120 Tweet Share  17 Reddit Email Previous StoryMicrosoft, AT&T join in $25M funding round for SnapRoute, networking startup founded by Apple engineers Next StoryTech Moves: Apple poaches Amazon Fire exec; Tune promotes Koch to CTO; Nohla names CEO; etc. Filed Under: Science  Tagged With: Aeronautics • Aviation • NASA GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories NASA gets first official X-plane in a decade: Electric craft named X-57 Maxwell Faster, quieter, greener: Will NASA’s campaign for X-planes pick up speed? Watch NASA test-crash this Cessna live right now Boom moves ahead on supersonic plane project, with help from Virgin Galactic Previous StoryMicrosoft, AT&T join in $25M funding round for SnapRoute, networking startup founded by Apple engineers Next StoryTech Moves: Apple poaches Amazon Fire exec; Tune promotes Koch to CTO; Nohla names CEO; etc. Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Program Manager – Data ServicesWhitepages Security Software EngineerOfferUp Software Engineer, Test AutomationM87 × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Saturday 11 February 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » OVER 10,000 SCHEDULED FLIGHTS Etihad flies 18.5m passengers in 2016 ABU DHABI, 2 days ago Etihad Airways, the national carrier of the UAE, carried 18.5 million guests in 2016, up 6 per cent on figures reported in 2015. The year 2016 proved to be another year of sustained growth for the carrier, helped by new aircraft, additional frequencies and the introduction of further world-class products, the airline said. The airline was also part of the evolution of Etihad Aviation Group, a wider aviation and tourism business which now also includes Etihad Airways Engineering; Airline Equity Partners; Etihad Airport Services and Hala Group. The formation of Etihad Aviation Group was announced in May 2016.     During the year, Etihad Airways operated more than 109,000 scheduled passenger and cargo flights spanning around 446 million kilometres and 112 destinations. Capacity, measured in available seat kilometres (ASK), grew by 9 per cent and passenger traffic, measured by revenue passenger kilometres (RPK), rose by 8 per cent. The average load factor held steady at 79 per cent.   Etihad Airways’ fleet of 119 aircraft is one of the youngest and most environmentally-friendly in the industry, with an average age of six years. During the year, the airline took delivery of 10 aircraft: three Airbus A380s, five Boeing 787s and two Boeing 777-200 cargo freighters. An additional 12 aircraft are set for delivery in 2017, including nine Boeing 787s, two Airbus A380s and one A330-200 freighter. Etihad holds the strongest credit rating in the aviation industry (A by Fitch), demonstrating the strength of its successful business model which is widely acknowledged by the international financial community. James Hogan, president and chief executive pfficer of Etihad Aviation Group (EAG), said: “2016 saw sustained growth in a very tough business environment. This is where Etihad Airways’ superior products and services show their true value and where the strength of the Etiahd Aviation Group (EAG) business model comes into effect through its diversity of businesses, cost effective synergies and global spread of risk. Most importantly, in 2016 we were able to introduce our new Group structure, which positions this business for long-term growth and development.”   Etihad Airways launched Venice in Italy, Rabat in Morocco and Sabiha Gokcen in Turkey as new destinations in 2016. The much-admired Airbus A380 began serving Mumbai and Melbourne, and the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was deployed on new routes, including Perth, Shanghai, Johannesburg and Dusseldorf.  The airline added a fifth daily flight on the Doha route, an extra daily flight to Cairo and Kozhikode, and increased frequencies to Dammam, Manila and Tehran.   Etihad Airways carried more than 76 per cent of the total passengers who travelled to and from Abu Dhabi International Airport in 2016. With the addition of the airline’s equity partners that operate flights into the UAE capital, the combined total rises to 86 per cent of passenger traffic at the airport.   The airline’s codeshare and equity partnerships delivered 5.5 million passengers onto Etihad Airways’ flights, an increase of nine per cent over the five million passengers in 2015. The airline launched new codeshare agreements with Avianca Colombia, Avianca Brasil, Kulula, Precision Air and Montenegro Airlines. Etihad Airways’ existing codeshares with airberlin, Alitalia, Brussels Airlines, Flynas, Jet Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Hong Kong Airlines, and Virgin Australia were significantly expanded. Etihad Airways also launched new interline agreements with Lufthansa, Pegasus, Malindo and LATAM. As a result, the airline now offers a combined passenger and cargo network of nearly 600 destinations through its 188 interline and 53 codeshare partnerships. Etihad Airways’ equity partner network, including airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia and Etihad Regional, represents the seventh largest global grouping of airlines. In 2016, the combined fleet of 705 aircraft carried 126.6 million guests.   In November, Etihad Airways Engineering dealt with a record breaking week of heavy maintenance at its state-of-the-art facility in Abu Dhabi. Aircraft from six of the seven partner airlines were worked on by the company’s 3,000-strong team.   During 2016, Etihad Cargo carried 592,700 tonnes, which was flat year-on-year. Etihad Cargo expanded its freighter services to several new markets, including Columbus Rickenbacker, Ohio in the US; East Midlands and London Stansted in the UK; Copenhagen; Brussels; Addis Ababa and Casablanca in Africa; Colombo; Muscat; and Zhengzhou in China. This brings the number of freighter-only destinations to 15.   Strong growth was achieved within the group’s loyalty businesses with over three million new members joining the Etihad Guest, MilleMiglia (Alitalia), topbonus (airberlin) and JetPrivilege programmes, which now provide benefits to nearly 20 million members. The Etihad Aviation Group workforce, as of 31 December, stood at 26,635 employees, representing 150 nationalities. The airline continued to prioritise its Emiratisation programme, and in November, celebrated the graduation of 310 future leaders from the Future Leaders Programmes, a strong indication of the company’s commitment to investing in its people.   There are currently more than 3,000 Emirati employees – 52 per cent of whom are women, including engineers and pilots.   Hogan added: “2017 will be another challenging year. We will continue to expand prudently and efficiently, reflecting the nature of the economic environment. We remain optimistic and have every belief that our robust business model will succeed and, most importantly, stand the test of time.”   2016 was a year of impressive accolades for Etihad Airways - the pinnacle being the Skytrax Certified 5-Star Airline Rating - the most sought after quality status in the airline industry. Etihad was also named the ‘World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for the eighth consecutive year and collected the coveted Crystal Cabin Award for the Boeing 787 First Class cabin design. During the year, Etihad Guest marked its 10th anniversary and reached 4.7 million members. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Flights | Airways | Passenger | numbers | 2016 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories BTEA chief executive opens Bahrain Family Expo Etihad backs the fashion community with new rewards programme Bahraini travellers exempted from Belarus visa requirements Jazeera Airways posts $172m revenue for 2016 Boeing wins $13.8bn Singapore Airlines order for 39 jets Enjoy an adrenaline-fueled weekend at St. Regis Abu Dhabi Nine Mövenpick properties ranked among world's top hotels Bahrain set for Food and Travel Awards Emirates Dubai Jazz Fest to showcase top talents Air Arabia reports net profit of $138m for 2016 Swissport Oman, flydubai sign ground handling services contract Gulf Air signs technology agreement with Sabre Careem 'Ride Now' available in Abu Dhabi again Boeing launches parts exchange programme Etihad, Boeing sign deal for key operations solution Oman Air honours partners at gala ceremony New GM for The Ritz-Carlton, Bahrain Experiential tourism to power UAE travel, hotel receipts Saudi Arabia's top hotel chefs set for new culinary competition GTA hosts Middle East Roadshow 2017 Oman Air signs MoU with Taiseer Al Raha Beach Hotel rolls out new weekend staycation package Shop Bahrain's 'Festival City' sees record visitor footfall Qatar Duty Free debuts new L'oreal Luxe Pavillion Minor Hotels welcomes new VP development for EMEA Tourico Holidays joins Hotelbeds Group City Centre Bahrain hosts the Ninja Turtles BIC joins Shop Bahrain as events partner Qatar Airways launches world's longest commercial flight Global hotel industry CEOs to headline major hospitality conference Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation U.S.'s Boeing aviation launches new nacelle and flight-control surface exchange program 08 February, 2017 08 February 2017 Seattle – Boeing [NYSE: BA] announced today the launch of a new Nacelle and Flight-Control Surface Exchange Program. It provides airlines an integrated and economical solution, while building on Boeing’s successful history of exchange programs. Under the program, customers can exchange nacelle and flight-control surface parts that need repair or overhaul from a certified pool that Boeing maintains throughout its global network. This eliminates the need for customers to contract, schedule, manage and own or lease these parts. “Our customers have asked for more flexibility and we’ve heard them,” said Lynne Hopper, vice president of Parts Solutions. “This offering is one more example of how Boeing creates high-quality, flexible solutions that make life more convenient for our customers, allowing them to mix and match procurement approaches ranging from ownership to pooling to leasing to exchanging.” Parts distributed through the program represent all Boeing models and are updated to the latest configurations, incorporating all applicable service bulletins and airworthiness directives. Advertisement Another benefit of an exchange is that customers only need to take an airplane out of service once, reducing maintenance needs. When a similar part is leased, the plane must be taken out of service for both removal and installation. Boeing is a leader in providing 24/7 support and service to the global aviation industry. Boeing’s parts portfolio is the most complete in the industry, with total stock of over 400,000 part numbers and over 10,000 parts shipped daily. In addition to its parts business, Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of services, including retrofits and modifications, subscription-based maintenance programs, engineering support, crew training, route planning, digital crew scheduling, advanced data analytics and software to enhance airlines and leasing company operations. For more information on Boeing’s commercial aviation services, visit: http://www.boeing.com/commercial/services/ -Ends- Contacts: For more information, contact: Dana Salloum  Middle East Communications, Boeing International Mobile: +971 5 0228 9791 Dana.I.Salloum@boeing.com Katie Zemtseff Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications +1 206-390-7589 Katherine.a.zemtseff@boeing.com © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: gcc united states Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 363 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. Post to Facebook Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 7:39 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 | Updated 12:59 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 468 Shares The tail of an Emirates airline plane can be seen to the left of two aircraft of Qatar Airways.  (Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP) WASHINGTON – In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. The question previewed a meeting Trump scheduled Thursday with Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian and United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. Those legacy carriers and American Airlines have asked the administration to block additional flights from state-owned Emirates, Etihad and Qatar airlines because they received an alleged $50 billion in subsidies during the last decade, which the carriers deny. The question also touched on Norwegian Air International, which won Transportation Department approval in December to serve the U.S. Airline unions have urged Trump to overturn the approval by arguing Norwegian is skirting labor laws with headquarters in Ireland, which the airline denies. QATAR AIRWAYS: This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Trump wants to talk with the Big 3 airline executives about economic growth and job creation. Spicer noted that Norwegian has hired American-based crews and is buying Boeing planes that provide “a huge economic interest” for the country. “I don't want to get ahead of the president on that, but just to be clear, we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes,” Spicer said. “That’s a very big difference.” Anders Lindstrom, a Norwegian spokesman, said the airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 aircraft and has ordered another 120. The airline will take delivery of nine 787 Dreamliners, six 737 MAX and 17 737-800 aircraft this year, he said. “No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian,” Lindstrom said. “We currently have 500 U.S. based cabin crew and is the only foreign airline to be recruiting American pilots, all of which are hired under local laws and regulations with competitive packages.” USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights The AFL-CIO, the Air Line Pilots Association, the Allied Pilots Association, the Association of Flight Attendants—CWA and the Transportation Trades Department have sued the government to overturn the Norwegian decision. Pilots have said they hope to work with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to overturn her predecessor's approval. In terms of the Middle East airlines, the Obama administration conducted informal talks with the governments of United Arab Emirates and Qatar. But the previous administration didn’t reopen the so-called Open Skies agreements that provide unhindered flights between the countries. "Obviously the president's going to want to talk about economic growth and job creation, how he's enacting orders to make sure the country's safe," Spicer said. U.S. executives hope for a better reception from the Trump administration. “The subsidies allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition,” Bastian, Munoz and American CEO Doug Parker wrote Feb. 1 to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “In fact, for every long-haul route lost or foregone as a result of subsidized Gulf carrier competition, more than 1,500 American jobs are lost.” Parker won't be able to attend the meeting because of his airline's longstanding leadership conference in Dallas, according to spokesman Matt Miller. "Doug shares President Trump’s commitment to modernizing our nation’s infrastructure and looks forward to working with his administration to ensure all Americans have access to safe and efficient air travel," Miller said. USA TODAY Qatar Air reveals Boeing jetliner deal worth up to $18.6 billion Gulf carriers also buy a few planes. Qatar Airways, for example, announced an $18.6-billion Boeing order in October. The airline already has a combined total of more than 60 777 and 787 "Dreamliners" in its fleet. Elsewhere in the Gulf region, Emirates is the world's largest operator of Boeing's 777 wide-body, with more than 135 already in its fleet and another two dozen on order. Those orders are worth billions of dollars to Boeing. Fast-growing Etihad also has bought Boeing products, with nearly three-dozen Boeing wide-body jets currently in its fleet and future orders that could swell that number to more than 100. Some U.S. carriers opposed the Big 3 effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Vice President Mike Pence is meeting Wednesday with FedEx CEO Fred Smith. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Yadkin Financial Corporation (YDKN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Downgraded by HSBC Holdings plc RBC Capital Markets Reiterates “$20.00” Price Target for Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. (ESPR) Macy’s Inc (M) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Craig Hallum Analysts Give Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) a $9.00 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Lowers Gibraltar Industries, Inc. (ROCK) to Hold Nokia Corporation (NOK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Gap Inc (GPS) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.02 Per Share Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Stake Boosted by Rock Springs Capital Management LP Rock Springs Capital Management LP Acquires 9,000 Shares of Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. (AAAP) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Price Target Raised to $154.00 Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Markel Corporation (MKL) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Krasney Financial LLC Sells 823 Shares of NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Unum Group (UNM) Shares Sold by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Lowers Position in Whirlpool Corporation (WHR) Convergys Corporation (CVG) Shares Sold by Krasney Financial LLC Aetna Inc. (AET) is Rock Springs Capital Management LP’s 2nd Largest Position TESARO Inc (TSRO) Shares Bought by Rock Springs Capital Management LP Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Scopia Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 304,927 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $40,171,000. Boeing Company (The) comprises 0.7% of Scopia Capital Management LP’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the last quarter. TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $126,000. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Reilly Financial Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 22.9% in the third quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 1,034 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 193 shares during the last quarter. 74.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.54% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $166.50. The stock had a trading volume of 4,243,239 shares. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $170.00. The company’s 50-day moving average is $159.76 and its 200 day moving average is $143.38. The firm has a market cap of $102.76 billion, a PE ratio of 21.88 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.60 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.41%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 56.99%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Scopia Capital Management LP Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/scopia-capital-management-lp-takes-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on BA shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank Of Canada started coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $136.00 target price on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $136.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Argus boosted their price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.63. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342 over the last ninety days. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Major Shareholder Sells $2,448,500.00 in Stock Next » Lazard Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation (SWHC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MACHINISTS AND AEROSPACE WORKERS Menu Close SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Quick links+ WWW CENTER IAM PENSION TCU UNION NFFE SUBSCRIBE TO IMAIL Subscribe to imail Email Submit Home Get organized About News Departments Territories Resources MNPL How to Support Boeing South Carolina Workers iMail February 7, 2017 Follow Workers at the Boeing South Carolina 787 assembly plants looking for respect on the job are battling a major anti-union campaign filled with lies and misrepresentation by management. Workers and their families are facing a barrage of television and radio ads urging them against joining the IAM. Voice your support on the Boeing Workers at South Carolina – BSC Facebook page. With help from their union-busting law firm, Boeing management is stooping to new lows in their efforts to keep workers from joining the IAM. Boeing management even went as far as setting up a table full of diapers and children’s clothes in the break room, in an effort to show employees what they can buy with a year’s worth of dues. Nearly 3,000 workers at the North Charleston facilities will have the opportunity to vote yes for the IAM on February 15. Go to the Boeing Workers at South Carolina Facebook page and let them know you support them in their fight for union representation. RELATED ARTICLES ‘Solidarity Lunch Walks’ Help Milwaukee Members Secure New Contract Read more Snowstorm Be Damned; California Army Depot Workers Vote IAM Read more Don’t Believe Anti-Union Hype, Cadence Workers Say Read more MOST POPULAR NEWS / ARTICLES Happy Holidays from IAM Grand Lodge Read more Machinists Show Giving Spirit this Holiday Season Read more Boeing Workers in South Carolina to Vote on Union Representation Read more MOST RECENT NEWS / ARTICLES ‘Solidarity Lunch Walks’ Help Milwaukee Members Secure New Contract Read more Snowstorm Be Damned; California Army Depot Workers Vote IAM Read more Don’t Believe Anti-Union Hype, Cadence Workers Say Read more Get IAM MOBILE 4.0 IAM Mobile 4.0 offers more features and functions to read and share information about our union and the important issues we face as working families. This app combines all of the IAM's popular online functions such as the IAM Journal, the Machinists News Network on demand video service, the IAM webpage GOiam.org, iMail, an IAM Photo Gallery, the IAM Facebook Page, and lots more -- all in one easy-to-access App for tablets and smartphones. Social Wall Join the IAM Contact us History / Timeline iMail Signup Press Releases Events Calendar Resources Member rights IAM Store Trust Fund Pension Fund IAM RSS Feeds WWW Center IAM Journal Union Member Rights and Officer Responsibilities Under the LMRDA The Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act (LMRDA) guarantees certain rights to union members and imposes certain responsibilities on union officers. More Privacy & Policies Sitemap © 2016 IAMAW
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager When parts are as great as the whole Ashwini Phadnis comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet The creators Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft are assembled in a Boeing facility in Washington. Composite beams for the Dreamliners are manufactured by TAL Manufacturing Solutions, a Tata enterprise in Nagpur. The 5,000 th floor beam was shipped out recently You may not know it yet, but critical components of international aircraft are made in India, writes Ashwini Phadnis India’s attempt to make a commercial aircraft for the global market might not have met with much success so far but this does not mean that the journey is over. On the contrary, the picture that is emerging is very promising. The work done by Indian companies, someexclusively by them, is a big factor in making both Boeing and Airbus aircraft fly. While the full aircraft may not be manufactured in India, both Boeing and Airbus aircraft have critical parts being manufactured here. Take for instance Dynamatic Technologies, which is the sole supplier for flat track beams for Airbus A-320 and A-330 aircraft. These beams are manufactured in India and dispatched to Europe where they are fitted into the assembly lines and then delivered to customers. Talking to BusinessLine, Srinivasan Dwarakanath, Managing Director, Airbus India, pointed out that this was a big deal as Dynamatic is a single source supplier. “When you qualify someone as a single source it is not enough that they have the necessary skills, (it is) important (to ensure) that the logistics are taken care of, important that the material is supplied to them every step of the way and they need to be taken care of so that they actually deliver. This is important because we commit to the customer and the customer sells tickets to you and me. So if they cannot deliver you can see the impact,” Dwarakanath said. He added that all Airbus aircraft coming out of its assembly line were partly made in India or had something made in India. “If you look at the Airbus 320, 330 or the long-range aircraft that we make like 350 or 380, there are either assemblies or different parts which are made in India,” he said. Engineering, manufacturing and customer support are the three broad areas, apart from R&D, where Airbus focuses its energies in India. Airbus’ rival Boeing too is not far behind. In fact, its aircraft have a ‘Made in India’ tag. Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India, told BusinessLine that if one is to take the number of products from India in an entire aircraft it will probably be small but the jobs done by Indian companies are very important.Software coding too “In some areas they (Indian companies) have done pretty well. For example, like software in avionics (a lot of the) embedded stuff is coming from India. Three million lines of code for the Boeing 787 were written in India. So the software for the flight control system was written in India. This is basically the system that controls the flight of an aircraft or the avionics,” he explained. Pointing out that an aircraft is a highly engineered product, Kumar added that India, with its deep and broad capabilities in engineering and a very competitive wage structure, is well positioned to be a significant part of the global chain of aerospace and aviation. One of the biggest success stories for Boeing in India has been composite beams, which are considered the spine of the aircraft on which its internal stress is carried. These are manufactured for the Boeing 787 Dreamliners by TAL Manufacturing Solutions, a Tata enterprise in Nagpur. The 5,000th floor beam of this stress bearing critical component involving very high tech and skilled manufacturing was shipped out recently. “For the beam, India is one of the two production centres in the world. The other one is in California. At this time, we are seeing better quality from India,” Kumar said. Both Boeing and Airbus tied up with suppliers in India decades ago. Airbus’ industrial cooperation with India began in the 1980s when an agreement was reached with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) to manufacture forward passenger doors for the A-320 aircraft. Boeing started procuring the forward doors for the 757 in the mid to late 1990s and in 1991, HAL became the single-source producer of Boeing 757 over-wing exit doors.Stronger partnerships The partnerships have been strengthened over the years. Today Airbus has about 45 suppliers which it has developed over the last 10 years. “If you look at Asia, India is the number one country when it comes to engineering services for Airbus,” says Dwarkanath. However, the momentum has picked up even more recently, thanks largely to the ‘Make in India’ campaign by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “After the launch of ‘Make in India’, Boeing has doubled its sourcing from India,” Kumar says. Its sourcing from company and Tier I (direct) suppliers has doubled in recent years and stands at about half a billion dollars, Kumar added. Airbus’ Dwarakanath points out that in 2015 Airbus’s sourcing from India was a little over $500 million. “We do expect future growth in our supply chain in India and we continue to look at opportunities to collaborate with Indian industry, based on companies’ competitiveness as well as the requirements for our airplane production,” Kumar said. (This article was published on February 7, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Airbus keen to involve Indian suppliers in co-designing aircraft parts Tata Advanced Materials to provide interior panels for Boeing’s P-8 aircraft TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Auto sector awaits breaks beyond Budget Drumsticks beat back poverty in arid zones Merc’s new gen E-Class is here finally Toyota, Suzuki come closer in new Japanese wave Suzuki drives India’s car manufacturing story Kuldhara’s mysterious past When parts are as great as the whole How professionals UpGrad(e) to entrepreneurs Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Commodity market development needs focused regulatory push, Jaitley tells SEBI 7 min. ago Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-point common minimum programme for UP 32 min. ago Sasikala seeks appointment with Governor today 43 min. ago ITC plans to set up mutli-speciality hospitals 56 min. ago TN Education Minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp 1 hr. 35 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Flight Plan The little blue bird is waiting for take-off Airports in the country are yet to leverage Twitter’s reach among their customers » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > MRO > AFI KLM E&M Adds Cayman Airways to Component Program You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN AFI KLM E&M Adds Cayman Airways to Component Program Feb 7, 2017 James Pozzi | MRO Network EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement AFI KLM E&M will provide full component support to Cayman Airways for a Boeing 737-800 aircraft it added to its fleet in December 2016. Under the Boeing Component Services Program its run since 2005, AFI KLM E&M will have total control over parts activities, which include technical assistance, logistics and inventory pool access. The aircraft had been supported by AFI KLM E&M when it was with its previous operator, before going into the fleet of the Cayman Islands flag carrier. The deal, which was finalized in just a matter of weeks, is the first between the aftermarket specialist and Cayman Airways. Franck Becker, VP sales Americas AFI KLM E&M, said “In demonstrating our flexibility and understanding towards Cayman Airways’ unique operational requirements, we earned their trust with our experience and our ability to manage this type of program.” View Original Article Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles AFI KLM E&M Aims For 8% Share Of Component MRO Market   AFI KLM Seeks 8% Of Component MRO Market AFI-KLM Engineering & Maintenance and Enerjet inked a five-year, exclusive contract   Deals Announced At MRO Europe Orders & Announcements At The Paris Air Show: Day 3 1 Advertisement MRO Links - Current Edition   View Digital Edition PAST ISSUES: January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016   Advertisement MRO Links Numbers Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Transportation BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory Benjamin Zhang Feb. 4, 2017, 9:19 AM 40,041 facebook linkedin twitter email print A Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner.Boeing For a company like Boeing, President Donald Trump’s "America First" policies, which represent a sharp departure for the US, threaten the way the corporation does business. Take its 787 Dreamliner. It’s a flying symbol of an interconnected world economy, one with a network of global suppliers that would be hard to unravel with government policies, and a global group of customers waiting to buy the plans. The Dreamliner is like the United Nations of planes: Its wings and batteries come from Japan. Its wing tips come from South Korea. India is the source of its floor beams. The front fuselage is made in the USA and Japan. The center fuselage and horizontal stabilizers are from Italy. Landing gear and doors? France. Cargo access doors are built in Sweden. The wing/body fairings, which cover gaps on the body, are from Canada. The movable trailing edge of the wings are from Canada, except when they’re from the US or Australia. Thrust reversers come from Mexico. Its engines come from either General Electric in the US or Rolls-Royce in the UK. What's made where.Skye Gould/BI Graphics After all that, the components travel around the world before arriving at one of Boeing's factories in Washington or South Carolina, where they’re assembled into finished planes. Then, they’re delivered to more than 60 airlines worldwide. The Trump administration’s foreign policy and stances on trade and defense could have significant effects on how multinational companies do business. While a company such as Boeing supports a massive manufacturing presence in the US, it has cultivated a broad network of international partners that have invested decades and billions of dollars into relationships with Boeing. These partners have deep ties to their local governments and business communities, but the new administration’s hardline stance on globalization threatens those bonds. And for Boeing, it could give its main rival, Airbus, a serious leg up. NAFTA and the war on trade As the Trump White House dials up the tough talk on trade, there are few companies as potentially affected by policies and changes as Boeing. This is especially true for the nondefense half of its business, Boeing Commercial Airplanes, which makes the Dreamliner. First, take the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), that pact between the US, Canada, and Mexico that for more than two decades has created a free market in the region. While controversial leading up to its inception, the furor over NAFTA died down in recent years — until being reignited by Trump, who has vowed to renegotiate or even scrap the agreement. A Boeing Dreamliner flies over Washington, DC.Boeing Now with NAFTA's future in doubt, and Trump's plan to build a multibillion-dollar wall on the Mexican border — paid for with a 20% tax on Mexican imports — Boeing could suffer. First, there are those thrust reversers built in Mexico; they would instantly become a lot more expensive. There are customers at stake. Mexico's flag carrier, AeroMexico, flies an all-Boeing fleet, while its two local rivals, Interjet and Volaris, are loyal customers of Airbus, the European giant. If Mexico retaliates against US tariffs by instituting its own border tax for goods coming into the country, Boeing planes could become a lot more expensive and lead AeroMexico to choose Airbus over Boeing. "A 20% tax on the planes is huge and basically makes any Boeing product uneconomical for Mexican customers." Vinay Bhaskara, a senior business analyst at Airways, told Business Insider. "Boeing either becomes unprofitable in that market or they simply can’t sell outside of the US." For every Boeing plane, Airbus has an equivalent competitor. If you’re thinking about buying a Boeing 737, you’re also looking at the Airbus A320, for instance. They’re generally priced similarly too. "If Trump's policies damage Boeing, Airbus would be the big beneficiary," Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at aviation-consulting firm Teal Group, told Business Insider. China and the Middle East Boeing believes China could buy as much as $1 trillion worth of commercial airplanes over the next 20 years. There’s a lot of demand there for widebody jets like the 787 Dreamliner. A China Southern Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner.Flickr/byeangel But Trump’s policies and rhetoric toward China could put that at risk. Trump has accused China of playing games with its currency, to the detriment of US business. He’s openly challenged the One China Policy that's maintained the fragile peace between China and Taiwan. He’s criticized China for its artificial islands in the South China Sea. None of this pleases the people who hold the trillion-dollar market’s purse strings — the Chinese government and its massive state-owned airlines. "China is easily the biggest area of concern for Boeing," Aboulafia said. "China is very big, and they account for 20% to 25% of Boeing’s output right now." Two other countries planning to buy a lot of Boeing airplanes are Iran and Iraq. The Iraqi government has 18 Boeing 737-800s on order as well as 10 787-8 Dreamliners. In total, it’s worth about $3.7 billion. The Boeing 787 production line in Washington state.Boeing Boeing is also trying to complete a deal with Iranian leaders for an 80-plane order. That could be worth $16 billion, though likely less at negotiated prices. But now Trump is president. His executive order, which temporarily bans immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries, includes Iran and Iraq, which responded with similar measures. The Trump administration put Iran "on notice" after the country tested a ballistic missile, and relations between the nations, tenuous but improving since the nuclear deal, appear to be worsening. Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017 As with with China, these deals are at risk if the Persian Gulf governments feel aggrieved by the new administration’s policies. Made in America Trump rode into office on a populist platform promising to reinvigorate American manufacturing. As a candidate and as president, he’s used his own bully pulpit, and Twitter account, to shame companies like Carrier that plan to move jobs to other countries. But for Boeing, with that international supply chain, switching many of its internationally sourced components for aircraft such as the 787 to a new US supplier is "basically impossible," said Aboulafia. That's because, unlike traditional supplier networks, many of Boeing's suppliers are full partners that have invested their own money in the development of the 787’s parts with the idea that they would make money off their investment throughout the life of the program. I think he thinks this is kind of like importing cement for casinos, where you can just switch your source for the cement. "I think he thinks this is kind of like importing cement for casinos, where you can just switch your source for the cement," Aboulafia said. "Trump may have the idea that they can shift sources, but the airplane industry doesn’t work that way." "Contracts tend to run the life of the program rather than we feel like buying from X one year and Y the next year," he added. Take the Dreamliner’s Japanese-built wings as an example. If Boeing were willing and able to disentangle itself from that complex international supplier relationship, Aboulafia said it would require reimbursing the Japanese and other companies that invested in the development and production of wings. Instead of being paid over the lifetime of the 787 program — about 30 years — Boeing would have to fully pay back the supplier to the tune of billions of dollars. Then Boeing would have to find an American company willing to invest in creating alternatives as there are no US companies producing equivalent parts. Tweet Force One The current Boeing VC-25A that serves as Air Force One.AP A few weeks after Election Day, Trump sent a tweet that had a single target: Boeing. "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Trump wrote. Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 Boeing, blindsided by the tweet, was forced to quickly issue a statement noting that it’s only "under contract" for $170 million to determine the capabilities of the new plane. But the fact that companies can unexpectedly come into the president’s crosshairs, often with no warning, is the new reality for those doing business in the US. And these tweets and statements can influence a company’s perception among the public — and apply pressure to change how they run their businesses. Thanks, Trump? Trump in 1985 with an artist's concept of "Television City," a project that would have been built on the West Side of Manhattan, New York. It never happened.Marty Lederhandler/AP That’s not to say that the new administration is all bad news for Boeing and other multinationals. "Most of the good Trump can do for Boeing comes from what's generically good for corporate America," Bhaskara said. The Trump administration plans cuts to corporate tax rates, and there’s talk of making it easier to repatriate the money that companies like Boeing earn abroad. And the president could come to Boeing’s aid in its battle with Airbus, which has long enjoyed subsidies from European governments. Boeing contends that’s an unfair advantage, and the matter is being litigated at the World Trade Organization. "If there are specific things Trump can achieve in terms of reducing European subsidies to Airbus, then I would think that helps Boeing compete a little bit," Simon Lester, a Cato Institute trade-policy analyst, told Business Insider. It is customary for presidents to help push for sales of major US industrial products while on foreign visits. In fact, President Barack Obama once remarked that he deserved to a gold watch from the company because he's constantly selling Boeing products. If he so chooses, Trump, the consummate salesman, could be Boeing’s best marketing tool. NOW WATCH: There's a $10 million precious stone hidden in plain sight at Grand Central Loading video... More: BItranpo Boeing Trump BIQ BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory For a company like Boeing, President Donald... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Transportation Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Heroux-Devtek Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results LONGUEUIL, QUEBEC — (Marketwired) — 02/07/17 — Heroux-Devtek Inc. (TSX: HRX), (“Heroux-Devtek” or the “Corporation”), a leading international manufacturer of aerospace products, today reported its results for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 ended December 31, 2016. Unless otherwise indicated, all amounts are in Canadian dollars. “Our ability to ramp-up production and deliveries of complete landing gear systems for the Boeing 777 aircraft was a key factor in Heroux-Devtek’s third-quarter sales increase. We are also very pleased to have obtained customer approval for one of the three main surface treatment processes at our Strongsville, Ohio facility which will allow us to perform this key value-added activity internally. As anticipated, certain excess costs pending the completion of the approval phase and normal costs related to the production ramp-up had a negative impact on profitability,” said Gilles Labbe, President and CEO of Heroux-Devtek. “During the quarter, Heroux-Devtek was awarded three contracts that highlight its status as one of the world’s leading landing gear designers and manufacturers. These contracts on important programs such as the Embraer KC-390 multi-mission transport aircraft, the BAE Systems Hawk advanced jet trainer and the Saab Gripen E fighter are a testament of our solid relationships with leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) as well as our global reach,” added Mr. Labbe. However, as some OEMs have announced reductions to their production rates for certain aircraft programs, including the Boeing 777, Heroux-Devtek will have to adjust its workforce by approximately 90 employees by the end of calendar 2017 throughout its offices and plants. The Corporation expects a related non-recurring charge of approximately $4.8 million to be accounted for, mainly in the last quarter of fiscal 2017. “In response to evolving market conditions, Heroux-Devtek is acting diligently by adjusting its workforce, while remaining in close contact with its customers to monitor the situation. We regret the consequences of this decision on affected employees and their families and we will take equitable measures to provide them with all the support they deserve,” said Mr. Labbe. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS      Quarters ended Dec. 31, Nine months ended Dec. 31,
(in thousands of dollars,
 except per share data)          2016        2015          2016         2015
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales                          98,489      96,561       285,650      289,316
EBITDA(1)                      13,851      15,666        45,573       41,877
Adjusted EBITDA(1)             13,851      15,666        42,267       43,357
Net income                      8,175       7,010        22,873       17,550
  Per share - diluted ($)        0.23        0.19          0.63         0.49
Adjusted net income(1)          6,015       7,010        17,276       18,559
  Per share ($)                  0.17        0.19          0.48         0.52
Weighted-average shares
 outstanding (diluted, in
 '000s)                        36,327      36,168        36,294       36,099
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) This is a non-IFRS measure. Please refer to the "Non-IFRS Measures"
section at the end of this press release.

 THIRD QUARTER RESULTS Consolidated sales reached $98.5 million, compared with $96.6 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. This increase reflects higher sales to the defence aerospace markets, as detailed below, while year-over-year fluctuations in the value of the Canadian currency versus foreign currencies had a positive impact of $1.7 million on third-quarter sales. Commercial sales were $50.7 million, versus $50.8 million last year. This stability reflects the ongoing production ramp-up related to the long-term agreement to supply The Boeing Company (“Boeing”) with complete landing gear systems for the Boeing 777 and 777X aircraft, as well as favourable currency fluctuations, offset by lower customer requirements for certain business jet and large commercial aircraft programs. Defence sales rose from $45.8 million to $47.7 million. This increase is essentially attributable to higher new and spare part requirements from civil customers, notably for the F-35 program, as well as favourable currency fluctuations, partially offset by lower engineering sales following the completion of certain development phases. Gross profit was $15.0 million, or 15.3% of sales, versus $18.1 million, or 18.7% of sales, last year. The decrease is mainly due to a higher under-absorption of costs, including excess processing and finishing costs related to the Boeing 777 program. These costs are expected to normalize upon completion of the customer qualification and approval of Heroux-Devtek’s surface treatment processes. To a lesser extent, normal learning curve costs associated with the initial production ramp-up of the Boeing 777 contract and certain costs related to completing the integration of repair and overhaul facilities in the U.K. also impacted profitability. These factors were partially offset by favourable year-over-year currency fluctuations equivalent to 2.9% of sales. EBITDA reached $13.9 million, or 14.1% of sales, compared with $15.7 million, or 16.2% of sales, a year ago as a result of lower gross profit, partially offset by a reduction in selling and administrative expenses reflecting the year-over-year variations in the currency translation of net monetary items. Net income reached $8.2 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Excluding non-recurring items net of taxes, adjusted net income was $6.0 million, or $0.17 per share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2017, versus $7.0 million, or $0.19 per share, in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. This year’s adjusted net income excluded an after-tax amount of $2.2 million related to a non-cash gain resulting from the update of the estimated repayment schedule for certain government authorities loans, taking into account revised assumptions mainly related to sales forecasts made following reduced production rates announced by OEMs. NINE-MONTH RESULTS For the first nine months of fiscal 2017, consolidated sales reached $285.7 million, versus $289.3 million in the first nine months of fiscal 2016. Year-over-year fluctuations in the value of the Canadian currency versus foreign currencies increased sales by $6.8 million. Commercial sales reached $150.0 million, versus $152.2 million a year ago, while defence sales totalled $135.6 million, compared with $137.1 million last year. Gross profit for the first nine months of fiscal 2017 amounted to $47.2 million, equivalent to 16.5% of sales, compared with $52.1 million, or 18.0% of sales, in the first nine months of fiscal 2016. Adjusted EBITDA reached $42.3 million, or 14.8% of sales, versus $43.4 million, or 15.0% of sales, a year earlier. Net income was $22.9 million, or $0.63 per diluted share, in the first nine months of fiscal 2017, compared with $17.6 million, or $0.49 per diluted share, in the first nine months of fiscal 2016. Adjusted net income stood at $17.3 million, or $0.48 per share, versus $18.6 million, or $0.52 per share, last year. FINANCIAL POSITION As at December 31, 2016, Heroux-Devtek’s balance sheet remained healthy with cash and cash equivalents of $18.9 million, while total long-term debt was $138.7 million, including the current portion, but excluding net deferred financing costs. Long-term debt includes $56.4 million drawn against the Corporation’s authorized Credit Facility of $200.0 million. As a result of a solid free cash flow generation, the net debt position was $119.9 million as at December 31, 2016, down from $130.4 million three months earlier. The net-debt-to equity ratio stood at 0.35:1 as at December 31, 2016, versus 0.39:1 three months earlier. UPDATE ON B-777 AND B-777X CONTRACT During the third quarter of fiscal 2017, Heroux-Devtek continued the ongoing production ramp-up of complete landing gear systems for this program. It also received customer approval for one of the three main surface treatment processes required under this contract in order to produce the most critical components internally. Customer qualification and approval is progressing for the remainder of the surface treatment processes. Management expects this phase to be completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2018. In the meantime, the Corporation continues to utilize its supply chain in order to meet the customer’s delivery schedule, which is negatively impacting the expected margin of the first units delivered. SALES GUIDANCE Since the end of the previous quarter, aircraft OEMs have announced reduced production rates for certain programs, including the Boeing 777. As a result of these changes in assumptions related to forecasted sales, management: 

--  Now expects relatively stable sales in fiscal 2017, when compared to
    fiscal 2016;

--  Forecasts a low single-digit decrease in sales for the fiscal year
    ending March 31, 2018, when compared to expected sales for fiscal 2017;

--  Following a transition year in fiscal 2018, Heroux-Devtek expects sales
    to grow progressively to reach between $480 million and $520 million in
    fiscal 2021.

 Please see “Forward-Looking Statements” below and the Guidance section in the Corporation’s MD&A for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, for further details regarding the material assumptions underlying the foregoing guidance. OUTLOOK In the large commercial aircraft sector, Boeing and Airbus are proceeding with production rate adjustments ahead of introducing certain more fuel efficient aircraft variants on several leading programs through calendar 2019. Their backlogs remain strong despite a reduction in new firm orders in calendar 2016 versus the previous year. In the defence aerospace market, the new U.S. administration may bring a shift in priorities, the impact of which on defence spending is uncertain at this time. The Corporation’s U.K. operations provide a more geographically diversified defence portfolio, which reduces its relative exposure to the U.S. market. The balance between new component manufacturing and aftermarket products and services in the Corporation’s defence portfolio and its leading program content also promote more stability. As at December 31, 2016, Heroux-Devtek’s funded (firm orders) backlog stood at $424 million, versus $437 million three months earlier. “For the short-term, our priority is to finalize the customer approval process for our surface treatment activities. Given the progress accomplished to this day, we expect to finalize this important phase early in the new fiscal year. We also remain focussed on ramping up production and meeting delivery schedules for the Boeing 777 contract. As for the longer term, our integrated world-class capabilities, ability to carry out large-scale mandates, operating flexibility and solid financial position will allow Heroux-Devtek to capture additional opportunities to further expand its reach in its niche market,” concluded Mr. Labbe. CONFERENCE CALL Heroux-Devtek Inc. will hold a conference call to discuss these results on Tuesday, February 7, 2017 at 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Interested parties can join the call by dialling 1-877-223-4471 (North America) or 1-647-788-4922 (overseas). The conference call can also be accessed via live webcast at Heroux-Devtek’s website, www.herouxdevtek.com/investor-relations/events or www.gowebcasting.com/8299. If you are unable to call in at this time, you may access a tape recording of the meeting by calling 1-800-585-8367 and entering the passcode 51952253 on your phone. This tape recording will be available on Tuesday, February 7, 2017 as of 1:00 PM Eastern Time until 11:59 PM Eastern Time on Tuesday, February 14, 2017. PROFILE Heroux-Devtek Inc. (TSX: HRX) is an international company specializing in the design, development, manufacture and repair and overhaul of landing gear and actuation systems and components for the Aerospace market. The Corporation is the third largest landing gear company worldwide, supplying both the commercial and defence sectors of the Aerospace market with new landing gear systems and components, as well as aftermarket products and services. The Corporation also manufactures hydraulic systems, fluid filtration systems and electronic enclosures. Approximately 80% of the Corporation’s sales are outside Canada, including about 55% in the United States. The Corporation’s head office is located in Longueuil, Quebec with facilities in the Greater Montreal area (Longueuil, Laval and St-Hubert); Kitchener, Cambridge and Toronto, Ontario; Springfield and Strongsville, Ohio; Wichita, Kansas; Everett, Washington; and Runcorn, Nottingham and Bolton, United Kingdom. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for historical information provided herein, this press release contains information and statements of a forward-looking nature concerning the future performance of the Corporation. Forward looking statements include the guidance, forecasts and outlook provided under “Sale Guidance” and “Outlook” in this press release. These statements are based on assumptions and uncertainties as well as on management’s best possible evaluation of future events. Such factors may include, without excluding other considerations, fluctuations in quarterly results, evolution in customer demand for the Corporation’s products and services, the impact of price pressures exerted by competitors, and general market trends or economic changes. As a result, readers are advised that actual results may differ from expected results. Please see the Guidance section in the Corporation’s MD&A for the quarter ended December 31, 2016, for further details regarding the material assumptions underlying the forecasts and guidance under “Sales Guidance” in this press release. Such forecasts and guidance are provided for the purpose of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance and prospects and to present management’s assessment of future plans and operations, and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. NON-IFRS MEASURES Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share are financial measures not prescribed by International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and are not likely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Management considers these to be useful information to assist investors in evaluating the Corporation’s profitability, liquidity and ability to generate funds to finance its operations. Refer to Non-IFRS financial measures under Operating Results in the Corporation’s MD&A for definitions of these measures and reconciliations to the most comparable IFRS measures. Note to readers: Complete unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and Management’s Discussion & Analysis are available on Heroux-Devtek’s website at www.herouxdevtek.com. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, capture, Companies, company, defence, general, jet, Markets, section, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Civicom Webinar: The Top Ten Trends In Marketing Research 2017 Next PostNext SkinFresh MD Announces the Launch of its New Twitter Account Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Real-Time Boeing data to optimize Etihad Airways' operational efficiency 07 February, 2017 Boeing Wind Updates services to increase situational awareness and fuel savings 07 February 2017 Seattle – Boeing [NYSE:BA] today announced that Etihad Airways has signed a four-year contract to introduce the Boeing Wind Updates solution into their operations. The optimization tool from Boeing will increase efficiency and reduce fuel consumption across the airline’s global operations. By integrating the Wind Updates offering from Boeing Commercial Aviation Services, Etihad Airways will be able to leverage real-time information to improve inflight airplane performance based on atmospheric conditions. Boeing Wind Updates will optimize flight operations fleet-wide for Etihad Airways.   “Improved decision making by our flight crews and reduced fuel consumption are two of the hallmark features of the programme that we look forward to implementing with this agreement,” said Richard Hill, chief operations officer at Etihad Airways. “Being aware of real-time wind data and their related conditions will enhance situational awareness in the flight deck, enabling us to fly the most efficient routes possible.” More current and accurate weather data allows for more effective use of modern aircraft capabilities and is expected to reduce fuel consumption for Etihad Airways by an average of 200-400 lbs (90-180 kgs) of fuel per flight. Overall, Boeing Wind Updates will improve in-flight performance for Etihad Airways aircraft by providing customized, real-time wind and temperature information during every flight anywhere in the world.   Advertisement “Helping customers drive increased operational efficiency through our integrated portfolio of flight optimization solutions allows airlines to improve bottom line results,” said David Longridge, vice president, Sales and Marketing, Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. “Wind Updates is a key component of these optimization services and we look forward to assisting Etihad Airways in reaching their operational goals.” -Ends- Follow us on Twitter @BoeingMidEast For more information, contact: Dana Salloum  Middle East Communications, Boeing International Mobile: +971 5 0228 9791 Dana.I.Salloum@boeing.com Brian Rantala Boeing Digital Aviation Communications +1-303-328-4370 brian.rantala@jeppesen.com John Greenway Etihad Airways Tel: + 971 2 511 1520  Email:   jgreenway@etihad.ae More information:   ·         http://www.boeing.com/boeing/commercial/aviationservices/integrated-services/digital-airline.page ·         http://www.boeing.com/boeing/commercial/aviationservices/flight-services/atm/inflight.page           © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: united states uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK selected World Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability England selected Regions Somerset selected Somerset Somerset Boeing says new UK base is 'no threat' to Leonardo 7 February 2017 From the section Somerset Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-somerset-38890921 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright PA Image caption In May the government awarded US firm Boeing a contract to build 50 Apache helicopters US firm Boeing says its plans for a new UK base will not threaten jobs at Leonardo Helicopters in Yeovil, despite concerns by Lord Ashdown and others. The government recently gave Boeing permission to build a new factory in Boscombe Down, creating 1,000 jobs. Boeing spokesman Nick Whitney said: "It is not our intention to move any work to Boscombe Down that is currently carried out in Yeovil." Concerns remain after Boeing won a contract to build 50 Apaches last year. 'Bad faith' The BBC understands that managers at Leonardo Helicopters are privately very concerned, as are Unite, the trade union, and Paddy Ashdown, the former Liberal Democrat Yeovil MP. Boeing has said the new "centre of excellence" which will be built on Ministry of Defence-owned land will be used to maintain and repair its military planes and helicopters. Mr Whitney said: "Our aim of fixed-wing business growth is going to be centred on Boscombe Down, and that doesn't affect the rotary wing activity in Yeovil." A sought-after contract to build 50 Apache helicopters for the MoD was won by Boeing in May, in what was seen as a huge blow to Leonardo. Instead the Yeovil-based firm was awarded the maintenance side of the contract. Lord Ashdown said: "Here they are encouraging Boeing to seriously damage the viability of Yeovil's capacity to continue to produce helicopters and maintain them and at the same time, undermine the government's own deal with Leonardo in a way which will at the very least, in my view, cause Leonardo to shout very angrily 'bad faith'." Unite spokesman Heathcliffe Pettifer said: "We know that Leonardo lost the 50 Apache helicopters to Boeing. There are no packages of work in respect of that for the Yeovil site. "But we were promised that there would be service and maintenance contracts and with the announcement of the centre of excellence at Boscombe Down, that looks to be up in the air now." Analysis by Clinton Rogers, BBC Somerset There's no doubt the confusion the Boeing announcement has caused is unsettling for workers in Yeovil. Boeing's cause wasn't helped by a leaked document which implied its new base at Boscombe Down would be a European centre for maintenance of military planes and helicopters. Now, in what some see as a "backtracking" from its original position, Boeing are saying it is not "their intention" to move any work to Boscombe Down which is currently done in Yeovil. But that stops short of a guarantee - so understandably the workers and the unions at Leonardo are nervous. The government, too, has moved to reassure people that it is committed to maintaining a UK helicopter industry. But the big question is, what will happen in the long term when the US giant has a foothold here? How will that impact on an aviation industry with a long and proud history in Somerset? Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story GKN closure 'betrayal to workers' says Unite 18 November 2016 GKN Aerospace confirms it will close down in 2017 17 November 2016 Merlin helicopter £269m surveillance system deal sustains jobs 16 January 2017 Related Internet links Ministry of Defence - GOV.UK Leonardo in the UK Unite the union - Britain & Ireland's biggest trade union The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Trump considers issuing new travel ban The US president tells reporters on Air Force One that a "brand new order" may be issued next week. 11 February 2017 Written warning for Labour Brexit rebels 11 February 2017 NZ rescuers refloat 100 stranded whales 11 February 2017 Features NHS special Is the health service in a complete mess? Kremlin misinformation? Nato speaks out against viral news outlet Week in pictures Some of the world's most striking news photographs Video Back in control 'How I overcame anorexia and bulimia' Painting by numbers Illuminating facts about the UK's art collection Mother's love A 'powerful demonstration of nurturing' or too much? 10 things Dogs mirror owners' personalities and more news nuggets News navigation England Sections England Regions Somerset selected Home UK selected UK Home England selected N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
February 11, 2017 Search for: Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ February 10, 2017 ] Live coverage: SpaceX mounts first rocket on launch pad 39A Falcon 9 [ February 8, 2017 ] SpaceX readies rocket for tests at historic pad 39A Falcon 9 [ February 7, 2017 ] Tornado strikes NASA’s Michoud plant in New Orleans News [ February 6, 2017 ] NASA okays commercial airlock for space station News [ February 6, 2017 ] Iridium to share Falcon 9 launch with NASA-German gravity satellites News Twitter Facebook NASA okays commercial airlock for space station February 6, 2017 Stephen Clark Artist’s concept of the NanoRacks airlock attached to the space station’s Tranquility module. Credit: NanoRacks A commercial airlock built in partnership by NanoRacks and Boeing will be connected to the International Space Station in 2019, the companies announced Monday, after the proposed project won preliminary approval from NASA managers. NanoRacks plans to deploy small commercial satellites and CubeSats from the airlock, reducing the workload currently occupying time on the smaller equipment airlock inside the Japanese Kibo laboratory module. Only half of the Kibo airlock’s capacity is allocated to NASA and commercial clients — the rest goes to Japan. “This partnership is an important step in the commercial transition we’ll see on the ISS in coming years,” said Mark Mulqueen, Boeing’s ISS program manager. “Utilizing a commercial airlock to keep up with the demand of deployment will significantly streamline our process.” NanoRacks has arranged for the launch of more than 375 payloads to the space station since 2009, including more than 100 CubeSats released from a deployer mounted on the end of the Japanese robotic arm outside Kibo for commercial customers, universities and NASA. Houston-based NanoRacks also has an external platform outside Kibo, where scientists can test sensors, electronics and other equipment in the harsh environment of space. The privately-funded commercial airlock will launch inside the unpressurized trunk of a SpaceX Dragon cargo craft, then attach to a port on the station’s Tranquility module with the Canadian-built robotic arm. Another commercial module is already to connected to Tranquility. The Bigelow Expandable Activity Module, or BEAM, launched to the station in April 2016 under a NASA-funded contract. Developed and built by Bigelow Aerospace, the soft-sided module expanded to full size in late May after bolted on to the Tranquility module. BEAM is on a two-year demonstration to test the performance of an expandable module in space, but Bigelow and NASA are in discussions to extend the module’s presence on the station longer. NASA and NanoRacks signed a Space Act Agreement for the airlock project last year. The space agency announced Monday that it has committed to install the airlock on the station once NanoRacks completes pre-agreed financial and technical milestones outlined in the agreement. “We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation,” said Sam Scimemi, director of the ISS division at NASA Headquarters in Washington. “We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector.” The new airlock will triple the number of small satellites that can be deployed in a single cycle, according to Boeing. Artist’s concept of the NanoRacks airlock attached to the space station’s Tranquility module. Credit: NanoRacks Astronauts inside the station will also be able to assemble payloads from components delivered to the complex in bags, then put them through the NanoRacks airlock, which can handle larger packages than the sizes supported by the current Kibo passageway. Boeing is providing the passive common berthing mechanism, a connecting ring to install the new port on the Tranquility module, plus unspecified engineering services required for developing and manufacturing of the airlock, according to NanoRacks. “We are very pleased to have Boeing joining with us to develop the airlock module,” said Jeffrey Manber, CEO of NanoRacks. “This is a huge step for NASA and the U.S. space program, to leverage the commercial marketplace for low Earth orbit, on Space Station and beyond, and NanoRacks is proud to be taking the lead in this prestigious venture.” Boeing is also NASA’s lead contractor for the entire space station, providing engineering support for all of the lab’s U.S. modules. NanoRacks said the airlock could be detached from the ISS and placed on another platform in orbit. “The NanoRacks airlock module is the next logical step in the successful line of NanoRacks’ commercial payload facilities,” said Brock Howe, head of the airlock project at NanoRacks. “This airlock module will provide a broad range of capabilities to our payload customers and expand greatly on the commercial utilization of the station — and I look forward to leading the team at NanoRacks on this next venture.” The airlock module will be assembled and tested by NanoRacks, which is also responsible for the design, safety, operations, quality assurance, mockups and crew training, the company said in a statement. ATA Engineering of San Diego will lead structural and thermal analysis and testing services for the airlock project. Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Airlock Boeing Commercial Space CubeSats International Space Station NanoRacks NanoRacks Airlock Module Tranquility Related Articles News NASA clears commercial crew contractors to resume work October 9, 2014 Atlas 5 Launch America getting new access gantry for astronauts February 20, 2015 News UrtheCast says it will be largest commercial ISS user October 4, 2014 News Headlines Live coverage: SpaceX mounts first rocket on launch pad 39A February 10, 2017 SpaceX readies rocket for tests at historic pad 39A February 8, 2017 Tornado strikes NASA’s Michoud plant in New Orleans February 7, 2017 NASA okays commercial airlock for space station February 6, 2017 Iridium to share Falcon 9 launch with NASA-German gravity satellites February 6, 2017 Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Knowles Corporation (KN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for KAR Auction Services, Inc’s FY2016 Earnings (KAR) Zacks: Identiv, Inc. (INVE) Given $4.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: REX American Resources Corp (REX) Given $89.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (SFE) Given $21.50 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Zacks: Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. (SSD) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Boeing Company (The) (BA) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) was downgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued on Monday. They presently have a $157.59 price objective on the aircraft producer’s stock. Vetr‘s target price suggests a potential downside of 3.90% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on BA. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Argus boosted their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Standpoint Research cut shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $125.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $182.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $152.63. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.97% on Monday, reaching $163.98. 3,110,494 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $159.89 and a 200-day moving average of $143.53. Boeing Company has a 1-year low of $102.10 and a 1-year high of $170.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $101.20 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.55 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $9.28 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.46%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/boeing-company-the-ba-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-vetr-inc.html. In other Boeing Company (The) news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter worth approximately $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. MV Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. MV Capital Management Inc. now owns 919 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. 74.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Space & Science NASA gives its nod to NanoRacks for space station’s first commercial portal by Alan Boyle on February 6, 2017 at 10:48 amFebruary 6, 2017 at 11:15 am Comments   Share  62 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! In this artist’s conception, NanoRacks’ airlock module is the knobby-looking hardware attached to a port on the International Space Station’s Tranquility module. (NanoRacks Illustration) NASA has accepted a plan from a private venture called NanoRacks to provide the International Space Station with an air lock that would serve as its first commercial portal. The plan could serve as the model for the eventual development of entire space stations backed by the private sector. The NanoRacks Airlock Module is to be developed in cooperation with Boeing and could be fitted to the station’s Tranquility module by as early as 2019, NASA and Houston-based NanoRacks said today in a pair of announcements. For years, NanoRacks has been working on logistics with NASA and the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space, or CASIS, which manages non-NASA payloads for the space station. Scores of miniaturized satellites have been deployed into orbit through an air lock on the station’s Japanese-built Kibo module with the aid of NanoRacks’ deployer. The new air lock would let NanoRacks and its partners expand its commercial satellite deployment operation, and provide new opportunities for NASA as well as commercial ventures. “We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation,” Sam Scimemi, director of the ISS Division at NASA Headquarters, said in today’s announcement. “We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector.” Once NanoRacks has complied with the steps outlined in a Space Act Agreement reached with NASA last year, the space agency will give the official go-ahead for installation. Today, NanoRacks announced a side agreement that gives Boeing the task of fabricating and installing a critical component of the air lock, the Passive Common Berthing Mechanism. The PCBM hardware is the standard interface for connecting space station modules. “We are very pleased to have Boeing joining with us to develop the Airlock Module,” NanoRacks CEO Jeffrey Manber said. “This is a huge step for NASA and the U.S. space program, to leverage the commercial marketplace for low-Earth orbit, on space station and beyond, and NanoRacks is proud to be taking the lead in this prestigious venture.” NanoRacks said San Diego-based ATA Engineering will be in charge of structural and thermal analysis, testing services and support of the air lock. The Airlock Module is designed to be detached at a future time if desired. During last summer’s New Space conference in Seattle, Manber said it could serve as one of the initial building blocks for a commercial space station. “That air lock can leave the station at the proper time – four, five, six years from now – and attach to a commercial piece of real estate,” Manber said at the Seattle meeting. Other space ventures are pursuing a similar model, starting with commercial components for the space station that could be repurposed or refined for different orbital platforms. For example, Bigelow Aerospace provided an inflatable module for testing on the space station last year under the terms of a $17.8 million contract with NASA. A larger module could serve as the first piece of a commercial space station testbed that Bigelow is developing in cooperation with United Launch Alliance. Yet another private venture, Axiom Space, is working on a commercial orbital module that could be temporarily attached to the space station, and then detached to become the foundation for a private-sector outpost in orbit. NanoRacks’ Manber is no stranger to space commercialization: In the late 1990s, he was the CEO of MirCorp, a company that struck a deal with the Russians for commercial orbital activities during the final days of the Mir space station. For a time, MirCorp worked with NBC and “Survivor” producer Mark Burnett on a reality-TV space show tentatively titled “Destination Mir,” but when Mir flamed out in 2001, so did the TV project.           Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments Share  62 Tweet Share  7 Reddit Email Previous Story‘AWS on premises’ provider Stratoscale acquires database-as-a-service company Tesora Next StorySuper Bowl live stream breaks viewership records despite brief FOX Sports Go outages Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: commercial space • International space station • NanoRacks GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Former NASA space station manager makes plans for commercial outpost SpaceX gets ready to launch expandable module for NASA to test on space station Fabric too stiff? NASA gets set for second try to expand BEAM space module How NASA is remodeling the International Space Station, 15 years after moving in Previous Story‘AWS on premises’ provider Stratoscale acquires database-as-a-service company Tesora Next StorySuper Bowl live stream breaks viewership records despite brief FOX Sports Go outages Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Program Manager – Data ServicesWhitepages Security Software EngineerOfferUp Software Engineer, Test AutomationM87 × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Scientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Marijuana fans mix with space fans at The Goodship Company’s Seattle SETI salon Week in Geek: NBA goes big into eSports, and free shipping is costing Amazon big time Zillow loses $8.3M federal copyright lawsuit related to its Digs home design website Reports: White House considers rewriting immigration order instead of going directly to Supreme Court Startup Spotlight: Amazon vets launch crowdsourced decision-making app Abett Amazon spent just $103M on acquisitions last year, down sharply amid broader tech M&A slowdown Best way from A to B: Former Expedia vet raises $1.5M for stealthy transportation advice startup ‘Game of Thrones’ star wanders Greenland to capture spectacular Google Street View images Vesiflo raises $2.4M to bring bladder-controlling device to market GearedUp gets dressed up with a pair of Seattle’s first Snap Spectacles and a smart bike helmet Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers Ford partners with Google and Uber veterans at Argo AI for self-driving cars Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras It’ll take labor and luck to spot a subtle lunar eclipse and a groovy green comet It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Valve is working on three new virtual reality games, ‘not just experiments’ Q&A: Tech evangelist Robert Scoble predicts mixed reality devices will largely supplant smartphones Facebook announces audit by media watchdog after misreporting metrics in 2016 Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Here’s how to stream the Super Bowl for free, without a cable subscription Yes, another Amazon building: 17-story office project will expand new Seattle campus to 5th block Amazon soars to more than 341K employees — adding more than 110K people in a single year Elon Musk stirs up an epic tweetstorm over Donald Trump and America’s legal system Watch: Google’s Super Bowl commercial stars Google Home, its voice-activated smart speaker Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Microsoft’s AI group debuts customizable speech-to-text technology, rapidly expanding ‘cognitive services’ for developers Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining Twitter rant on aisle 7! Jeff Bezos slams NY Post report on automated Amazon grocery stores Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries New court filing: Google, Uber, Microsoft and nearly 100 others back Washington state case vs. Trump Trump administration seeks to reinstate immigration ban in court hearing Washington AG explains how Amazon, Expedia, and Microsoft influenced crucial victory over Trump At Seattle hearing, federal judge issues restraining order to halt Trump’s immigration ban nationwide SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Trending: Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Boeing stays silent while the fate of Iran Air deal remains up in the air under Trump by Jillian Stampher on February 6, 2017 at 2:22 pmFebruary 6, 2017 at 2:25 pm Comments  2 Share  14 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Early-bird tickets to the GW Bash end Friday! (Boeing Photo) As tensions with Iran increase under President Donald Trump, the future of Boeing’s $8 billion deal with Iran Air lingers in limbo. New sanctions imposed by the Trump administration on Friday don’t directly impact the pending sale, but they do represent the White House’s shift away from the Iran nuclear deal, which lifted sanctions and allowed Boeing’s negotiations to move ahead under President Barack Obama. Boeing announced the sale of 80 aircraft to Iran Air in December, saying it coordinated closely with the U.S. government to ensure the agreement went through.The total list price of the planes is $16.6 billion, but Iran said the actual price came to about half that amount. In the news release announcing the sale, Boeing spoke to Trump’s concerns about jobs. The company said the agreement would “support tens of thousands of U.S. jobs directly associated with production and delivery of the 777-300ERs and nearly 100,000 U.S. jobs in the U.S. aerospace value stream for the full course of deliveries.” The jobs angle doesn’t seem to have done much to protect the deal, however. Analysts say it’s unlikely to go through. “I just regard them [Boeing] as doomed, the deal is doomed,” said aviation analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group. “This administration seems to want sanctions back in place and tensions renewed, and that’s not a recipe for a jetliner deal being done.”   Iran Air has historically operated Boeing planes, including this 747-200 jet. (Press TV Photo) Boeing has remained quiet on recent actions Trump has taken against Iran, including blocking immigration from the country under an executive order aimed at securing U.S. borders. While companies such as Amazon, Microsoft and Expedia filed briefs in support of Washington state’s challenge to the immigration ban, Boeing has refused to comment. When asked whether the most recently announced financial sanctions could affect the Iran Air deal, a Boeing spokesman said the company will proceed with sale arrangements under its current license from the U.S. Treasury Department. “Should we receive new guidance from the Treasury Department, we will act accordingly,” spokesman Tim Neale said in an email. Among the issues yet to be resolved are the financial arrangements for the purchase, and the prospect of future congressional action. House Republicans have already introduced legislation that could raise new hurdles for the sale. Assuming that all the hurdles can be overcome, the first Boeing jets would be delivered next year. Meanwhile, Boeing’s European archrival, Airbus, last month delivered the first of 100 jets to Iran Air under the terms of a separate multibillion-dollar agreement. Aboulafia speculated that Boeing’s business priorities may be a factor behind the company’s reluctance to comment on the president’s recent actions. “They fight their battles carefully, and probably their highest priority right now is doing what they can do with China,” Aboulafia said. President Trump has proposed a 45 percent tariff on imports from China, which some fear could start a trade war. Boeing is the largest exporter in the U.S. and would probably be among the companies hurt the most in such a fight. In a September report, the company estimated that China will need 6,810 new planes worth $1.025 trillion over the next 20 years, which would make China its largest commercial airplane customer. China has threatened to shift contracts to Airbus in the event of a trade war.. Boeing remained mum on Trump’s tariff threats during his candidacy, but did promote trade relations with China in the September report. “The company is recognized as an industry leader in supporting a strong and robust U.S.-China trade relationship and remains committed to demonstrating the value of bilateral trade and advocating its continued growth,” the report said. Jillian Stampher is a journalist based out of Seattle with a focus on breaking news reporting and digital media. She previously worked as an editor and social media manager at NBC’s Breaking News mobile app and studied journalism at the University of Washington. Reach her at jillian@geekwire.com or @jillianstampher. Comments 2 Share  14 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Previous Story17 states back Washington and Minnesota in Trump immigration lawsuit Next Story‘Help the Lawyers’ uses social media to support immigration attorneys offering legal services to detainees Filed Under: Transportation  Tagged With: Aviation • Boeing • Donald Trump • Iran GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Boeing and Iran Air announce $16.6 billion jet deal, but what will Donald Trump do? Iranian reports hint at huge Boeing jet deal Donald Trump: U.S. should cancel Boeing contract for new Air Force One Bad news, good news: Boeing trims back 777 jet production while raising dividend Previous Story17 states back Washington and Minnesota in Trump immigration lawsuit Next Story‘Help the Lawyers’ uses social media to support immigration attorneys offering legal services to detainees Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses GeekWire Deals: Access thousands of high-quality icons, fonts, templates and more for a fraction of the cost Most Popular on GeekWire Super Bowl drones: Intel uses 300 ‘quadcopters’ for halftime light show with Lady Gaga Court documents show Tesla tweaked its Model 3 logo amid a trademark fight with adidas They’re here! Snapchat Spectacles vending machine pops up in Seattle Amazon’s Super Bowl ad features a Prime Air drone delivery ordered with Alexa Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Program Manager – Data ServicesWhitepages Security Software EngineerOfferUp Software Engineer, Test AutomationM87 A Word From Our Sponsors Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Early-bird tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Get your tickets today! Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Oman Air welcomes Boeing B737-800 to its fleet 07 February, 2017 07 February 2017 Oman Air, the national carrier of Oman, announced that a new Boeing B737-800 aircraft has joined its fleet as of Jan. 24. This new aircraft will be used on short and medium haul routes and has a capacity of 162 seats, with 12 business class seats with a seat pitch of 46 inches and 150 economy class seats with a seat pitch of 30 inches. Each seat is equipped with an LCD screen measuring 10.6 inches. Oman Air has operated B737s for many years and the aircraft provides the backbone of the airline’s long and medium haul fleet, with 23 currently in operation. The new aircraft will be deployed soon on its arrival for commercial flights. Abdulaziz Alraisi, executive vice president products and brand development, said: “In keeping up with the expansion program, Oman Air is adding new aircraft to its fast growing fleet. Known for its energy efficient systems, combined with Oman Air’s superb maintenance staff and facilities, this is an ideal acquisition as we spread our wings to further afield.” With the addition of the new Boeing 737-800, Oman Air’s fleet stands at 48. Currently, Oman Air’s fleet consists of four Boeing 787 Dreamliners, six Airbus 330-300s, four Airbus 330-200s, five Boeing 737-900s, 23 Boeing 737-800, one Boeing 737-700 and four Embraer 175s. A new B737-800 aircraft will be joining Oman Air’s fleet on Feb. 16, followed by a Dreamliner B787-9 on Feb. 23.  The delivery of the new aircraft is part of Oman Air’s ambitious program of fleet and network expansion. The airline continues to be recognized for its award winning onboard experience, winning an array of industry awards in 2016 to add to its growing collection. Oman Air’s latest aircraft addition consolidates its position in 2017 as the airline continues its progress to becoming a successful and sustainable company of the highest quality. Advertisement © Arab News 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 HBK Investments L P Takes Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HBK Investments L P bought a new position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 24,127 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $3,178,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. TLP Group LLC acquired a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter worth $126,000. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth $136,000. Institutional investors own 74.70% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.97% during trading on Monday, reaching $163.98. 3,110,494 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $159.89 and its 200-day moving average price is $143.53. Boeing Company has a one year low of $102.10 and a one year high of $170.00. The stock has a market cap of $101.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.55 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.60 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.46%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is 56.99%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/hbk-investments-l-p-takes-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. BA has been the topic of several analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $185.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $150.88 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “sell” rating and set a $136.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $124.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $152.65. In related news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total transaction of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342. 0.58% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Boeing Company (The) The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Statoil ASA (STO) Receives $15.16 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30 Brokerages Set American Express Company (AXP) PT at $76.64 NewStar Financial, Inc. (NEWS) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Issues FY16 Earnings Guidance Xylem Inc. (XYL) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Research Coverage Started at Seaport Global Securities Lyon William Homes (WLH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein Traders Buy Exelon Corporation (EXC) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Robert W. Baird Diana Shipping inc. (DSX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Cousins Properties Incorporated (CUZ) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPS Enersys (ENS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.24 EPS Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC Increases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 4.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 47,333 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 2,051 shares during the period. Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $6,342,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. HBK Investments L P bought a new position in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at about $3,178,000. Edmond de Rothschild Europe raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 88.1% in the third quarter. Edmond de Rothschild Europe now owns 15,665 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,064,000 after buying an additional 7,339 shares during the period. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. raised its position in Boeing Company (The) by 8.8% in the third quarter. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 6,139 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $808,000 after buying an additional 499 shares during the period. TLP Group LLC bought a new position in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at about $126,000. Finally, Two Sigma Securities LLC bought a new position in Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at about $2,752,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.97% during trading on Monday, hitting $163.98. The stock had a trading volume of 3,110,494 shares. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $170.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $159.89 and its 200-day moving average is $143.53. The company has a market cap of $101.20 billion, a PE ratio of 21.55 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. The business earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.60 EPS. Analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $9.28 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.46%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 56.99%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC Increases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/carnegie-capital-asset-management-llc-increases-position-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several equities analysts have issued reports on BA shares. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Argus lifted their target price on Boeing Company (The) from $143.31 to $160.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Standpoint Research lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $125.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. Vetr lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $142.21 target price on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 target price on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $152.65. In related news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 104,747 shares of company stock valued at $17,147,342 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 261/6 (82) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Money Jet Air to recapture lost ground with 11 Boeing 737s Shares1 Shahkar Abidi | Tue, 7 Feb 2017-07:30am , Mumbai , DNA Jet Airways, which has seen a dip in its market share in recent times, will now lease 11 old Boeing 737s in an incremental manner by the end of this year, before phasing them out with the arrival of 75 Boeing 737 Max aircraft from 2018 onwards. "The 11 Boeing 737s are older planes and will be used for temporary basis till the induction of Boeing 737 Max," said a Jet Airways source aware of the development. It is pertinent to note that Boeing 737 Max will mainly come as replacement for the existing leased aircraft which will be returned on the expiry of their lease. However, a Jet Airways spokesperson refused to comment on the story, calling it speculative. The airline, at present, has a fleet of 114 aircraft which includes a mix of wide-body Airbus A330s and Boeing 777s, narrow-body 737s and ATRs. It has 75 Boeing 737s Max on order which are due for delivery in 2018. Also, the airline is said to have deferred the induction of Boeing 787 aircraft which was scheduled to get delivered by the end of 2017. Jet Airways claims that it does not want to rush into expensive asset purchase game but would rather develop market by way of leasing aircraft, code-shares and strategic partnerships. The airline, in order to back its strategy, said that its code-share traffic has surged from 650,000 passengers in FY14 to 1.22 million in FY15. Gaurang Shetty, whole time director of Jet Airways, during an interaction last year with DNA Money had said, "It's not that only if you place large plane orders that you are expanding. We keep scanning for all kind of opportunities like leasing of planes to increase our capacity. End of the day, it's the bottom-line which matters." According to aviation experts, Jet Airways's market share has declined from over 21% earlier to just under 18% in 2016. The standalone profit declined 70% year on year in the third quarter on account of higher operational and other costs combined with increased competition. Jet Airways's rivals, on the other hand, have not only placed large orders, but also want the planes inducted in reasonable number over a period of decade to capture the market share. For example, low-frills airline IndiGo expects to add 18 aircraft to its fleet of 118 by the end of this fiscal year. The airline has placed an order for 430 fuel-efficient A320neo aircraft. Similarly, GoAir had doubled its A320neo order when it ordered 72 additional aircraft as part of its expansion plan. GoAir has plans to start international operations by early next year when it gets a total of 20 aircraft in its fleet. SpiceJet last month announced purchasing 205 aircraft from Boeing for Rs 1.5 lakh crore in order to increase its fleet fivefold. Shahkar Abidi TOP TOP < IDBI Bank doesn’t wait for RBI cue, cuts home loan rate   Comments   Also Read Money Raghuram Rajan stepped down because of demonetization: P Chidambaram Money Snapdeal asks managers to 'right-size' teams; to lay off nearly 30% staff in two months: report Money IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad allays visa concerns; says have spoken to US govt Money Make In India: Govt approves electronics development fund of Rs 6,831 crore Money Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador brand to Peugeot Money No breakdown in corporate governance at Infosys: Board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw < Previous ArticleNext Article > IDBI Bank doesn’t wait for RBI cue, cuts home loan rate Live Cricket Score Live BAN 261/6 (82) IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Private EPC companies get T&D boost Capture equities upside, save tax with ELSS Vivanta, Gateway hotels to wear Taj Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags India Business Report Jet Airways Boeing 737s Boeing 737 Max Gaurang Shetty GoAir SpiceJet Aviation Sector SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Akhilesh govt. playing with aspirations of youth for political gains PM Modi Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair -source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Punjab Police arrest four gangsters after shootout Delay in Governor's decision will create confusion: DK Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 All finance ministers have perpetual desire for lower rate: FM Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Commercial Aviation > ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit Feb 8, 2017 Madhu Unnikrishnan | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 21 Getty Images As U.S. President Donald Trump prepares for a White House meeting Feb. 9 with airline and airport industry leaders, the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) has pressed its case for the administration to revoke Norwegian Air International’s (NAI) permit to fly to the U.S. ALPA contends that the Obama administration “gave away the store—and American jobs” when it granted NAI’s foreign air carrier permit late in 2016. ALPA President Tim Canoll said the union is ... REGISTER FOR FREE ACCESS (Valid Email Required) Register now for free access to "ALPA Pushes Trump To Oppose NAI Permit" and other premium content selected daily by our editors. Your free registration will also allow you to comment on any article posted to Aviationweek.com.   Current magazine subscribers: digital access to articles associated with your subscription are now included at no added charge to you. Simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   REGISTER Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 21 VADM on Feb 9, 2017 Is this the same ALPA that has heavily supported Democrats in the election process for decades? Log In or Register to post comments randyjet on Feb 9, 2017 SO WHAT? Those are still American jobs going away, and they are not Democrat or Republican jobs. Only crass political hacks think of party FIRST and foremost. Trump already has that as his program. We need to press him to live up to his promises. Log In or Register to post comments Benakay on Feb 9, 2017 @ VADM... and your point is? Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement monnides on Feb 9, 2017 Trump is an insane person he should be impeached.................the sooner the better before he makes more damage to the country Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 9, 2017 i totally agree with you Monnides that Trump is an insane person, the only question is how insane he is! and how insane he was!. i am not a fan of Trump, all i care about is truth. earlier he was a business man, do you know how many people he employed, how many of them are Americans and how many of the them are foreigners and how many of them he fired without proper reason. earlier his company was his country and his employees his people. as far as my knowledge is concerned he took care of his employees well, if not they may not have supported him. as a president he should think about his country and people first, next rest of the world. his intentions and actions clearly reflects that. reasons as mentioned below ; 1. he banned 7 muslim countries people entering in to US, almost 70-80% of the attacks happened in the US for the last 10years were carried out by the people who came from these 7 countries. is it wrong to think about the safety of his fellow Americans. 2. he said he will build a wall on the Mexican border, whats wrong in securing American borders. why should US give a chance to illegal Mexican immigrants to enter in to US. 3. he said he will restrict Foreign Worker Visas. American companies are habituated of using cheap foreign labor instead of giving employment to their fellow Americans because of high wages and labor laws. at least due to this restriction Trump may have thought companies will decrease hiring foreigners and give jobs to its own people, i don't see any wrong it. in my view i don't see any insanity in newly elected American President Donald Trump. would you please explain what makes you think he is an insane person, again i am no way his fan however, i am just eager to know why some people are opposing and hating him so much. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Feb 9, 2017 How about cutting the political rubbish out and commenting on the subject matter if the article? Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 10, 2017 the issue itself is political Tommy, ALPA & A4A are meeting with the President Trump and lobbying with the congress for political reasons only, if else they may have find a way how to face the competition and provide best service possible to its passengers so as they chose only American carriers instead of foreign carriers. Log In or Register to post comments Tommy on Feb 10, 2017 If that's what you think, then talk about the issue instead of posting a long-winded rant on Trump. You only come off as a typical, sore-loser liberal. Log In or Register to post comments monnides on Feb 10, 2017 To: knight376@yahoo.co.in no 1: the people from those 7 countries can get passport very easily from another middle east country and walk to the U.S. This approach will generate higher risk of terrorism from muslims already in the U.S. or other muslims countries. no:2: A wall will not prevent any Mexican entries in the U.S. even if it is electrify with 750,000 volts. All they have to do is used a wooden ladder and jump over unless they put guards every 5 feet on the American side. no 3 : you may have a point there. Why are people opposed and hate Trump it is not because his policies it is mainly his attitude as a person, insulting people right left and center, make very sexist remarks ( the locker room comments ) following are other comments he made during debates or on twitter: • I WILL BE THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER ( pretentious ) • I AM A SMART GUY, THE SMARTEST IN THE WORLD ( pretentious ) • HOW STUPID ARE THE PEOPLE OF IOWA ( he lost iowa in the primary ) • JOHN MCCAIN IS NO HERO (SPEECH) • LOOK AT THAT FACE NOT PRESIDENTIAL ( CARLY FIORINA ) • PARIS IS THE CAPITAL OF GERMANY (TWITTER) • IF YOU ARE NOT VOTING FOR ME, DO NOT VOTE. • HILLARY WENT TO THE WASHROOM DURING THE DEMOCRATIC DEBATE WHAT WAS SHE DOING THERE • JEB BUSH IS A CRAZY MAN • IF I KILLED SOMEONE ON A NYC STREET I WILL NOT LOSE ONE VOTE • ARAB AMERICANS CHEERED THE ATTACK OF 9/11 (NOT TRUE) • WE SHOULD KILL THE FAMILIES OF TERRORIST. • I WILL NOT DISAWOV THE KLU KLUX KLAN, I DON’T KNOW WHO THEY ARE • CARSON IS A CHILD MOLESTER • MUSLIMS SHOULD WEAR SPECIAL ID BATCHES. • I HAVE BEEN ASKED TO VISIT 10 DOWNING STREET ( NOT TRUE ) • CLIMATE CHANGE IS A HOAX • TO THE NEW MAYOR OF LONDON: WHAT IS YOUR IQ (SPEECH) • OBAMA AND CLINTON FOUNDED ISIS (SPEECH) This is why people hates him, he is not presidential , Log In or Register to post comments Big Phil on Feb 9, 2017 So which of Delta, American, United do you want the EU to withdraw the right to fly to Europe from?? Norwegian has 40 787 on order or delivered and 100 737 in use with 200 on order and already employs 500 crew in the US !! Next up Europe should insist on 50% of all flights to Europe are flown by EU nationals The American unions really need to leave the myopic gold fish bowl in which they swim Log In or Register to post comments knigh376@yahoo.co.in on Feb 9, 2017 the big question whether Trump will support ALPA or A4A depends upon mostly on one question! what exactly American people want. if Trump supports ALPA & A4A and restrict foreign airlines entering into in US market, then it will definitely help decrease competition which in turn help American Carriers increase their airfares which will directly affect common American citizens. Already there is a big unhappiness & unrest among Americans who were unable to digest Trump as president. this move by Trump will definitely give his opposition an opportunity to increase protests and disturb law & order for which they are waiting for. one thing is absolutely clear Americans are not willing to pay more for their airfares, if Trump supports ALPA & A4A and help them raise their airfares which will hurt common Americans pockets who elected him, it will do more harm than good to him. ALPA & A4A are not interested in common Americans welfare. all they want is restrict their competition in any way possible and make more money. they are just business men not social servants, its better for Trump not to support them. Log In or Register to post comments DavidFitzgerald... on Feb 9, 2017 If NAI is allowed to stand, it will decimate the domestic airline industry, very similar to the US maritime industry. Promises to hire American crews are just that, only promises. One airline hiring 50% American can never make up for the tens of thousands of jobs lost to multiple carriers in the US. If NAI stands, there will be many more copy cats, and the US airline industry will disappear. There is no way the number of airline jobs that we have now, and would be lost, could ever compare to Boeing selling a few dozen planes. Today we will see if Trump will back up his campaign statement, "America First." Log In or Register to post comments Doubting Thomas on Feb 9, 2017 How can these upstart Europeans be allowed to cram their passengers on airplanes in a profitable fashion? That is a privilege that should be reserved for true US airlines who have successfully emerged from bankrupcy! Log In or Register to post comments niio on Feb 9, 2017 The ALPA has no credibility in my book. Any union having members who make a quarter of a million dollars for less than 1000 flight hours a year, arguing for reduced competition and higher consumer prices gets no sympathy from me. This government created artificial monopoly has done more to damage pilot job creation in the US than Norwegian ever will. Log In or Register to post comments Dolomite on Feb 9, 2017 You guys resorting to name calling prove your incompetence to engage in a civil debate. You belong to the democrat mob at the soup kitchen. Just low class. The article is not about impeachment, or maybe the elevator doesn't go all the way up? Log In or Register to post comments claes.eriksson@... on Feb 10, 2017 The US/EU should look at Irish aircraft staffing rules instead. Their rules differ from the rest of the EU and Ryanair had used it to great advantage, now Norwegian want to do the same and fly to the US. It is similar to Irish tax rules for US multinationals setting up EU HQ's in Ireland and paying tax there. Making Ireland chose of follow EU standards or being kicked out of the EU. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 10, 2017 "Trump is an insane person he should be impeached" - monnides For what? Simply being unliked is not cause for impeachment. "The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High crimes and Misdemeanors." - Article II, Section 4 US Constitution. Insanity is not a high crime or misdemeanor. Log In or Register to post comments monnides on Feb 10, 2017 Mark, just read my comments above to knight376@yahoo.co.in. If you believe such a character should be President you don't have much more class that Trump. He insult everybody around, complaint on trivial issues. cannot accept criticism. Typical Trump supporter you ignore what does not suit you. Are we going to accept such a clown for 4 years.......... Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 11, 2017 Being a sociopath mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/antisocial-personality-disorder/home/ovc-20198975 is not an impeachable offense. Log In or Register to post comments Mark Lincoln on Feb 10, 2017 "So which of Delta, American, United do you want the EU to withdraw the right to fly to Europe from??" - Big Phil Exactly. Part and parcel with Airline Deregulation, Open Skies became a US foreign policy objective with the pursuit of bi- and multilateral agreements to allow open access to other countries airports. The EU–US Open Skies Agreement was negotiated under George W. Bush, signed in 2007 and phase two was signed in 2010. I did not hear the ALPA complaining when US airlines (and union jobs) expanded into international commerce as a result. Log In or Register to post comments shelly on Feb 10, 2017 I still do not understand where exactly NAI is any worse than airlines such as Swiss, KLM and Lufthansa that use pilots from their own countries and fly mostly Airbus to/from the US? Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles DOT Approves NAI Over Labor’s Protests   NUK’s U.S. Foreign Air Carrier Permit Still Pending   Congress Appears To Change Course On Language Opposing NAI   Norwegian Accelerates Long-haul Expansion After U.S. Ruling   Unions Using Dreamjet Application As Proxy In NAI Battle   Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Air Canada Redesign Builds On Past Transformation  The $121 Billion Economic Hit President Trump Must Prevent  Air France Rearranges CDG Banks  Appeals Court Rules Against Trump’s Travel Ban  Airbus, Gilat In Conformal Ka‑Band Connectivity Project  Indigo Plans New ULCC In Chile  Lockheed Unveils Commercial Freighter Version of C-130J  Trump, Meeting Airline CEOs, Vows To Fix ATC System    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Data & Financials > Airline Financials > Alaska 2016 profit down 4%; evaluating Virgin America A320s Alaska 2016 profit down 4%; evaluating Virgin America A320s Feb 8, 2017 Aaron Karp EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Virgin America A320 Rob Finlayson Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Feb. 6-10, 2017 Advertisement Alaska Air Group will spend the next 6-9 months evaluating Virgin America’s Airbus A320 fleet to determine whether it will keep the aircraft long term, according to Alaska chairman and CEO Brad Tilden. The fleet evaluation plan was revealed as Alaska, which acquired Virgin America in December 2016, reported a 2016 net profit of $814 million, down 4% from net income of $848 million in 2015. It marked Alaska’s 13th straight annual profit. Alaska’s 2016 results include Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air, as well as Virgin America from Dec. 14-Dec. 31. As Tilden noted, Alaska has long been “proudly all-Boeing,” operating an all-737 mainline fleet. It now has inherited Virgin America’s fleet of 10 A319s and 53 A320s, most of which are leased, meaning it would not be too onerous to phase out the Airbus fleet. Tilden said Alaska wants to spend the next 6-9 months studying the Airbus aircraft. “We’re going to go through a process in 2017 where we make a decision” about Virgin America’s fleet, Tilden said. “We’ll certainly talk with Boeing and Airbus as we go through that process.” Virgin America is set to take delivery of 10 A321neos over the next two years, and Alaska CFO Brandon Pedersen said Virgin America “will take some number of A321neos” in 2017 and 2018. But Alaska is talking with Airbus and lessor GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) about reducing the number of deliveries, he said. Given that the A321neo is just entering service, Tilden said Alaska does not want to get too distracted by a new aircraft as it evaluates Virgin America’s existing A320 fleet. Alaska wants to “sort of reduce that commitment [to the 10 A321neos], or put [those deliveries] off a bit, while we go through this [A320 evaluation] process,” he explained. Alaska Airlines, meanwhile, is set to take delivery of 12 737-900ERs, while retiring 10 737-400s, in 2017. Alaska’s 2016 revenue rose 6% year-over-year to $5.9 billion while expenses increased 7% to $4.6 billion, producing operating income of $1.35 billion, up 4% over an operating profit of $1.3 billion in 2015. Alaska’s 2016 consolidated traffic increased 10.8% year-over-year to 37.2 billion RPMs on a 10.6% lift in capacity to 44.1 billion ASMs, producing a load factor of 84.3%, up 0.2 point. Yield fell 5.7% to 14.5 cents. Alaska executives indicated that they will announce a decision in March regarding the long-term fate of the Virgin America brand. Aaron Karp aaron.karp@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Five factors determining whether Alaska keeps Virgin America’s A320s 8 Alaska: SFO, LAX assets key in $4 billion deal to buy Virgin America   Virgin America posts $52 million 3Q net profit   Virgin America posts $38 million 2Q net profit   A4A: Major US airlines had 14.6% pre-tax profit margin in 2015   Blogs & Commentary Jan 30, 2017 blog Protesters at Washington Dulles are happy, well behaved I took an international flight out of Washington Dulles Sunday evening so stepped down to the international arrivals lounge curious to see what was happening in light of the Trump travel ban that ignited protests over the weekend....More Jan 24, 2017 blog Alitalia, the airline that broke the camel’s back? Can Alitalia ever be a good-news story? It appears not for Etihad Airways, the Abu Dhabi-based airline that has become the latest in a line of companies to see potential in the Italian flag carrier but for whom good news seems an increasingly distant prospect....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Feb 9, 2017 Article ATW Plus Europe working on ATC strike guidelines   Europe’s airlines, air navigation service providers (ANSP) and regulators are working on a set of guidelines to minimize the impact of disruptive air traffic control (ATC) strikes....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa embraces data analysis to offer passengers customized service Lufthansa Group is aiming to offer passengers service “personalized on a silver tray” by utilizing “predictive analytics” to determine what offerings individual customers want, a senior executive said....More Feb 3, 2017 Article Lufthansa unveils first A350 XWB with new cabin interior Lufthansa unveiled the first of 25 Airbus A350-900s Feb. 2 in Munich after Lufthansa Technik completed the cabin installation....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content &n=abab4b2c’ border=’0′ alt=” /> Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management Air Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Transportation &n=abab4b2c’ border=’0′ alt=” /> To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now How to Reduce Aviation Emissions, On the Ground and In the Sky February 8, 2017February 9, 2017 by Jessica Lyons Hardcastle The number of commercial airplanes in service is projected to nearly double by 2030. At the same time, international agreements and individual countries’ laws require the aviation industry to reduce carbon emissions. Advances in biofuel infrastructure and ground-based operations can help the aviation industry comply with strict emissions limits and save money on fuel, according to two new studies. One study, released by Boeing, Alaska Airlines and the Port of Seattle, identifies the best infrastructure options for delivering aviation biofuel to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The airport has set a goal to power every flight at Sea-Tac with sustainable aviation biofuel, which reduces carbon dioxide emissions by 50 to 80 percent compared to fossil fuel, and says it is among the first airports in North America to work with aviation, energy and research partners to evaluate all aspects to developing a commercial-scale program from scratch. Biofuels will be key to achieving the aviation industry’s pledge to cut CO2 emissions to 0.2 billion tons (GT) in 2050 — half the 2005 figure — as opposed to the 2.1 GT projected by current growth rates, according to Lux Research. The Sea-Tac study evaluated more than 30 sites around Washington State that could potentially support the receipt, blending, storage, and delivery infrastructure required to supply Sea-Tac Airport with up to 50 million gallons per year of sustainable aviation biofuel. Potential sites were evaluated both for the ability to accommodate near-term (12-18 months) supplies of 5 million gallons per year and long-term (2-10 years) supplies of more than 50 million gallons per year. It found: A small biofuel receiving and blending facility at the Sea-Tac Airport Fuel Farm is the most cost-effective solution in the short term; The Anacortes-area refineries are the most cost-effective options for large volumes of aviation biofuel over the long term due to their access to marine, rail, truck, and the Olympic Pipeline; and The Phillips 66/Olympic Pipeline Company sites in Renton also showed potential to accommodate receipt and blending facilities for moderate-to-large biofuel volumes over the long term. “Commercial aviation is committed to reducing the industry’s carbon footprint, and biofuels are key to achieving that goal,” said Ellie Wood, regional director of environmental strategy for Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We’re encouraged that this study shows the viability of making a biofuel blend available to every flight at Sea-Tac Airport.” Another study, this one by United Technologies Corporation, says efforts being made “on the ground” will also play a major role in helping the aviation industry met its aggressive carbon goals. This includes technology advances such as additive manufacturing — or 3D prining — that can reduce a part’s “buy-to-fly” ratio by 90 percent, along with nanomaterials that allow for weight reduction and better performance, writes UTC chief sustainability officer John Mandyck in a blog post about the new study. He says carbon neutral airports will also improve the industry’s emissions performance: “At San Diego International Airport’s Terminal 2, for example, performance enhancements included high-performance glazing, on-site solar power, low-flow fixtures for water conservation, and the diversion of more than 90 percent of construction waste from landfills. The terminal is the world’s first to be certified LEED Platinum.” And last summer, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport became the first carbon neutral airport in North America by switching to renewable energy sources and converting its bus fleet to compressed natural gas vehicles, among other low-carbon initiatives. Additionally, aerospace factories that focus on more efficient operations, new production technologies and sustainable supply chains will also advance the industry’s long-term sustainability, Mandyck writes, citing UTC’s success in reducing greenhouse gasses 34 percent and water use 57 percent while tripling revenues over the last 20 years. Categories Air, TransportationTags Alaska Airlines, Aviation, Biofuel, Boeing, Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, Port of Seattle, San Diego International Airport, Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, United Technologies Corporation Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> &n=abab4b2c’ border=’1′ alt=” /> Best Practices Managing Change in Environmental Reporting and Compliance Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Top 10 Steps for a Successful EMIS Project Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions 10 Things you Need to Know about EPA R22 Phaseout Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions Drive Operational Excellence with Compliance Assurance Sponsored By: Sphera Solutions View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations... ON DEMAND WEBINARS Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information... From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best... EHS Implementation Success is a Team Sport Comparing Energy Leaders on EMIS and Environmental Performance Improve Performance & Reduce Risk with Environmental, Health... See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE | SUBSCRIBE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
02112017Sat                                            English-French IranFocus Home Iran Iran (General) Nuclear Human Rights Women Intelligence Reports Terrorism Exclusive Reports Life in Iran Nuclear Iran & Neighbours Iraq Afghanistan Syria Economy Tehran Grapevine Opinion Iran in the World Press Editorial Op-Ed Multimedia Blog Intelligence Reports Iranian malware attacks Mac and PC computers; infiltrates US Defence Department Details Intelligence Reports 08 February 2017 Print Email Twitter Iran Focus London, 8 Feb - Security researchers are warning that Iranian hackers may be trying to target the US Defence Department and their industry colleagues, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Boeing. Claudio Guarnieri and Collin Anderson, who are researching Iranian threats of cyber-espionage, found the malware (MacDownloader) on a website which spoofed the U.S. aerospace company United Technologies. Visitors to the fake site, which the researchers believe to be owned by Iranian hackers, are taken to a page about free programs and courses for employees of the U.S. defence companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Boeing. They are asked to download Adobe Flash to watch an embedded video, which is when the malware attacks your computer. It profiles your computer, stealing credentials by creating fake login boxes which employees would put their work IDs into. Thankfully, the malware is believed to be the first attempt by an amateur; it has numerous spelling and grammar mistakes and failed to run a script which would download additional malicious coding. However, it still managed to avoid detection by an antivirus engine. Guarnieri and Anderson found evidence that the hacker may be Iranian because the uploader used wireless networks called "Jok3r" and "mb_1986", which are linked to Iranian hacking groups. Anderson also noted that the malware had been used to attack a human rights activist, which is troubling because many activists in Iran are dependent on Apple devices. Guarnieri and Anderson wrote in their report: "While this [malware] is neither sophisticated nor full-featured, its sudden appearance is concerning given the popularity of Apple computers." Search search Two prisoners were hanged in Sarpol-e Zahab (western Iran) Iran: ُHorrible scene of a family trapped in a car, swallowed by flood in Sistan & Baluchestan Iran: Tehran's Iconic High-Rise (Plasco Building) Collapsed Due to Fire More than 1,500 retired teachers held a protest gathering in front of Iran Regime's parliament Iran: Execution of four young men in public in Qeshm- 23 November The untold story of the 1988 Massacre in Iran Reyhaneh Jabbari's will Her voice recording from inside prison Public execution in Kazerun, Iran - August 11, 2016 blog Censorship Kills: Remembering Sattar Behesthi The New Orientalism: Iran as a Political Commodit... Iran Freedom Convention Makes Global Impact Other Articles Iran Echo Chamber Demonizes Dissidents Iran Launches New Wave of Repression Despite Facad... About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 World Peru says wanted ex-president likely in U.S., may flee to Israel 1486756134 World Nigeria's anti-graft body seizes $9.8 million from state oil firm ex-boss 1486756988 World Peru asks world to help find fugitive ex-president Toledo 1486761389 Business Brazil challenges Canada at WTO over Bombardier funding mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, February 9, 2017 Updated: 8:50 AM, February 9, 2017 SAO PAULO/BRASILIA - Brazil opened a formal complaint against Canada at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on Wednesday, accusing the country of distorting the global aerospace industry with subsidies for planemaker Bombardier Inc <BBDb.TO>. Brazil has threatened for months to open the WTO dispute, arguing that support for Bombardier's new CSeries was undercutting the market for commercial jets made by Brazilian rival Embraer SA <EMBR3.SA>. The case builds on decades of antagonism between the two regional jet makers and echoes arguments in the world's largest trade dispute, a transatlantic spat over government support for Boeing Co <BA.N> and Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA>. Brazil's action came on the heels of fresh support for Bombardier on Tuesday in the form of interest-free loans worth C$373 million ($283 million) from the Canadian government. Canada's Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne said the loans complied with WTO rules and the government would defend itself against litigation. Brazil's Foreign Ministry criticized "at least $2.5 billion in government support" for the Canadian planemaker last year and a senior official said the complaint would include the loans announced on Tuesday. "It is the understanding of Brazil that these Canadian subsidies artificially affect international competitiveness," the ministry said in a statement. The province of Quebec, where Bombardier is based, injected $1 billion into the company's CSeries program last year. The province's largest pension fund also invested $1.5 billion in the company's rail unit. Embraer Chief Executive Officer Paulo Cesar Silva said in a statement that the ongoing cash injections "have not only been fundamental in the development and survival of the CSeries program, but have also allowed Bombardier to offer its aircraft at artificially low prices." STEEP DELTA DISCOUNT Last year, Bombardier scored an order from Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N> for 75 CSeries jets, worth some $5.6 billion at list prices, beating out Embraer's competing E-Jets with below break-even prices, according to the Brazilians. Two sources familiar with the deal said Bombardier offered a roughly two-thirds discount to win the order, its biggest to date for the fledgling CSeries program. Bombardier booked a $500 million "onerous contract" charge related to that Delta order and a separate deal with Air Canada <AC.TO>. Carlos Cozendey, undersecretary for economic affairs at Brazil's Foreign Ministry, said that subsidies had been key in helping Bombardier win the Delta contract and could influence more sales campaigns this year. Bombardier pushed back on Wednesday, calling the government support a standard practice in the global aerospace industry. "All forms of support provided to Bombardier, including the repayable program contributions announced by the federal government yesterday and the investment from the Quebec government... are fully compliant with Canada's international trade obligations," Bombardier said in a statement. The company compared that funding to loans for Embraer from Brazil's state development bank BNDES and an investment by the Brazilian Air Force in Embraer's new military cargo jet. "The aerospace industry is heavily subsidized around the world," said lawyer Renata Amaral, head of the international trade practice at Brazilian firm Barral M Jorge & Associates. "The problem is when subsidies reach a degree that starts creating distortions in the market." Amaral, who has advised Brazil on previous WTO cases, said that a decision on the current dispute was likely to stretch into 2018. Both countries now have up to 60 days to try to settle the dispute before the WTO convenes a panel of experts to help make a ruling in the case. BUILDING ON PRECEDENT The latest WTO standoff follows nearly a decade of sparring between Brazil and Canada over state financing for Embraer and Bombardier's exports in the 1990s. However, the current dispute is closer in substance to the clash between the United States and the European Union over allegedly unfair support for Boeing and Airbus. Brazil will aim to build on a partial U.S. victory in that case, which focused on comparing public financing for aircraft development with private-sector benchmarks to determine whether the loans constituted improper subsidies. The WTO ruled that loans to Airbus were unfair but stopped short of putting them in the worst category of "prohibited" aid. The dispute, which started more than a decade ago, has still not completed a lengthy WTO compliance process. Cozendey, of Brazil's foreign ministry, said that precedent strengthened the argument against Canadian subsidies. Brazil will argue that some of Canada's measures are "prohibited" under international trade law, while others are not illegal per se but are "actionable" because the scale of the subsidies are disrupting competition, Cozendey said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content Search form Search Tarpit Main menu News All News Acquisition & Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe Chapter News Reprints Sample Digital Issue Blog Blog Home Guest Blog Guidelines Acquisition Cyber Defense Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Newsletters SIGNAL Connections Subscribe Webinars/Online Events Resource Library Advertise About SIGNAL Media 2017 Media Kit Advertisers FAQ Advertiser Press Releases Contact Us U.S. Military Successfully Demonstrates Microdrone Swarm Home / Acquisition and Contracting / Boeing Supports Saudi F-15SA Radar Blog: Boeing Supports Saudi F-15SA Radar February 8, 2017 The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $18,290,920 modification (14) to previously awarded contract F33657‐01‐D‐0026‐RJ80 for Royal Saudi Air Force AN/APG-63(V) 3 radar in F-15SA aircraft. Work will be performed predominantly at Forest, Mississippi, and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2017. This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, is the contracting activity. Departments:  Acquisition and Contracting Tags:  Boeing F-15 Saudi Arabia Air Force Contract Awards Tarpit SIGNAL BLOGS Acquisition and Contracting Cyber Defense Operations Homeland Security Intelligence Technology Career Progressions Cool App-titude           About Us About SIGNAL Meet the Staff SIGNAL's Awards Writer's Guide Guest Blogging Guidelines Legal AFCEA Privacy Policy Copyright Disclaimers For Bloggers and Educators AFCEA About AFCEA Join AFCEA Membership AFCEA Chapters AFCEA Events AFCEA Small Business Member Login Contact Us Editorial 703-631-6192 Customer Service 703-631-6100 Advertising 703-631-6181 E-mail Us Contact Form   © AFCEA International. All rights reserved. 4400 Fair Lakes Court, Fairfax, VA 22033
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 37 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 11, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion FEB 11, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 37 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Op-ed: Trump comes full circle on F-35 fighter jet By Tobin Harshaw Bloomberg View First Published Feb 08 2017 08:00AM    •    Last Updated Feb 08 2017 08:00 am Share This Article Here is Donald Trump tweeting on Dec. 22: "Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!" Here is Trump at a Monday meeting with small business leaders at the White House: "The F-35 fighter jet — a great plane by the way, I have to tell you, and Lockheed is doing a very good job as of now. There were great delays, about seven years of delays, tremendous cost overruns. We've ended all of that and we've got that program really, really now in good shape, so I'm very proud of that," CNN reported. VIDEOS TOP JOBS How did we get so far in 1 ½ months? Trump has a solid, if factually challenged, answer. "We cut approximately $600 million off the F-35, and that only amounts to 90 planes, out of close to 3,000 planes," he told the media on Jan. 30. He was referring to the new contract for the next "tranche" purchase of the fifth-generation fighter, of which 76 are intended for the U.S. Air Force and foreign clients, while 14 are designed for carrier deck or vertical takeoff and landing for the Navy and Marines. But as many Pentagon reporters have pointed out, this cost savings was long expected: The Air Force general in charge of the contract predicted last year that the price of the plane would drop by 6 percent to 7 percent in this round of purchases, known as Low Rate Initial Production Lot 10. Since the tranche will total nearly $10 billion, that's just about what Trump was bragging he had bargained out of Lockheed Martin. (In what seems a bit of overzealous obsequiousness, the company credited "Trump's personal involvement" for sharpening a newfound "focus on driving down the price.") Trump's bogus claim aside, we can at least hope he learned a little bit about the complexities of Pentagon acquisitions and the plans for the fighter fleet. First, his tweet that building more F/A-18's was a possible alternative to the F-35 was truly ignorant. The Super Hornet is a fine and fast plane, but one conceived in the 1970s. Because it lacks stealth technology, it is simply not capable of the wide range of missions in contested air space for which the F-35 has been designed. Yes, the F-35 has a troubled past, coming in years behind schedule and way over budget. But all that is, unfortunately, pretty much expected in military contracts. The bottom line was in essence doomed from the start: Unusually, the plan was to put the aircraft into production long before all the research and development was completed, and then retrofit existing planes with new technology. This strategy, called "concurrency," was supposed to save time and money but ended up gobbling both, and the government was stuck with most of the bill for Lockheed's cost overruns. Critics point to the new plane's limited speed, turning ability and range as drawbacks, but it is a multi-mission wonder whose cutting-edge software allows it to work collaboratively with the pilot to make up for any performance shortcomings. (There were also rumors Team Trump would look at the F-22 Raptor, a stealthy fighter, as a potential F-35 alternative, but given that the plane has been out of production for years, simply re-starting the lines would have been cost-prohibitive. Its average cost per flight hour is $68,000, more than double the rate of the F-35.) All this said, there is a silver lining to Trump's ill-informed tweeting: It does put the military and prime contractors on notice that the new president isn't taking anything for granted in terms of what has been a far-too-cozy producer-customer relationship for decades. This out-of-the-box mindset will be valuable as the Pentagon takes bids on its next two major aeronautical contracts: the B-21 Raider long-range strategic bomber and the T-X training plane, which are expected to total around $35 billion. At the very least, the new administration should be able to put the onus on Lockheed and the rest of the "defense-industrial base" to take responsibility for cost increases during the production phases, and perhaps during earlier research and development as well. It is also getting to be decision time in several projects outside the air-superiority realm: the ballistic-missile submarine that will replace the Ohio class, whether the Navy needs to drop the troubled Littoral Combat Ship and develop a new frigate, the necessity of building eight more lumbering Ford-Class supercarriers, the wisdom of developing a new nuclear-tipped cruise missile and intercontinental ballistic missile to replace the aging Minuteman III, and a host of other potential contracts. And we're never going to get to serious cost savings looking at acquisitions alone: Nearly 70 percent of the Defense Department budget goes to personnel, operations and maintenance. With Trump insisting he wants to cancel planned troop cutbacks, this means looking hard at cutting back or charging more for the military's Cadillac-level health care plan, TriCare, and closing domestic bases. The F-35 looks increasingly like a sad tale that's going to have a happy ending. Yet even before it goes into service, the military is starting to think about the sixth generation of fighters: remotely piloted, artificially intelligent, hypersonic, radar-invisible planes with laser-beam weapons. Wrangling cost savings on the future of war looks like a job for the world's greatest negotiator. Tobin Harshaw writes editorials on national security, education and food for Bloomberg View.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Eugene Robinson: The GOP's profiles in cowardice Bagley Cartoon: Chaffetz Has One Job Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. Bagley Cartoon: Best Thing About Bannon Op-ed: Why is 'Book of Mormon' play tolerated and even praised? Op-ed: Politics invades the theater? It's always been there ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home Industry Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Air India likely to induct 34 planes in two years Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. By: PTI | Mumbai | Published: February 8, 2017 8:10 PM National carrier Air India (Reuters) National carrier Air India is likely to induct over 30 aircraft, including five wide-body Boeing 777, over two years as it seeks to add capacity in domestic as well as international markets. Air India Director (Commercial) Pankaj Srivastava said that out of the 34 planes, the carrier is looking to lease, 29 would be narrow-body Airbus A320s. The remaining five would be wide-body Boeing aircraft. “We are looking at more planes. We want to launch new flights. If the fuel price remains where it is now, we will definitely see economics of scale,” he said while speaking at the CAPA India Aviation Summit here today. You may also like to watch Some of the A320 neo planes, which are being leased would replace the old classic A320 aircraft under the phase out plan, he said. According to him, all the 34 planes would be inducted into the airline’s fleet over a period of two years. As part of the international expansion plan, Air India plans to launch its flight services to Washington, Copenhagen, Toronto. Besides, Srivastava said the airline would increase frequency on routes such as Melbourne, Sydney Colombo, Kathmandu, Singapore and Bangkok. With respect to finance, he said the airline is looking at various options to reduce its borrowings, including by converting some of the working capital loans into equity. Air India is surviving on a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package, spread over a ten-year period, that was approved by the central government in 2012. So far, the airline has received around Rs 24,000 crore as part of this financial package. In the last fiscal, Air India posted an operational profit of Rs 105 crore for the first time in a decade while its total debt stood at over Rs 46,000 crore. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Union Budget 2017-18 focuses on wider tax compliance, says ClearTax Here's how you can save more income tax after the announcement made by FM in the current Budget Trending Now AIADMK Lok Sabha MPs join O Panneerselvam camp UP Election: BJP MP Sanjeev Balyan casts vote in Muzaffarnagar Puduchery government seeks Central relief of Rs 100 crores for drought relief West Bengal BJP gets hands on training in Uttar Pradesh election Donald Trump says he might give travel ban a tweak or a makeover UP Election 2017: Congress common minimum programme focuses on employment, Dalits Pakistan Senate committee dissatisfied over government’s attitude on CPEC Shah Rukh, Aamir click first picture together in 25 years Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades 30 per cent votes polled till noon in Uttar Pradesh SP-Cong alliance has shaken PM Narendra Modi’s confidence: Akhilesh Yadav  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: मुस्लिम इलाकों में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों तक नहीं UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: अखिलेश यादव और राहुल गांधी दिखा रहे हैं 'दोस्ताना' लेकिन इस सीट पर सपा और कांग्रेस हैं आमने-सामने Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Boeing partners with Qatar Computing Research Institute for fourth annual machine learning and data analytics symposium 08 February, 2017 Fourth annual research symposium will bring global expertise to Qatar to further machine learning and data analytics standards in the Middle East Doha, Qatar, Feb 08, 2017   The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) has announced that it will once again partner with the Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), part of Hamad bin Khalifa University, to host the fourth annual Machine Learning and Data Analytics Symposium (MLDAS) in Qatar. The event, to be held at the Qatar National Convention Centre on March 13 and 14, will feature top global experts discussing the latest solutions in the fields of machine learning, data mining, applied machine learning techniques and data analytics solutions. This year’s event will focus on the growing use of deep learning and its potential impacts on the human condition, such as through autonomous vehicles and medical advances. Mr Bernard Dunn, President of Boeing Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, said:  “Boeing is proud of the partnership with QCRI as we are congregating expertise from around the world to help elevate the already high benchmark being set in Qatar in the field of data analytics and machine learning. “In an increasingly digitized and automated world, bringing together such expertise will only continue to inspire innovation and regional talent.” Dr. Ahmed Elmagarmid, Executive Director, QCRI, said the symposium had enjoyed an extraordinary response from the scientific community in the past three years and the research institute looked forward to working with Boeing to expand its success. Advertisement “The event is a huge success for Qatar and the region and we are grateful for the outstanding role that Boeing has played,” Dr Elmagarmid said. “The timing of this year’s event could not be better. Some of the world’s smartest people are warning about artificial intelligence and its potentially dire effects on the future of humanity and a dwindling work force. “QCRI and Boeing have built a dynamic partnership in research and application, and we look forward to again presenting a program of cutting-edge science for MLDAS 2017.” The symposium is open to students, researchers and industry experts. To register, go to www.qcri.com -Ends- Contact:          Carolyn Conlan Program Manager Office: + (974) 4454 1443 cconlan@hbku.edu.qa Dana Salloum Middle East Communications Boeing Office: +971 2 694 4270 Mobile: +971 5 0228 9791 Dana.I.Salloum@boeing.com About Boeing Company Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defence, space and security systems, with more than 165,000 employees in 70 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defence systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. For more information about Boeing please visit: www.boeing.com. About QCRI Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) is a national research institute under Hamad bin Khalifa University, established by Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, a private, non-profit organisation that is supporting Qatar’s transformation from a hydrocarbon-based economy to knowledge-based economy.   QCRI supports Qatar Foundation’s mission to build Qatar’s innovation and technology capacity by focusing on large-scale computing challenges that address national priorities for growth and development.  In doing this, QCRI conducts world-class multidisciplinary computing research that is relevant to the needs of Qatar, the wider Arab region, and the world. It performs cutting-edge research in such areas as Arabic language technologies, cyber security, social computing, data analytics, distributed systems, and computational science and engineering.  The research conducted at QCRI is aligned with the Qatar National Research Strategy and supports the strategic priorities outlined in the Qatar National Vision 2030.  For more information, please visit: www.qcri.qa About Hamad bin Khalifa University  Hamad Bin Khalifa University (HBKU), a member of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, is an emerging research university that is building its foundation upon unique collaborations with local and international partners. Located in Education City, HBKU delivers undergraduate and graduate programs through its College of Science and Engineering, College of Law and Public Policy, College of Health and Life Sciences, College of Islamic Studies, and its College of Humanities and Social Sciences. It also provides unparalleled opportunities for research and scholarship through its research institutes, and its Center of Executive Education delivers customized programs for the business community of Qatar and the region, in line with Qatar National Vision 2030. © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Opinion Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Sat, February 11, 2017 | 18:42 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Editorial Jin Air close call Posted : 2017-02-08 17:23 Updated : 2017-02-08 17:23 Smoke crept from the tail end of a B777-200 Boeing passenger aircraft, preceded by the smell of burning oil. Some of the 401 people on the airplane ― 392 passengers and nine flight crew members ― started coughing. Panic was about to take over as some passengers headed for the emergency exit but were deterred by the crew, who asked them to stay calm and wait for further instructions. Sound eerily familiar? On April 16, 2014, when the Sewol ferry was sinking, it was the "stay calm" instruction that was repeated through the public announcement system. The obedient 304 people, most of them students, were trapped and then drowned. Fortunately, the Jin Air aircraft, Flight LJ004 from Bangkok to Seoul, was still on the tarmac when it was preparing for takeoff at 30 minutes past midnight Wednesday. Some passengers went to the hospital for smoke inhalation treatment but there were no serious injuries, according to the low–cost carrier, a subsidiary of Korean Air. The carrier explained that it blocked the passengers from trying to evacuate through the back exit because some passengers were still boarding the aircraft so there was the risk that the emergency slide wouldn't open and passengers could have fallen to the ground. Jin Air's assertion needs poring over because it raised questions about how the passengers could have disembarked safely, if, God forbid, a fire developed on board. The Jin Air case illustrates the need for an overhaul in emergency procedures on board ships, aircraft and other means of mass transportation. In a recent accident that left a subway train stranded between stations, passengers refused to heed the "stay-on-board" instructions and forced the doors open before walking to the nearest station. That was a lesson learned from the Sewol tragedy that showed, through the cellphone recordings the students left behind, how they obeyed the instructions and sank with the boat, while the captain and crew made their escape. Unless new procedures are devised to regain the trust of passengers in emergency situations, the opposite of the Sewol case with the same tragic consequences cannot be excluded. What would have happened if the Jin Air passengers had pushed aside the crew and made their way out of the plane with the slide unopened as the airline claimed? It said that smoke was caused when a trace of lubricant came into contact with a superhot auxiliary power unit but there was no sign of fire. US senator's gaffe: Russia 'invading' Korea [VIDEO] Sungshin Women's Univ. president jailed for embezzlement Deadly results: More foreigners hit road without a license 'Comfort women' statue to be erected in Atlanta 'Graduation from marriage' - good or bad for happy golden years? N. Korea threatens pre-emptive strike against S. Korea ahead of big anniversary Samsung to demolish rigid, top-down corporate culture; starts with simplified ranking system Why did F-15K fighter jets make emergency takeoff? Siberian tiger Geumgang dies after move to mountains [VIDEO] Men work, women stay home? No longer the case An courts elderly voters Snack festival So sweet Jeju haenyeo UNESCO heritage [PHOTOS] About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
Tue, 7 February 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop First Privately Funded Commercial Airlock NanoRacks has partnered Boeing to develop the first privately funded commercial airlock, enabling the United States to potentially triple the number of small satellites it can deploy from the International Space Station (ISS) during a single airlock cycle. The NanoRacks Airlock Module, which is planned to be attached to the ISS U.S. segment in 2019, will increase the capability of transferring equipment, payloads and deployable satellites from inside the ISS to outside, significantly increasing the utilization of ISS. ISS prime contractor Boeing will build and install the airlock’s Passive Common Berthing Mechanism, the hardware used to connect the pressurized modules of the ISS. Currently, the United States utilizes the airlock on the ISS Japanese Experiment Module. This new commercial airlock will be larger and more robust to better handle increasing market requirements. “The installation of NanoRacks’ commercial airlock will help us keep up with demand,” said Boeing International Space Station program manager Mark Mulqueen. “This is a big step in facilitating commercial business on the ISS.” Jeffrey Manber, CEO of NanoRacks, said, “We are entering a new chapter in the space station program where the private sector is taking on more responsibilities. We see this as only the beginning and are delighted to team with our friends at Boeing.” See other recent news regarding: Boeing, NanoRacks, Satellites. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17s Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 Show More Travel News IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview APAC Airlines Carried 293m Int Pax in 2016 Frasers to Open Fourth Jakarta Property in Q3 Wyndham Opens Tryp Hotel in Yangon, Myanmar First Fairmont Hotel Opens in Western China Daydream Island Resort in Australia to Close Finnair to Trial Alipay on Flights JAL Adopts Honeywell's Fuel Software IATA's Cargo-XML Messaging Standard Integrated into ASYCUDAWorld AccorHotels Appoints Deputy CEO - APAC Hotels: APAC Reports 2016 Increase in RevPAR Mantra Appoints Development Manager Amadeus Appoints Global Head of Business Travel Boeing's 2nd ABS Satellite Enters Service Rockwell Collins Expands Weather Program Delta and Aeromexico Official Airlines of LAFC Smiths Receives Clearance for Morpho Acquisition Myanmar Calls for Investment in Responsible Tourism JAC Takes Delivery of First ATR 42-600 SITA Appoints President - Air Travel Solutions MHG Opens First Oaks Hotel in India Singapore Airlines Partners Lalique US Hotels Report Increase in RevPAR Marriott Signs W Hotel in Budapest, Hungary Hyatt Signs First Centric Hotel in France Emirates Using Sabre's Merchandising Tech SITA Appoints President - Asia Pacific Vietjet to Launch Flights Between Singapore and Hanoi Carlson Breaks Ground on First Hotel in Sri Lanka Emirates to Launch 3rd Daily Nairobi Flight AIME Searches Rising Star of MICE Industry London Reports Record Number of Arrivals Etihad to Operate 14 Flights Per Week to Dusseldorf International Year of Sustainable Tourism Ascott Signs Six Properties in China Finnair to Increase Capacity to HK, S'pore and Thailand AirAsia X Enhances IFE with Huawei Mediapad 2 Park Hotel Group to Launch New Brand Int. Tourist Arrivals Up 3.9% in 2016 Emirates to Launch Daily Zagreb Flights Movenpick Signs Hotel in Quang Binh, VN ATR Delivers First 72-600 in Argentina eRevMax Integrates with ByHours American Airlines to Sell Basic Economy British & Irish Lions Stregthen Team Luxury 6-Room Hotel to Open in Hua Hin Accor Opens ibis Hotel in Kochi, India HKIA Handled 70.5m Pax in 2016 Flynas Orders 60 Airbus Aircraft Bombardier Remarkets 13 CRJ900 Aircraft UNWTO and JICA to Promote Sustainable Tourism Dorsett Opens Silka Tsuen Wan in HK Finnair and Flybe Expand Codeshare Agreement Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints DOSM Celebrity Cruises Appoints Head of Sales Asia Elbit Wins US$17m BrightNite Contract France 24 Expands Presence in Thailand IHG's First Kimpton Hotel Outside of Americas Appoints GM Travelodge to Open Hong Kong Hotel AirAsia to Increase Bangkok - Mandalay Emirates to Launch A380 Flights to Brazil Radisson Blu Opens in Faridabad, India Movenpick Opens Hotel in Colombo Shiji Acquires ReviewPro RBH to Manage Holiday Inn Express in Edinburgh, Scotland Seychelles Reports 42% Increase in Arrivals from India Vietjet Launches Ho Chi Minh - Taichung Flights Exec Appointments at Diethelm Singapore Sabre Hospitality Appoints MD/CCO APAC Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Hawaii Flights in June SIA Signs LOI for 39 Boeing Aircraft Air Canada Unveils New Livery and Uniforms Regal Hotels Partners Malaysia Airlines Bespoke Collage Created for Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London Etihad Airways Appoints GM - China Metropolitan Bangkok Completes Renovation GTAC Welcomes Year of Sustainable Tourism United Previews New Houston Terminal Delta CEO Meets with President Trump Mantra Signs FV Project in Brisbane, Australia Artists Transform Delta's Tray Tables Elbit Wins US$110m Deal to Upgrade Mi-17 Man City FC Stars in Etihad Fitness Video GHA Expands Partnership with Sabre AirAsia Searching for ASEAN's Top Fashion Designers British & Irish Lions Launch NZ Tour App Finnair to Increase Flights to Russia Qatar Increases Pharma Express Flights Airbus Helicopters Gains Market Share in North America Emirates Launches Pay-Per-Visit Airport Lounges Mandarin Oriental to Open Hotel in Hawaii ALHI Acquires Worldhotels IATA Calls for Stronger European Aviation Industry Minor Appoints VP Development - EMEA Asiana to Implement Aircraft Tracking pentahotels Appoints Area General Manager Record Numbers for Hamad Int Airport Expansion Plans of Travelodge Hotels Asia Qatar Airways Launches Auckland Flights Four Seasons Opens Second Luxury Hotel in London Cyber Security Training Center to Open in Tokyo Air Cote d'Ivoire Aircraft to Install WiFi Asia's First Six Nations Match Official NanoRacks and Boeing to Develop Commercial Airlock FCS Computer Systems Opens Saigon Office Mantra Opens Hotel in Port Macquarie AccorHotels to Acquire Travel Keys Pan Pacific Appoints VP Operations Support and Pre-Openings Scoot Appoints General Manager - Australia Air Canada Rouge to Launch Reykjavik Flights Belmond Appoints Senior Director of Development MEAI ATR and Sweden's BRA Perform First ATR Biofuel Flight Delta to Expand Cincinnati Operations Loyalty Programs of AccorHotels and Qatar Airways Join Forces New Water Jet Technology at Dubai Boat Show AHS Signs Second U Hotel in Pattaya, TH Korean Air Making a Difference in Sulawesi Global Jets Surpass 2,500 Takeoffs / Landings in Aspen SpiceRoads Offering Free Bike Hire on Madagascar Tour Movenpick to Take Over Resort in Hua Hin, Thailand Aviation: RPKs Up 6.3% in 2016 Amazon to Open Air Cargo Hub in Kentucky, USA IBM and United Collaborate on Enterprise iOS Apps SpiceRoads Launches Annual ANZAC Ride in Thailand One Championship Appoints VP of PR and Communications Etihad and Lufthansa Sign US$100m Deal Thomas Winkelmann Becomes CEO of airberlin Paul John to Head HKSI's Sevens Programme USAF and Boeing in New Deal to Sustain GPS Constellations Bologna Airport to Speed Up Immigration Thai AirAsia Increases Domestic Fares Destination Asia Appoints GM Thailand Central Hotels to Double Number of Rooms in Dubai Lifetime Achievement Award for Lonely Planet Founders ClearVision EVS Trials Volcanic Ash Detection 2017 Global Hotel Reputation Benchmark Report Mahan Air Appoints APG as GSA in France Six Nations Gives Air Charter Service Boost Microsoft to Upgrade PATA's Online Data Platform United and Avianca to Expand Relationship Best Western Targets 100 SureStay Hotels by End-2017 IHG Appoints VP Development South West Asia Avani Hotels Appoints Group Director Exec Appointments at Destination Asia China AA Appoints New SVP Int & Cargo Super Bowl to Give Houston RevPAR Boost Belarus Launches 5-Day Visa-Free Policy airberlin Welcomes FCA Wet Lease Decision CityJet Orders Six CRJ900 Aircraft Airlines and Airports Prepare to Predict the Future FAA Gives Green Light for AirAsia X Flights to USA Dusit Rolls Out TQM Systems Across Portfolio SuperStar Virgo to Homeport in Shanghai Air India Moves to London Heathrow's T2 Hotels in Canada Report Increase in ADR, OR and RevPAR SAS to Launch Stockholm - Ibiza Flights Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 11 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Disney tightens Euro Disney grip in deal with Saudi's Alwaleed Riyadh Governor approves two airport locations Qatar to float tenders for aquatic farming projects Saudi sovereign fund says it's not considering stake in Six Flags Sales tax hike on steel will cripple Jordan's housing sector Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project One Palm: Search on for buyer of Dubai’s costliest penthouse Qatar ministry says all transport projects on schedule Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Nakheel appoints infrastructure consultant for Madinat Al Arab project Qatar awards 90% of FIFA World Cup projects DNO to revive two wells in Oman's Block 8 offshore UAE offers solutions to combat climate change Iran to have $50 bln oil revenues next year: Min IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Thomson Reuters acquires Clarient and Avox Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Saudi Binladin to get $2.7 bln extension for Mecca mosque Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Dubai Islamic Bank issues $1 billion senior Sukuk Takaful Emarat net profit increases 47% in 2016 Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Kuwait's Agility files $380 mln telecoms arbitration case vs Iraq Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 Hundreds of thousands in Iran chant 'Death to America': TV Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Non-oil growth in GCC likely to pick up in 2017 EU sharpens competition tools to face Gulf carrier challenge Saudi-led coalition strikes Yemeni port, civilians at risk Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Assad rejects safe zones in Syria - Yahoo News interview U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Investment vital for growth in Lebanon Jordan starts work on major solar power project Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Support growing for amending Libya government leadership: UN Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Trump weighs revised travel ban In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban Emirates says flight delayed after Delta refuse spare part Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Trump tax talk lifts Wall Street to record high Bahrain's Investcorp targets U.S. service sector, UK property Tunisia launches 850 mln seven-year bond at 5.75% Dollar at 1-1/2-week high vs. yen on Trump tax vow Egyptian pound strengthens as foreign investors return Tunisia starts marketing seven-year euro benchmark bond Gold steadies as dollar, U.S. Treasury yields pare gains Abu Dhabi seeks over 240,000 T gasoline after recent fire IEA says record OPEC cut compliance helps oil market rebalance Oil prices stable on strong Chinese imports Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Trump weighs revised travel ban Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case UAE reshuffles Global Advisory Council Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Trump weighs revised travel ban Islamic finance body drafts new standard for centralised sharia boards Saying no to counterfeits is social responsibility: Official Bahrain reveals details of fugitive capture East Lebanon residents demand amnesty Egypt shuts torture victims treatment centre -lawyer Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Jordan's agriculture sector leaders decry new worker permit fees Saudi regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case Saudi considers shortening trucker visa Qatar Cabinet approves draft law on domestic workers Kuwaitis must exceed expats: MP Abu Dhabi residents warned not to dry laundry in public New Labor Law clause irks Saudis Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Viral infections on the rise in UAE UAE boy’s 13-year ordeal under phototherapy machine ends Genetic study may make quinoa the grain of the future Dietary protein may help muscle health New resolution issued on private schools in Dubai Call for Saudis to apply to US education program Sharjah updates title of Unesco heritage site bid LinkedIn reveals most overused buzzwords in Saudi Arabia Trump criticizes Nordstrom after retailer drops Ivanka brand A.R. Rahman in concert in UAE UAE: 50 women to start 120km walk in the desert 'Robots' explores what it means to be human Emirates has diverted 60 flights over medical emergencies Lighting rod, not crane crashed on hotel tower in Dubai U.S., Japan first ladies: both unconventional yet poles apart Grammy Awards shape up as clash of pop titans Beyonce and Adele Michael Jackson's mom bullied and afraid of nephew George Clooney and wife Amal expecting twins -Matt Damon Cricket-Kohli double ton leads India's Hyderabad run feast Soccer-Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role Tenth Red Bull Air Race to be hosted by Abu Dhabi Pakistan Super League stars gear up for action Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Abu Dhabi airline Etihad Airways signs deal to use Boeing weather systems 07 February, 2017 Tuesday, Feb 07, 2017 Seattle: Etihad Airways has inked a four-year deal to introduce the Boeing Wind Updates solution into their systems, the American aerospace giant said in a statement on Tuesday. Boeing, the developers of the optimisation instrument, claim it will lessen fuel consumption and increase efficiency across the Etihad’s global operations. The tool will also allow Etihad to utilize real-time intelligence on wind and temperature conditions anywhere in the world, optimising inflight airplane performance fleet-wide. More up-to-date and accurate weather information is expected to reduce fuel consumption for Etihad Airways by an average of 200-400 lbs (90-180 kgs) of fuel per flight, according to the statement. Advertisement Staff Report Gulf News 2017. All rights reserved. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: technology uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Four Seasons Hotel Bahrain Bay welcomes new general manager Richard Raab 08 Feb 2017 Jim McIlvenny named as new U.S.'s Dow India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey President 07 Feb 2017 Islamic Development Bank appoints Dr. Abdulhakim Elwaer as group spokesperson 07 Feb 2017 Bahrain's Avaya appoints Faten Halabi to drive sales growth for Bahrain, Iraq, Kuwait and Pakistan 06 Feb 2017 Franklin Templeton appoints Sandeep Singh as Senior Director & Regional Head, Central Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa 06 Feb 2017 Gulf's TKD Lingerie welcomes new communications director 06 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 363 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. Post to Facebook Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump meeting with airline CEOs to focus on jobs Today in the Sky Bart Jansen , USA TODAY Published 7:39 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 | Updated 12:59 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 468 Shares The tail of an Emirates airline plane can be seen to the left of two aircraft of Qatar Airways.  (Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP) WASHINGTON – In a pair of U.S. airline disputes with foreign carriers, the White House signaled Tuesday that President Trump’s focus will be on domestic jobs. The question previewed a meeting Trump scheduled Thursday with Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian and United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz. Those legacy carriers and American Airlines have asked the administration to block additional flights from state-owned Emirates, Etihad and Qatar airlines because they received an alleged $50 billion in subsidies during the last decade, which the carriers deny. The question also touched on Norwegian Air International, which won Transportation Department approval in December to serve the U.S. Airline unions have urged Trump to overturn the approval by arguing Norwegian is skirting labor laws with headquarters in Ireland, which the airline denies. QATAR AIRWAYS: This 17-hour flight is now the longest in the world Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, said Trump wants to talk with the Big 3 airline executives about economic growth and job creation. Spicer noted that Norwegian has hired American-based crews and is buying Boeing planes that provide “a huge economic interest” for the country. “I don't want to get ahead of the president on that, but just to be clear, we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes,” Spicer said. “That’s a very big difference.” Anders Lindstrom, a Norwegian spokesman, said the airline flies an all-Boeing fleet of 120 aircraft and has ordered another 120. The airline will take delivery of nine 787 Dreamliners, six 737 MAX and 17 737-800 aircraft this year, he said. “No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian,” Lindstrom said. “We currently have 500 U.S. based cabin crew and is the only foreign airline to be recruiting American pilots, all of which are hired under local laws and regulations with competitive packages.” USA TODAY Unions appeal DOT approval of Norwegian Air USA TODAY Norwegian Air confirms Providence will be base for Europe flights The AFL-CIO, the Air Line Pilots Association, the Allied Pilots Association, the Association of Flight Attendants—CWA and the Transportation Trades Department have sued the government to overturn the Norwegian decision. Pilots have said they hope to work with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to overturn her predecessor's approval. In terms of the Middle East airlines, the Obama administration conducted informal talks with the governments of United Arab Emirates and Qatar. But the previous administration didn’t reopen the so-called Open Skies agreements that provide unhindered flights between the countries. "Obviously the president's going to want to talk about economic growth and job creation, how he's enacting orders to make sure the country's safe," Spicer said. U.S. executives hope for a better reception from the Trump administration. “The subsidies allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition,” Bastian, Munoz and American CEO Doug Parker wrote Feb. 1 to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. “In fact, for every long-haul route lost or foregone as a result of subsidized Gulf carrier competition, more than 1,500 American jobs are lost.” Parker won't be able to attend the meeting because of his airline's longstanding leadership conference in Dallas, according to spokesman Matt Miller. "Doug shares President Trump’s commitment to modernizing our nation’s infrastructure and looks forward to working with his administration to ensure all Americans have access to safe and efficient air travel," Miller said. USA TODAY Qatar Air reveals Boeing jetliner deal worth up to $18.6 billion Gulf carriers also buy a few planes. Qatar Airways, for example, announced an $18.6-billion Boeing order in October. The airline already has a combined total of more than 60 777 and 787 "Dreamliners" in its fleet. Elsewhere in the Gulf region, Emirates is the world's largest operator of Boeing's 777 wide-body, with more than 135 already in its fleet and another two dozen on order. Those orders are worth billions of dollars to Boeing. Fast-growing Etihad also has bought Boeing products, with nearly three-dozen Boeing wide-body jets currently in its fleet and future orders that could swell that number to more than 100. Some U.S. carriers opposed the Big 3 effort, including JetBlue and Hawaiian, which offer connections to the Middle East carriers, and FedEx and Atlas Air, which fly freight to the region. Vice President Mike Pence is meeting Wednesday with FedEx CEO Fred Smith. Those airlines have grouped together to help form a coalition called U.S. Airlines for Open Skies, which is opposed to the push being made by the U.S. Big 3. "The demands of the legacy carriers would reduce competition, undermine Open Skies, and harm the American economy,"  group spokesman Andrea McCarthy said in statement to Today in the Sky. "Rather than caving to these demands, we should support Open Skies agreements, which benefit American workers, the American military, made-in-America exports, and American travelers." Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kKYFiV Most Popular Which seat is better: Window or aisle? 1.1k Shares Airline pilots still hope Trump will dump Norwegian Air 490 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 2.8k Shares Creature Craft: Making extreme whitewater rapids ... safe? 841 Shares Ariz.'s newest roadside oddity looks like it fell from space 223 Shares Michael Schwartz's Miami pizzeria is a must-try 138 Shares
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 16 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Enhance your living space with elegant and modern California ceilings Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Knowing When The Bottom Line is Too Much Home News Business Héroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs in response to... | Feb 07, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Héroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs in response to customers’ reduced production rate Aerospace company has plants in Cambridge and Kitchener Héroux-Devtek CEO speaks Mathew McCarthy,Record staff File Photo Gilles Labbé, chief executive of Héroux-Devtek Inc., speaks at the company's new facility in Cambridge in 2015. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record LONGUEUIL, Que. — Héroux-Devtek Inc. says it will be cutting 90 employees from its workforce by the end of 2017 because some customers have announced reductions to the production rates for certain aircraft programs. The Montreal-based aerospace company, which makes landing gear for Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft manufacturers, said Tuesday the job cuts would be throughout its offices and plants but didn't provide any other details. Héroux-Devtek operates plants in Cambridge and Kitchener. It opened a plant on Boxwood Drive that makes landing gear systems for Boeing B-777 and B-777X jets in June 2015. Its plant on Highland Road West makes medium to large-size landing gear components. At the time the Cambridge plant was opening, the company said it employed 250 people in Ontario, most of them in Waterloo Region. According to regulatory documents filed last year, Héroux-Devtek employed about 1,400 people in Canada and the United States. Its head office is in Longueuil, Que., a suburb of Montreal. "In response to evolving market conditions, Héroux-Devtek is acting diligently by adjusting its workforce, while remaining in close contact with its customers to monitor the situation," chief executive Gilles Labbé said in a news release. "We regret the consequences of this decision on affected employees and their families and we will take equitable measures to provide them with all the support they deserve," he said. The announcement about the job cuts was included with Héroux-Devtek's third-quarter financial results. The company estimated the workforce reduction will result in a $4.8-million expense to be recorded in the company's 2017 fiscal fourth quarter, which ends March 31. In its third quarter ended Dec. 31, Héroux-Devtek had $98.5 million of sales, up from $96.6 million a year earlier. Net income rose to $8.2 million, or 23 cents per share, from $7 million, or 19 cents per share. On an adjusted basis, Héroux-Devtek earned $6 million, or 17 cents per share, in the third quarter, down from $7.0 million, or 19 cents per share. With files from Record staff | Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Debt relief options: Bankruptcy isn’t the only solution Kevin Thatcher & Associates Ltd, located in Kitchener, can help with your financial troubles. If... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Plumbing repairs require licensed plumbers John L Plumbing & Drain Cleaning is a full-service plumbing company serving Kitchener-Waterloo,... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Santa Claus is coming to town Mark Sunday, November 20, 2016, down on your calendar, because the big guy in red will be riding... How to select a fastener storage bin Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that with screws, washers, nuts and bolts being so... How to make regular physical activity a lifelong habit The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility.... Boulevard Limousine covers all of your business transportation needs If you are in the corporate or business world, you know that time is money, so Kitchener-Waterloo’s... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... What to look for when choosing an RV unit Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, is a family-owned business into its... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Notley to head to Washington to talk trade PreviousNext VW subsidiary invests $2 billion to promote electric cars Businesses not confident in economy: survey The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / February 7 Market Close: GovCon Index Higher on Boeing Lift, US Stocks End Positive Despite PM Dip February 7 Market Close: GovCon Index Higher on Boeing Lift, US Stocks End Positive Despite PM Dip Ross Wilkers February 7, 2017 Financial Report, News 89 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index closed higher Tuesday with a strong performance by Boeing (NYSE: BA) the main contributor, while U.S. stocks ended slightly green despite an afternoon descent as investors eyed oil price declines. GovCon Index gainers outnumbered decliners by a 2-to-1 ratio as nine of its 11 S&P 500 components advanced with co-listed Boeing the GCI’s top overall net performer as the airplane maker also led the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s climb to a record high during the session. Fellow GovCon Index-S&P 500 stock Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) ended second-highest for GCI net gainers, while AECOM (NYSE: ACM) ended third-best for GCI net gainers as the global engineering and construction company topped Wall Street’s consensus earnings and revenue forecasts for the second quarter. Energy tumbled more than 1 percent to lead seven major S&P sectors lower as crude oil futures in New York settled down 1.58 percent to $52.17 a barrel on trader concern over U.S. shale production possibly holding up efforts to scale back a worldwide supply glut, Reuters reported. Consumer shares closed as the day’s top performing S&P sector. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 89.575 +0.201 +0.237% S&P 500 2,293.08 +0.52 +0.02% Dow Jones Industrial Average 20,090.29 +37.87 +0.19% NASDAQ 5,674.22 +10.67 +0.19% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 20 Declining GovCon Index Issues 10 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change BA Boeing * 166.50 +2.52 +1.54% LMT Lockheed Martin * 256.37 +1.06 +0.42% ACM AECOM 38.12 +0.97 +2.61% BAESY BAE Systems 29.90 +0.58 +1.98% RTN Raytheon * 148.12 +0.57 +0.39% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ ACM AECOM 38.12 +0.97 +2.61% BAESY BAE Systems 29.90 +0.58 +1.98% BA Boeing * 166.50 +2.52 +1.54% CSRA CSRA * 32.55 +0.25 +0.77% EGL Engility Holdings 29.45 +0.21 +0.72% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change MMS Maximus 54.81 -0.59 -1.06% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 199.01 -0.44 -0.22% LLL L3 Technologies * 160.75 -0.26 -0.16% VEC Vectrus 22.26 -0.21 -0.93% CACI CACI International 129.30 -0.15 -0.12% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ MMS Maximus 54.81 -0.59 -1.06% VEC Vectrus 22.26 -0.21 -0.93% CAE CAE 14.10 -0.07 -0.49% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 199.01 -0.44 -0.22% LLL L3 Technologies * 160.75 -0.26 -0.16% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ACM aecom ba BAE BAESY Boeing cae crude oil CSRA EGL energy Engility featured financial report govcon GovCon Index hii huntington ingalls industries L3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin Maximus mms Raytheon rtn S&P 500 VEC Vectrus Related Articles February 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Breaks 90 After 2 Months Below Mark, Ends Week Higher February 10, 2017 Weekly Roundup February 6 – February 10 2017: How to ‘Like’ This Year’s Wash100 Class & more February 10, 2017 Quantum Research International Appoints James Lackey, Brad Kettner to Lead Defense Programs February 10, 2017 Check Also Army Awards 8 Spots on $3B Space, Missile Defense Tech R&D Contract The U.S. Army has awarded eight companies positions on a potential nine-year, $3.04 billion contract … Robin Lineberger Adds Global, US Aerospace & Defense Leadership Roles at Deloitte Robin Lineberger, lead client service partner for the aerospace and defense industry practice at Deloitte, has been … Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags February 10 Market Close: GovCon Index Breaks 90 After 2 Months Below Mark, Ends Week Higher February 10, 2017 Lockheed-Built Updated C-130J Goes Through Test at Little Rock AFB February 10, 2017 Lockheed Martin Canada Teams With Rank Software for Co-Branded Cybersecurity Offering February 10, 2017 Intel Plans $7B Investment for Future Semiconductor Factory in Arizona February 10, 2017 Weekly Roundup February 6 – February 10 2017: How to ‘Like’ This Year’s Wash100 Class & more February 10, 2017 HPE, CSC Reveal Board of Directors for Future Combined IT Services Company February 3, 2017 1,585 Executive Mosaic Reveals 2017 Wash100 Inductees: GovCon Arena’s Most Influential Leaders & Voices January 26, 2017 1,202 Leidos Defense Group Head Michael Leiter Leaves Company January 23, 2017 874 Canadian Military Vet Richard Foster Joins L3 in Corporate VP Role February 2, 2017 845 SC3 Promotes Chuck Hicks as Strategy EVP, Adds CTO Role for Chad Wagner February 7, 2017 803 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Executive moves Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics GovCon Index SAIC DOD U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz CACI Receives $50.5M Army Contract Modification for Personnel & Pay System Support Chuck Hicks Promoted to EVP for Strategic Growth at SC3 DoD, Lockheed Finalize $8.5B Deal for 90 Lot 10 F-35 Jets HPE, CSC Name Board Members for Post-Merger IT Services Company South Korea’s Potential $140M Buy of Raytheon-Built Missiles Gets State Dept Clearance ACT I Names Former Alion Directorate Support Manager as Program Mgmt EVP; Michael Niggel Comments @Follow Me #GovConIndex moves higher, US stocks close at records on Trump tax news anticipation. $CUB $LMT $BA $GD $LLL #GovCon https://t.co/XkVImKudjN42 mins ago New post: Lockheed-Built Updated C-130J Goes Through Test at Little Rock AFB https://t.co/MzAJGUzELG2 hours ago Stratcom Lead Gen. John Hyten Named to 2017 #Wash100 for Space & Cyber Initiative Leadership. #GovCon https://t.co/gribsUb0Bd3 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
02112017Sat                                            English-French IranFocus Home Iran Iran (General) Nuclear Human Rights Women Intelligence Reports Terrorism Exclusive Reports Life in Iran Nuclear Iran & Neighbours Iraq Afghanistan Syria Economy Tehran Grapevine Opinion Iran in the World Press Editorial Op-Ed Multimedia Blog Boeing deal with Iran could soon unravel Details Economy 07 February 2017 Print Email Twitter Iran Focus London, 7 Feb - Late last year, Boeing announced a deal to sell 80 passenger jets to Iran, which had many Regime sceptics up in arms. The Iranian Regime uses passenger planes to transfer illegal shipments of weapons to terror cells in the middle east and move military personnel covertly into other countries; so the idea of doing that with American-made planes was terrifying for the US government. Unfortunately, this deal was not been affected by either the extension of the Iran Sanctions Act signed by Barack Obama shortly before he left office or the recent expansion signed by Donald Trump last week, following Iran’s missile test. However, it could still unravel. Richard Aboulafia, vice president of analysis at Virginia-based industry consultancy Teal Group, said: "The Drumpf administration is absolutely determined to ratchet up tensions and the Iranians will, of course, being hardliners there, want to do the same." If tensions continue to rise, Iran may well pull out of the Boeing deal themselves, according to industry observers. The deal is not only the sale of planes but also maintenance of them. Moody's analyst Russell Solomon, who covers the aerospace and defence industry, said: "It's a risk, but not something that will overwhelm [Boeing]. They do have a tremendous amount of operating and financial flexibility because of strength of the balance sheet, a strong liquidity profile and a very significant order book." On Friday, a Boeing spokesman said that the deal had received federal authorization from the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, but is that changed, Boeing would "act accordingly”. Their first plane shipment is due for 2018, so there is still time for the deal to collapse.   Search search Two prisoners were hanged in Sarpol-e Zahab (western Iran) Iran: ُHorrible scene of a family trapped in a car, swallowed by flood in Sistan & Baluchestan Iran: Tehran's Iconic High-Rise (Plasco Building) Collapsed Due to Fire More than 1,500 retired teachers held a protest gathering in front of Iran Regime's parliament Iran: Execution of four young men in public in Qeshm- 23 November The untold story of the 1988 Massacre in Iran Reyhaneh Jabbari's will Her voice recording from inside prison Public execution in Kazerun, Iran - August 11, 2016 blog Censorship Kills: Remembering Sattar Behesthi The New Orientalism: Iran as a Political Commodit... Iran Freedom Convention Makes Global Impact Other Articles Iran Echo Chamber Demonizes Dissidents Iran Launches New Wave of Repression Despite Facad... About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us
February 11, 2017 0942 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:177203 Publish Date: Tue, 07 Feb 2017 19:16:37 GMT Service: Iran Akhundi: Contracts with Boeing, Airbus still in force Iran’s roads and urban development minister rejected the possibility that Donald Trump’s recent stances could lead to cancellation or suspension of Iran’s aircraft purchase contracts. Abbas Akhundi made the remarks in response to claims made by Western media on possibility of cancellation or suspension of Iran’s agreements with Boeing and Airbus in view of the recent orders issued by the US president, Mehr News Agency reported. The Iranian official deemed it improbable that Trump’s recent stances could affect aircraft purchase deals with the two giant manufacturers. Meanwhile, CNN has stated that a bill was introduced in Congress that could curtail the jetliner deals between Airbus and Boeing and Iran. CNN has also reported that even though America’s recent sanctions against Iran do not cover the agreement with Boeing over purchase of 89 passenger jets, the odds are high for the deal to be cancelled. Iran Air recently took delivery of the first of 100 jets it has ordered from Airbus while the first of 80 aircraft from Boeing are scheduled to arrive in 2018.     KeyWords Boeing Airbus Iran   Related News : Iran says final deals ‘close’ with Airbus, Boeing Official: Iran expects US export licenses for aircraft by Sept.-end Iran eyeing big buys from Boeing, Airbus Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News FM disapproves anti-Kuwaiti picture in Feb. 11 rallies Iran hopes ECO summit in Pakistan will further enhance cooperation US will fully implement JCPOA: EU’s Mogherini NAM deplores US coercive measures against Iran Iran says Daesh elements arrested in vicinity of capital Iranians celebrate 38th anniversary of Islamic Revolution Iran’s Ezzatolahi joins Russian Anzhi Makhachkala Iran defeated by Japan in international basketball friendly Iran’s Jamshidiyan wins omnium cycling silver in Asian meet Iran’s Abadan to host Greco-Roman World Cup 2017 Most Visited CIA honors Saudi crown prince with 'George Tenet Medal' ‘Frustrated’ Trump’s insistence on Muslim ban ‘unconstitutional’: Analyst Trump says he’s considering ‘brand new order’ on immigration www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/1436 sec
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Aeromexico Reports January 2017 Traffic Results MEXICO CITY, Feb. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. (“Aeromexico”) (BMV: AEROMEX) today reported January 2017 operational results. Grupo Aeromexico transported 1 million 638 thousand passengers in January; a 7.5% year-on-year increase. International passenger numbers increased by 5.0%, while domestic passenger numbers increased by 9.0%. Demand, measured in Revenue Passenger Kilometers (RPKs), increased by 9.4%, year-on-year. Aeromexico’s capacity, measured in Available Seat Kilometers (ASKs), increased by 8.0%, year-on-year. Aeromexico’s January load factor was 78.5%, an increase of 1.0 p.p. compared to January 2016.  January  2017 2016  Var   RPKs (itinerary + charter, millions)   Domestic  960 854 12.5%  International  2,097 1,940 8.1%  Total  3,057 2,793 9.4%  ASKs (itinerary + charter, millions)   Domestic  1,329 1,175 13.1%  International  2,569 2,433 5.6%  Total  3,897 3,608 8.0%  Load Factor (itinerary, %)  p.p.  Domestic  72.3 72.7 -0.4  International  81.7 79.8 1.9  Total  78.5 77.4 1.0  Passengers (itinerary + charter, thousands)   Domestic  1,048 962 9.0%  International  590 562 5.0%  Total  1,638 1,524 7.5% Figures may not sum to total due to rounding. The information included within this report has not been audited and does not provide information on the Company‘s future performance. Aeromexico‘s future performance depends on many factors and it cannot be inferred that any period‘s performance or its year-over-year comparison will be an indicator of similar future performance. Glossary: “RPKs“ Revenue Passenger Kilometers represent one revenue-passenger transported one kilometer. This includes itinerary and charter flights. The total RPKs equals the number of revenue-passengers transported multiplied by the total distance flown. “ASKs“ Available Seat Kilometers represent the number of available seats multiplied by the distance flown. This metric is an indicator of the airline’s capacity. It equals one seat offered for one kilometer, whether or not the seat is used. “Load Factor“ equals the number of passengers transported as a percentage of the number of seats offered. It is a measure of the airline’s capacity utilization. This metric takes into account the total passengers transported and total seats available in itinerary flights only. “Passengers” refers to the total number of passengers transported by the airline. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico´s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 3 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 2 in Asia. The Group’s fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliner’s. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and WestJet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com www.skyteam.com http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aeromexico-reports-january-2017-traffic-results-300403334.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Companies, company, fleet, jet, Travel, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gazprom Neft Omsk Refinery implementing environmental project of federal significance Next PostNext JSL Foods(R) Launches the New Fortune Noodle Consumer Club and Brand Character Chef Yaki Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 16 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Enhance your living space with elegant and modern California ceilings Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Knowing When The Bottom Line is Too Much Home News Business Héroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs in response to... | Feb 07, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Héroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs in response to customers’ reduced production rate Aerospace company has plants in Cambridge and Kitchener Héroux-Devtek CEO speaks Mathew McCarthy,Record staff File Photo Gilles Labbé, chief executive of Héroux-Devtek Inc., speaks at the company's new facility in Cambridge in 2015. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record LONGUEUIL, Que. — Héroux-Devtek Inc. says it will be cutting 90 employees from its workforce by the end of 2017 because some customers have announced reductions to the production rates for certain aircraft programs. The Montreal-based aerospace company, which makes landing gear for Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft manufacturers, said Tuesday the job cuts would be throughout its offices and plants but didn't provide any other details. Héroux-Devtek operates plants in Cambridge and Kitchener. It opened a plant on Boxwood Drive that makes landing gear systems for Boeing B-777 and B-777X jets in June 2015. Its plant on Highland Road West makes medium to large-size landing gear components. At the time the Cambridge plant was opening, the company said it employed 250 people in Ontario, most of them in Waterloo Region. According to regulatory documents filed last year, Héroux-Devtek employed about 1,400 people in Canada and the United States. Its head office is in Longueuil, Que., a suburb of Montreal. "In response to evolving market conditions, Héroux-Devtek is acting diligently by adjusting its workforce, while remaining in close contact with its customers to monitor the situation," chief executive Gilles Labbé said in a news release. "We regret the consequences of this decision on affected employees and their families and we will take equitable measures to provide them with all the support they deserve," he said. The announcement about the job cuts was included with Héroux-Devtek's third-quarter financial results. The company estimated the workforce reduction will result in a $4.8-million expense to be recorded in the company's 2017 fiscal fourth quarter, which ends March 31. In its third quarter ended Dec. 31, Héroux-Devtek had $98.5 million of sales, up from $96.6 million a year earlier. Net income rose to $8.2 million, or 23 cents per share, from $7 million, or 19 cents per share. On an adjusted basis, Héroux-Devtek earned $6 million, or 17 cents per share, in the third quarter, down from $7.0 million, or 19 cents per share. With files from Record staff | Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Debt relief options: Bankruptcy isn’t the only solution Kevin Thatcher & Associates Ltd, located in Kitchener, can help with your financial troubles. If... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Plumbing repairs require licensed plumbers John L Plumbing & Drain Cleaning is a full-service plumbing company serving Kitchener-Waterloo,... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Santa Claus is coming to town Mark Sunday, November 20, 2016, down on your calendar, because the big guy in red will be riding... How to select a fastener storage bin Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that with screws, washers, nuts and bolts being so... How to make regular physical activity a lifelong habit The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility.... Boulevard Limousine covers all of your business transportation needs If you are in the corporate or business world, you know that time is money, so Kitchener-Waterloo’s... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... What to look for when choosing an RV unit Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, is a family-owned business into its... Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Notley to head to Washington to talk trade PreviousNext VW subsidiary invests $2 billion to promote electric cars Businesses not confident in economy: survey The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Saudi Arabia to get more radars for F-15 fleet By Ryan Maass   |   Feb. 7, 2017 at 8:37 AM Follow @upi Comments Feb. 7 (UPI) -- Boeing received an $18 million contract from the U.S. Air Force to provide AN/APG-63(V) radars for Saudi Arabia's F-15SA aircraft. The contract covers three of the radars, and follows the kingdom's recent commissioning of F-15SA fighter jets in January. The planes feature updated avionics, active electronically scanned array, or AESA, radars, and ASM-135 missiles. According to the U.S. Department of Defense, work on the contract will take place in Forest, Miss., and is expected to be complete by March 2017. The contract is comprised entirely of foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at the Robins Air Force Base in Georgia is listed as the contracting activity. The F-15SA is the Saudi variant of the Boeing-made F-15, a twin-engine tactical fighter initially developed for air supremacy missions. Currently, the plane is also fitted with ground attack capabilities. Additional operators of the aircraft include Israel, Japan, Britain, Germany and the United States. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories DARPA demonstrates SideArm UAS capture system Engie, Airbus tapped to support French defense networks Schiebel to supply S-100 UAV for Australian navy Comments Topics: Robins Air Force Base Latest Headlines Canada taps General Dynamics for armored vehicle upgrades 12 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- General Dynamics Land Systems - Canada received a $308 million contract to upgrade 141 Light Armored Vehicles for the government of Canada. IAI's Barak-8 test-fired at sea 13 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Israel Aerospace Industries' Barak-8 surface-to-air missile was recently test-fired at sea to verify its capabilities. U.S. Air Force test-launches Minuteman III missile 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- U.S. Air Force personnel from bases in Minot, N.D., and Vandenberg, Calif., completed a test launch with an unarmed Minuteman III missile. U.S. Navy to christen littoral combat ship USS Tulsa 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy is set to christen its latest Independence-class littoral combat ship USS Tulsa during a ceremony in Mobile, Ala., on Saturday. Accenture Security to acquire iDefense 15 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Accenture Security has announced its intent to acquire VeriSign's iDefense Security Intelligence Services business. UPI Latest Trending Stories 'Relieved' family publishes honest obituary for 'evil' Texas man Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Peta Murgatroyd step out after son's birth Trump travel ban facing defeat in Virginia; White House may start over instead New England Patriots RB James White gets his Tom Brady truck after all Florida man rescues bald eagle from alligator's mouth PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations Lunar New Year celebrations Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Projects C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft C295W Search and Rescue Aircraft Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer M-346 Master Advanced Fighter Trainer MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Analysis Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Global Defence Technology: Issue 70 Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers AOS Technologies - High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications Suppliers HUBER+SUHNER - Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications Suppliers AYESAS - Aviation Hardware and Software Systems Aviation Hardware and Software Systems Suppliers Oxley Group Ltd - Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » Analysis By Srivari Aishwarya On Feb 6 2017 KC-46A USAF ISIS SBIRS January's top stories: Boeing's $2.1bn contract, VSE to support USAF's $11.4bn CFT programme Boeing has secured a $2.1bn contract for the third low-rate initial production (LRIP) lot of KC-46A Pegasus tanker aircraft, VSE has received a contract to support the USAF Contract Field Teams (CFT) programme. Airforce-technology.com wraps-up the key headlines from January, 2017. Boeing receives $2.1bn LRIP contract for KC-46A tanker aircraft Boeing secured a $2.1bn contract to supply components for the third low-rate initial production (LRIP) lot of KC-46A Pegasus tanker aircraft. Awarded by the US Air Force (USAF), the contract covers the production and supply of 15 KC-46A tanker aircraft, spare engines and wing air refuelling pod kits. USAF KC-46 System programme manager colonel John Newberry said: "Placing an order for another 15 aircraft is another important milestone for the KC-46 programme. "I know the warfighter is excited about bringing this next generation capability into the inventory." VSE to support USAF's $11.4bn CFT programme VSE Corporation received a contract to support the US Air Force (USAF) Contract Field Teams (CFT) programme that has a maximum value of $11.4bn. The programme has been designed to provide rapid deployment and long-term support services for the maintenance, repair, and modernisation of aircraft, vehicles, weapons systems, and other equipment in order to support the US Government’s war readiness needs. The indefinite delivery / indefinite quantity (ID / IQ) contract is one of seven full and open prime contracts awarded to support the CFT programme. USAF announces new policies on dress and appearance The US Air Force (USAF) amended the existing tattoo policy in order to pave the way for talented and capable members to join the service. The new policies on dress and appearance are a result of a review conducted by the air force last year. The air force has eliminated the 25% tattoo rule, which means service members can now have tattoos completely covering the chest, back, arms and legs. CAE wins $762m training services contracts from RCAF and US Army CAE received two training services contracts totalling C$1bn ($762m) from the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and the US Army. Under the contract with RCAF, CAE will continue to train pilots from Nato member countries in Canada until 2023. As part of the Nato Flying Training in Canada (NFTC) programme, CAE provides ground-school classroom and simulator training and supports the live flying training of military pilots in Moose Jaw and Cold Lake. USAF B-2 bombers receive refuelling support for anti-ISIS mission in Libya The US Air Force's (USAF) KC-135 Stratotanker and KC-10 Extender tanker aircraft provided aerial refuelling support to B-2 Spirit bombers, which were carrying out an airstrike against ISIS in Libya. Two B-2 Spirit bombers, from the 509th Bomb Wing, dropped 500lb GPS-guided bombs on the camps on 18 January. The camps housed ISIS militants, who were being trained to attack the US and allied interests in North Africa and Europe. Japan launches first X-band defence communication satellite Japan reportedly launched its first military communications satellite, Kirameki-2, in an effort to modernise the Self Defence Forces' communication network. The X-band satellite was successfully launched from a Mitsubishi Heavy Industries' H-IIA rocket at the Tanegashima Space Center on 24 January. The new satellite is anticipated to support the Japanese military by boosting its emergency response capabilities, according to media sources. USAF launches third SBIRS GEO Flight 3 satellite aboard Atlas V rocket The US Air Force (USAF) successfully launched the third space-based infrared system (SBIRS) geosynchronous earth orbit (GEO) satellite from a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Lockheed Martin-built SBIRS GEO Flight 3 satellite, equipped with scanning and staring sensors, was launched on 20 January to support the USAF with early missile warning and defence. The satellite started responding to commands, approximately 37 minutes after lift-off, Lockheed stated. Israeli Air Force receives Arrow-III anti-ballistic missile The Israeli Air Force reportedly taken delivery of an operational Arrow-III anti-ballistic missile defence system. The Arrow-III interceptor, a part of the Arrow weapon system (AWS), was jointly developed by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and US-based Boeing. The AWS air defence system has been designed to detect, track, intercept and destroy incoming tactical ballistic missiles carrying a range of warheads, IAI said in a statement. Nigerian Air Force air strike kills 52 people A Nigerian Air Force fighter jet mistakenly bombed a refugee camp in the country, killing at least 52 people and injuring 120 others. The accidental air strike occurred in Rann in Borno state, when the aircraft was on its mission against Boko Haram, media sources reported. Boko Haram is an Islamic extremist group that is based in northeastern Nigeria and also active in neighbouring Cameroon, Chad and Niger. Eurofighter and NETMA sign two contracts to support Typhoon fleet Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug concluded a five-year arrangement with Nato Eurofighter and Tornado Management Organisation (NETMA) in order to boost the Eurofighter Typhoon fleet worldwide. The arrangement comprises two major contracts, the first of which involves the sustainment of engineering capabilities and programme management, and the second contract covers repairs, logistics and provision of spare parts for the Eurofighter fleet. The five-year arrangement will also offer an increased availability service while generating savings for the customer nations. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Latest News » Deals this week: Orbital Sciences, Textron Systems Support Solutions, Magellan Aerospace 10 Feb USAF test launches Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile 10 Feb Report: Denmark’s Open to Business initiative to boost exports 10 Feb UK scrambles Typhoon jets after Russian aircraft flew near Shetland and Faroe islands 10 Feb USAF C-130J Super Hercules begins flight test after Block 8.1 upgrade 9 Feb Companies » AOS Technologies High-Speed Cameras and Digital Cameras for Airborne and Military Applications HUBER+SUHNER Electronic Systems and Components for Airforce Applications AYESAS Aviation Hardware and Software Systems Oxley Group Ltd Avionic Night Vision Lighting Systems iX Cameras High-Speed Video Testing for Airforce Applications Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
پارسی العربية اردو کوردی Türkçe English Mehrnews English Sat 11 February 2017 × Economy Home All News Iran World Politics Economy Culture Technology Sports Photo Cartoon Video Opinion Akhundi: Contracts with Boeing, Airbus still in force News ID: 3899925 - Tue 7 February 2017 - 15:12 Economy TEHRAN, Feb. 07 (MNA) – Iran’s Roads Minister Akhundi has rejected the possibility that Donald Trump’s recent stances could lead to cancellation or suspension of Iran’s aircraft purchase contracts. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of 2nd Iran ITS Congress underway in Tehran, Iran’s Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Ahmad Akhundi made the remarks in response to claims made by Western media on possibility of cancellation or suspension of Iran’s agreements with Boeing and Airbus in view of the recent orders issued by the US president. The Iranian official deemed it improbable that Trump’s recent stances could affect aircraft purchase deals with the two giant manufacturers. Meanwhile, CNN has stated that a bill was introduced in Congress that could curtail the jetliner deals between Airbus and Boeing and Iran. CNN has also reported that even though America’s recent sanctions against Iran do not cover the agreement with Boeing over purchase of 89 passenger jets, the odds are high for the deal to be cancelled. Iran Air recently took delivery of the first of 100 jets it has ordered from Airbus while the first of 80 aircraft from Boeing are scheduled to arrive in 2018. The 2nd Iran ITS Congress is being held by Iran Road Maintenance & Transportation Organization with cooperation of Iranian Inc. for Contemporary International Conferences & Fairs (IICIC) on February 7-8, 2017 in Tehran-Iran. HA/3899746 Related News First airbus in Tehran CAOI hits first air deal with Irish Rep. First Airbus lands in Tehran’s Mehrabad Airport Silence best strategy of Airbus on ambiguities of Iran Air deal Respecting JCPOA vital for France Tags Airbus Aviation Boeing Donald Trump Ministrer of Roads & Urban Development Comment * Name Email or Website * Your Comment * Please enter the correct answer 3 + 3 = TOP 10 Islamic Revolution anniversary celebrated in Baku Iran’s economy on rise: Larijani Ceremony commemorates Feb. 11 in Summit Hall Iran espouses unity of action on fighting terrorism Intel. Min. says terrorist group destroyed Swedish PM to arrive in Tehran Venezuelan FM, oil min. in Tehran for boosting ties Economy min. departs for Hungary Iran assumes presidency of OPCW Asian branch Iran would help Afghanistan with snow disaster Mehr Vision 7th edition of ‘Mehr Vision’ reviews region’s top events Interview US should be genuine in fight against terrorism MEK fits well into definition of cult EU does not exist politically TPP already dead by extreme protectionism Report Iran in catbird seat thanks to US-Qatar gas… Global sympathy bright side of Plasco tragedy Iran makes leap to seize fresh export markets Japanese dance group ‘Siro-A’ lights up Iranian… Op-Ed A continent of hope Will Sessions become Attorney General amid… Thoughts on Iran, Obama, and Trump Trump cannot afford to shut out Iran if he… Anti-Saudi Trump; will it work? Most Viewed Iran vows retaliatory sanctions against Americans Iraq sends reinforcements ahead of new push against ISIL in Mosul  US, UK, Saudi Arabia behind Bahrain brutality Iran to build 12 new oil refineries Syrian army advances in Deir Ezzor southern outskirts IRGC Aerospace tests new missile systems in drill No power could ever 'cripple Iranians' VIDEO: Yemeni missile hits military base in Riyadh Full text of Syrian draft constitution proposed by Russia Syrian army takes control over strategic positions in Deir Ezzor Latest News Iran, Sweden sign 5 MoUs to expand coop. Rouhani hails Sweden for moderate positions on JCPOA UNSC urges immediate end to current fighting across S Sudan  Cable Ski tournament in Kish Island Iran after reproducing purebred Persian horse 'Cold Breath' to compete at US festival Bosnian economic delegation due in Tehran today US should be genuine in fight against terrorism Petrochemicals export revenues plunge by falling oil prices FM disapproves anti-Kuwaiti picture in Feb. 11 rallies Rouhani officially welcomes Swedish PM VIDEO: Swedish PM officially received by Pres. Rouhani 12 Iranian startups to attend CeBIT 2017 Revolution anniv. rallies nationwide Swedish PM arrives in Tehran Syrian army cuts off last retreat path for ISIL in Al-Bab Malaysia to develop 2 Iranian gas fields Rouhani, Nawaz Sharif discuss ties over phone NAM issues statement in support of Iran Oil storage capacity up by 10mn barrels Top Desktop version Mobile version {site-title} Archive About us Contact us Links Advertise © 2015 Mehr News Agency. All rights reserved Powered by: Nastooh
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Air Force One * Trump * Boeing * More Tags... Industry News * Defense * More Industries... News By Place * Pleasanton   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News February 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 Experts Detail $2 Billion Cost Savings for Trump's Air Force One     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Air Force One • Trump • Boeing Industry: • Defense Location: • Pleasanton - California - US Subject: • ReportsPLEASANTON, Calif. - Feb. 7, 2017 - PRLog -- President Donald J. Trump, Secretary of Defense James Mattis, and Air Force Secretary Nominee Dr. Heather Wilson are actively seeking ways to lower the $4 billion budget for replacing Air Force One: The President's 747 flying command post. Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc.'s (WWK) aerospace and defense team identified concepts and pathways to save the Trump Administration $2 billion without compromises to the core mission or lowering core capabilities. Compared to the Pentagon's existing $4 billion sole source, no bid proposal, WWK's alternatives are based on aircraft available from Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier, Northrop Grumman, Embraer, etc. that have less technical risk and can be delivered sooner than Boeing's 747-8s expected in 2023. Off-the-shelf defense and commercial options considered by WWK's team increase Air Force One's survivability while improving POTUS wartime ability to command and control America's forces and nuclear arsenal. Utilization of network centric and stealth technologies developed by manufacturers like Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, BAE Systems, Harris, General Dynamics, and L3 will enhance resilience and survivability to anticipated mid-21st century requirements. A more economical Air Force One will meet the needs of allies like Japan, Germany, U.K., Australia, and Canada with limited budgets and create opportunities for additional export sales while lowering costs further for the Trump Administration. WWK's team has over 100 years of experience in aerospace, defense, high technology manufacturing, and COTS strategies, as well as modeling and simulation for cost reduction and productivity improvements. The team's publications have appeared in the USAF Air & Space Power Journal, The National Interest, Real Clear Defense, Second Line of Defense (SLDINFO.com), IEEE, Photovoltaics International, Future Fab International, Semiconductor International and many others. To purchase a license to the report "More Capabilities for Less: Air Force One Replacement" please contact WWK corporate headquarters at +1 925-399-6246 or by emailing airforceone@wwk.com. About Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc. With more than 3,000 users worldwide, WWK is the largest privately held operational cost management software and consulting company serving technology-dependent and technology-driven organizations and a leader in the COTS revolution in defense electronics. WWK maintains long-term relationships with prominent industry resources including SEMATECH, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (NIST), Semiconductor Equipment and Materials International (SEMI), and national labs like Sandia and numerous universities. Its client base includes nearly all of the top 20 semiconductor manufacturers and equipment and materials suppliers as well as leaders in aerospace, defense, photovoltaics (PV), solid state lighting/light emitting diodes (SSL/LED), nanotechnology, micro electro-mechanical systems (MEMS), thin film record heads, magnetic media, flat panel displays (FPD), and healthcare. About Second Line of Defense SLDinfo.com examines key elements of evolving public-private partnerships among democracies by providing information and analytical tools concerning manufacturing capability to build and sustain military forces, logistics and sustainment evolution, key approaches to linking the warfighters and their equipment through concepts of operations and systems of connectivity, including the challenge of securing those networks, as well as policy dilemmas affecting the latter. The website provides regular interviews with military, industrial and civilian professionals.  These interviews provide insights into their thinking, experience, and thoughts about the way ahead.  Sldinfo.com has an international focus. The site offers regular contributions from senior defense analysts, in addition to information provided by the SLDinfo staff under the form of news briefs, articles, and special reports, as well as commented videos and briefings.  The White Paper series offers an opportunity for the defense industrial community to provide thought leaderships as well. http://www.wwk.com Contact Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc. ***@wwk.com End Source : Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc. Email : ***@wwk.com Tags : Air Force One, Trump, Boeing Industry : Defense Location : Pleasanton - California - United States Subject : Reports Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc. PRs Wright Williams & Kelly, Inc.: 25 Years, Over $10B in Productivity Improvements for Multi-Industry TWO COOL® v3.2.4 Cost of Ownership Software Released with Enhancements for Solar PV Market “Applied Cost Modeling” E-Zine Now on Web “Applied Cost Modeling” E-Zine Now on Web “Applied Cost Modeling” E-Zine Now on Web Trending News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup Marcella Collection - Bringing Fashion Industry Jobs to Dallas TowingUp introduces fast & reliable road side assistance in Miami, Florida Events Feature Daughter of Holocaust and Atomic Bomb Survivors $25,000 prize for startups from Seattle and the Greater Pacific Northwest: Synergy Tech Startup Contest announces an event for innovative companies Top Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Top Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views Top Daily News Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Domenico Winery San Carlos, CA hosts 9 wineries for February 12th Valentine's Wine & Chocolate event - 1177 views Certified Professional Coach Clinton Ages Hosts A Three Session Vision Board Summit - 233 views Grassroots group transforms Cattle Ranch into live-in Library & Arts Center - 222 views Howard University Site for 2017 Kick-Off of "I am Psyched" Pop-up Museum National Tour - 208 views Top Weekly News Top Women Entrepreneurs of Alaska nominees for 2017 announced - 3110 views Eric Wynalda Agrees To Join L.A. Wolves FC as New Head Coach Ahead of 2017 U.S. Open Cup - 2373 views Hanley Investment Group & Coldwell Banker DuFour Realty Arrange Sale of New STNL ULTA Beauty - 1519 views Transformation Day is February 18th - 1172 views Husband and Wife Filmmakers Release Their Romantic Comedy 2 YEARS OF LOVE on Valentine's Day - 1054 views PTC News Take the Chocolate Tour at Lennar's Heritage Active Adult communities - 388 views Next Gen® Family The Esquer's Showcased on CBS LA - 279 views New Homes at Foster Square Released for Sale - 183 views PM&E, Inc. Receives US$ 500,000 Investment in Cash And Appoints an Exclusive Agent for Asia - 180 views Save the Date for Lennar's The Grove Grand Opening Later This Month - 166 views Feb 07, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg speaks to the media after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump in Palm Beach, Florida, in December. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Aerospace blog Boeing CEO pledges more profit, even though orders are down Dan Catchpole Tue Feb 7th, 2017 5:17am Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — In the next few years, the Boeing Co. faces headwinds: Airplane orders are down, revenue has dropped from its former cash-cow 777 program, and it’s introducing several new airplanes. That’s plenty to handle for any corporation. Company leaders have made the challenges ahead much harder to solve by pledging to significantly increase profits and shareholder payouts. A growing number of industry analysts say something has to give. Boeing CEO and Chairman Dennis Muilenburg has said his goal is to get the operating profit margins to “mid-teen” percentages by the end of the decade. That is about double the 7.6 percent rate the company has averaged over the past six years. The company will get there, Muilenburg and Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith say, by continuing to cut costs, bringing in more cash from the 787 program, cranking up 737 production, expanding services for operating airplanes and putting the KC-46 tanker into full production, among other plans. “So it’s a very real target, a very serious target, but we also acknowledge the fact that it’s going to require a lot of hard work,” Muilenburg told investment analysts and reporters during a conference call last fall. There is growing skepticism from industry observers that Boeing can deliver on the boardroom’s promises. “I’m not sure how they get there,” said Richard Aboulafia, vice president of the Teal Group, a consulting firm in the Washington, D.C., area. Company leaders may be forced to walk back their promises to shareholders in the next year or two, he said. Commercial airplane orders have dropped after a decade-long spending spree that pushed annual tallies to record highs. Boeing and rival Airbus both have seen new orders drop to less than half of what they were just a few years ago. Orders are expected to remain low for the next few years. Boeing delivered 748 commercial jetliners in 2016. Company leaders say they expect to deliver more than 900 a year by the end of the decade, as Boeing cranks out more 737s and 787s. Airbus has similar plans to boost output. Increasing production is critical. The 737 program brings in huge amounts of cash to the company because it makes so many of the single-aisle airplanes, which compete with Airbus’ A320 family. Boeing soon will start delivering the latest version of the 1960s-era airplane: the 737 MAX. Company leaders expect the MAX, which promises better performance for airlines, to be a big earner. The company plans to take 737 production to dizzying speeds — from 42 a month now to 57 a month in 2019. Boeing also plans to turn out 14 of the 787s a month — up from 12 now. However, Dreamliner orders have dropped to a trickle. And last year, company leaders said they might hold 787 output at the current rate. The company steadily is whittling down the cost to make one of the advanced technology airplanes. It shaved another $6 million to $7 million off the cost of each airplane in late 2016, based on the latest quarterly earnings report. After eight years in production, the airplane is finally bringing in cash. However, the benefit to Boeing’s balance sheet is a garden hose, not a fire hose. Some analysts expect 787 production to drop before the decade is out, meaning it might never deliver a big boost to the bottom line. Airlines don’t need as many twin-aisle aircraft as Boeing and Airbus plan to make in the next few years, said David Strauss, an analyst at UBS, in a research note to investors in October. To bring supply in line with demand, Boeing needs to drop 787 production to eight a month in coming years. Likewise, Airbus needs to trim output, he said. Boeing is drastically cutting back production of the 777 as it develops a successor, the 777X. The 777 previously had been a profit-maker. Some analysts — and even some suppliers — are questioning if there is enough demand to drive up single-aisle production rates. “There are an awful lot of airplanes getting built,” and plans to build more, said Sam Pearlstein, an analyst with Wells Fargo, in an interview with The Daily Herald. “Is there enough traffic growth to support the ramp up in (737) production?” Boeing’s defense unit can pick up some wins — such as better earnings from the KC-46 tanker program or an uptick in fighter sales — but there do not appear to be any huge paydays on the horizon. Boeing’s new unit — Boeing Global Services — will enable the company to be more competitive in the growing market by providing services to airplanes already flying. But it is unlikely that it can generate a flood of profit in the next few years, Aboulafia said. Meanwhile, investors expect Boeing to deliver on the promises, and Muilenburg has proven to be more focused on shareholders than analysts initially expected. The company has kept up the pace of buying back shares since he took over in 2015. Delivering on Muilenburg’s promises might fall on suppliers. “Clearly cost-cutting is an ongoing focus” for the company, said Ken Herbert, an investment analyst with Canaccord Genuity. The company’s initiative to cut supplier costs, Partnering for Success, which requires 15 percent price cuts to contracts, is just getting started, Muilenburg said in a conference call last month. The program has “made some good initial strides,” he said. However, “there is much more still ahead of us, and that’s what drives our expectation that we are headed toward those mid-teen double-digit margins towards the end of the decade,” increasing cash each year, he said. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com. Twitter: @dcatchpole. Most Read Police: Attack by woman near Arlington was fueled by meth ARLINGTON — An Arlington woman is under investigation for assault and unlawful… Feb 10th, 2017 by Scott North Olivia Newton-John show to promote new album in Everett Olivia Newton-John — the movie star (“Grease”) and singer (“I Honestly Love… Feb 10th, 2017 by Gale Fiege Monroe man allegedly schemed to have wife, daughter murdered MONROE — A Monroe man is accused of trying to hire a… Feb 9th, 2017 by Rikki King Fugitive watch Herald staff EVERETT — The state Department of Corrections’ Everett office has… Feb 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff Julie Muhlstein Everett dog owners hope for the best at Westminster show Meet Zoom. He’s a Finnish spitz with a fox-like look, a persistent… Feb 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search How companies should respond to TrumpAAP – Tue, Feb 7, 2017 1:01 PM AEDT In a meeting with automakers on the fourth day of his presidency, Donald Trump appeared eager to co-operate with executives. That tone was in stark contrast to his tweets and pre-presidential news conference, where he targeted some businesses for attack and embraced others. Trump assailed the pharmaceutical industry at his January 11 news conference, saying drug companies "are getting away with murder." Key drug stocks immediately plummeted. The following day, Trump tweeted that Americans should "Buy L.L. Bean," after thanking an L.L. Bean board and family member for her political support. With his tweet, he put an iconic Yankee company in the crosshairs of a polarised national discourse. Whether Trump has been testing messages to use as president or launching a regular practice, he has used his own "bully pulpit" to put some businesses on notice and to commend others. This approach is raising questions about what some economists call "crony capitalism" and also about quid-pro-quo politics, and it's shaking up company executives who might otherwise be optimistic about pledges of economic growth. US corporate leaders from Carrier (HVAC manufacturing) to Boeing (aircraft manufacturing) and Ford (auto manufacturing) have been among those targeted by Trump as he presses his job growth agenda. On January 11, the nine top pharmaceutical companies in the S&P 500 by market cap lost a staggering $24.6 billion in 20 minutes during Trump's press conference, according to one analysis. Trump said the drug companies charge the government too much for medicines. The following day Trump tweeted about L.L. Bean, which an anti-Trump group called Grab Your Wallet had added to its list of companies targeted for boycotting. An L.L. Bean official quickly reminded inquiring news media that the company makes "no political endorsements or contributions," despite the fact that board member Linda Bean donated thousands of dollars to a political action committee that supported Trump. A dynamic, growth-oriented capitalist system requires a level playing field in which companies focus on how best to compete in the marketplace, not in the political arena or with political money. A number of economists believe crony capitalism brings harmful uncertainty to US companies. And there is academic research suggesting an association between government-induced risk and companies' increased political donations. How, then, would US companies respond to a new president's bully pulpit? When he urges millions of Twitter followers to buy a company's products in the wake of its board member's political contributions, will business leaders see it as a quid-pro-quo endorsement? Or will they listen instead to the skeptical Trump who boasted on the campaign trail of giving money to politicians to get them to "do whatever the hell you want them to do," while calling the existing campaign finance system "broken"? These aren't idle questions, given what we're seeing in company contributions to the Trump inauguration. According to news reports, Trump-target Boeing pledged $1 million. Chevron, which has a deep stake in the incoming administration's energy and regulatory policies, gave $500,000. And AT&T, which is seeking to merge with Time Warner, has acknowledged that it contributed. It's too early to tell what factors the new president and new Congress will take into account in making decisions about businesses. In the meantime, in the interest of promoting economic growth along with their own protection, businesses can take concrete steps to protect themselves, shareholders and our democracy. Being transparent about when they give political money and adopting clear policies for this spending are two of the most significant safeguards companies can adopt at a time when one of Citizens United's central promises has not been fulfilled. In his Citizens United opinion for the court's majority, Justice Anthony Kennedy unshackled companies to engage in almost unfettered political spending while asserting that modern technology has the potential to make "disclosures rapid and informative." The latter promise has not been met. In large part due to Citizens United and other court rulings, the US election cycle in 2016 broke spending records. Driving much of the record costs were outside groups not formally connected to either political party, including organizations not required under US law to disclose their donors. These latter groups' secretive political funds often are called "dark money." Because these organisations may keep their donors anonymous, they are particularly attractive to like-thinking corporations and others who want to keep their donations under the radar. The US Chamber of Commerce, for example, a powerful business trade association, is allowed under US law to keep the sources of its political spending hidden. It spent almost $30 million on influencing 2016 House and Senate races. So-called "social welfare" groups run ads about hot issues, sometimes attacking candidates, and they are also permitted to hide donor identities. All told, political dark money was projected to add up to at least $132 million in 2016. Unfortunately, the promise of broad, effective disclosure that the Supreme Court embraced in Citizens United still seems remote. It is impossible to measure the total largesse of rivers of corporate political giving intended to influence elections. It is possible, however, by looking at disclosed spending, to get a sense of scale of corporate political engagement at another level: in the states, where more and more companies are turning for action. In the 2014 election cycle, business interests spent $1.1 billion on state candidates and committees. By comparison, in the same period labor groups spent $215 million and ideological or single-issue groups spent $137 million. When companies are transparent about their political contributions, they can protect against payments that might cause a backlash in our fiercely divided political climate, or an ill-considered payment that can damage their reputation. A clear policy on political spending can protect them against public or private pressure from a political candidate, allowing them to cite company policy in order to say "no." These steps are getting mainstream traction from companies acting on their own. According to a recent nonpartisan report examining the S&P 500, 305 of these companies were disclosing some or all of their political payments. One hundred and eleven had policies requiring board oversight of political spending. And 143 had placed some level of restriction on their political spending. It looks like Trump will continue to use his bully pulpit to shame and blame companies, and concerns about crony capitalism will keep growing. If this happens, companies can protect themselves and their integrity by following guidance from Business Roundtable, which encourages company boards to oversee political spending and consider adopting a policy on disclosure. It's modest advice, but it may help companies in the eye of Trump's next storm. Bruce F. Freed is president of the Centre for Political Accountability. Charles E.M. Kolb is a member of the CPA board. Kolb was president of the Committee for Economic Development from 1997 to 2012 and served as deputy assistant for domestic policy to President George H.W. Bush from 1990 to 1992. Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext Alia bhatt's next with Lunch Box director … Catch News The talented actress Alia Bhatt's kitty seems to be overflowing with film offers. The latest, … Top Stories » Ford invests $1b in robotics start-upAAP Ford will invest $US1 billion ($A1.3 billion) in robotics start-up Argo AI as part of its quest to have a fully … Algorithms: the managers of our digital livesAFP How algorithms (secretly) run the worldAFP Kirin to buy Mandalay Brewery to dominate Myanmar market: reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Aust heat wave Last minute accommodation Guillermo Amor Flowers Trump travel ban Personal loan France attack Adelaide Accommodation Trump China Toyota Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:29 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Trump rebuke in daughter’s name blurs business, politics lines Thursday February 9, 2017 07:31 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An Ivanka Trump-branded blouse is seen for sale at off-price retailer Winners in Toronto, Ontario, Canada February 3, 2017. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Feb 9 — Donald Trump yesterday lashed out at department store chain Nordstrom for dropping his daughter’s clothing line, again spotlighting the intermingling of the US presidency with Trump family businesses. The public rebuke, which the White House later defended, called renewed attention to the potential tangle of business interests Trump brought with him on taking office last month. In a tweet posted moments after he wrapped up an address to US law enforcement, Trump hit out at the high-end retailer for announcing last week it had decided to discontinue sales of Ivanka Trump’s fashion line due to poor sales. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by Nordstrom,” Trump wrote. “She is a great person—always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” Since his surprise victory in the November presidential election, Trump has used his Twitter feed to lambast individual companies—from General Motors to Boeing—be it for off-shoring jobs or allegedly overcharging the federal government for aircraft. Family business But the latest tweet was different in that it sought to defend part of Trump’s family business empire, which critics have said could be a source of profound conflicts of interest for the White House. Trump made sure to give his message on Ivanka maximum reach by posting it both on his personal handle @realDonaldTrump and on the official account of the US presidency @POTUS. Since his November victory, Trump has touted an effort to remove himself from running his business empire, transferring corporate control to his sons. But he has resisted divesting, as a government ethics watchdog had called on him to do. Critics say the Trump businesses still pose a significant ethical quandary. Further playing into the running debate, Pentagon officials said Wednesday they were looking to rent space in Trump Tower, Trump’s flagship Manhattan luxury building, to accommodate equipment and staff who accompany the president during his stays there. That came on the heels of a lawsuit filed by Melania Trump in New York, which claimed that damaging rumors reported by a British tabloid had interfered with her “unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity” to earn millions of dollars due to her raised profile as first lady. Boycott calls White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer yesterday defended Trump’s Nordstrom tweet, saying the president was standing up for a family member. “There’s clearly efforts to undermine that name based on her father’s issues or particular policies,” Spicer told reporters. “For someone to take out their concern of the policies against a family member of his is simply not acceptable and he has every right to speak out about it.” Nordstrom responded yesterday, reiterating that its decision to drop the Ivanka Trump line was made purely on business grounds. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now,” the company said in a statement to AFP, adding that it had “a great relationship” with Ivanka Trump’s business. Nordstrom is one of several US businesses that has faced boycott calls for its association with the Trump brand. It is among the firms targeted in a “Grab Your Wallet” campaign launched by anti-Trump activists in protest at the Republican billionaire’s agenda.  The campaign yesterday was still targeting other retailers such as Macy’s, Bloomingdale’s and Dillard’s for carrying Ivanka Trump products. Sign of the fine line that firms are treading in the current political era, others such as PepsiCo and Budweiser have faced a backlash from the opposite camp after moves deemed critical of the Trump administration. Ethical obligations Richard Briffault, an expert in government ethics at Columbia Law School, told AFP that Trump’s use of the presidential bully pulpit to defend his daughter’s business “was inconsistent with any notion of the ethical obligations of a public official.” “What this suggests is that he hasn’t fully internalized the consequence of being the most important public official in the country,” Briffault said. Since a 1989 executive order, federal officials have been barred from using public office for private gain, Briffault said, adding that any public criticism from a sitting president could be interpreted as an attempt to influence that company’s business decisions. “It gives the appearance that he is using his position to promote the business interests of a close relative,” said Briffault. Unlike other companies he has attacked on Twitter, including Lockheed, Boeing and Ford, which saw their share prices suffer following criticism from Trump, Nordstrom’s stock finished up more than 4.0 per cent yesterday. The news of Trump’s remarks preceded a report from The New York Times yesterday, which said TJX Companies, the parent of clothing retailers TJ Maxx and Marshalls, had told employees to discard all Ivanka Trump promotional signs and not to display her clothing separately. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain Hundreds of immigrants arrested in ‘routine’ US enforcement surge Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Combat Aircraft > Advanced F-15 Joins Saudi Air Force After Development Issues You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Advanced F-15 Joins Saudi Air Force After Development Issues Boeing resolves flight-test issues to deliver advanced Eagles Feb 9, 2017 Guy Norris and Tony Osborne | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 14 Saudi Arabia has begun inducting its first Boeing F-15SAs, the most potent variant of the Eagle ever developed. At $29 billion, the program to build 84 fresh new F-15SAs and at the same time rebuild the kingdom’s 68 remaining F-15S Strike Eagles to SA-model standard, is the most valuable Foreign Military Sales contract in U.S. history and will continue the Royal Saudi Air Force’s (RSAF) transformation program. The F-15SA is among a long list of new types to join the refreshed ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Advanced F-15 Joins Saudi Air Force After Development Issues" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 14 Mark Lincoln on Feb 8, 2017 The very latest of the very old. It is all that is necessary which is better than anything Iran has. Log In or Register to post comments mcarew@cox.net on Feb 9, 2017 As a non-stealth it is the best universal war bird ever built now. With all of it's systems & stand-off capabilities it can fight over the horizon & carry the best self protection suite. Armament capability in this model makes it the most dangerous in that part of the world. These F-15s far exceed any US Air Force F-15 aircraft. Fly by wire is a great weight and complexity savings. Software package is greatly diversified. Log In or Register to post comments DarkMatter007 on Feb 9, 2017 Wish we would've gotten in on this F-15 variant. Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement EngineeringRaconteur on Feb 9, 2017 It's not too late. USAF has a bathtub in their fleet numbers and are considering adding new gen4 aircraft. (Since F-35 is so late and over budget) This latest F-15 is far superior to any other gen4 aircraft, including F-16. Log In or Register to post comments JDM8 on Feb 10, 2017 I had the impression that there considerations to doing that, at least considering some form of 4th gen fighter to fill what the other comment said about "bathtub" fleet availability, which is a dip in desired fleet strength. Log In or Register to post comments s.vince.tidwell... on Feb 9, 2017 As an engineer on the 15 back in the days of strike eagle and ASAT (yea - MacAir), and thereby telling my age, it's nice to know the both of us are still around. Wish I could be upgraded as "easily". Log In or Register to post comments aztecf15@gmail.com on Feb 9, 2017 An unfortunate and avoidable comedy of assumptions about flight test data and attention to detail (vert stab) booms (absence). Good on the RSAF for pushing back on Boeing. Boeing needed to hear it, fix it. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Feb 9, 2017 The RSAF didn't push back on Boeing. The F-15SA flight testing occurred in the US with US test pilots before the RSAF pilots were brought in. The article accurately describes that Boeing discovered the situation with the new FBW control laws and fixed it. That's what flight testing of a new model is all about. Log In or Register to post comments wohlstad on Feb 9, 2017 Hmm... First Pres. Obama enables Iran, then extracts >$100Billion in Arms contracts from the Gulf Arabs. Who said wars are not profitable? And all that for weapons that for lack of education and skills can't be utilized without US hand-holding, furthering the umbilical cord - not to mention the endless support contracts. Brilliant! And did we not mention - all this for the Gen Old technology, since the West had moved on. Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Feb 9, 2017 Excellent article. The F-15SA development was all paid for by the Saudi's. It would be foolish not to leverage this opportunity to rebuild the entire US F-15E fleet to these specs, and to acquire more of this model due to its excellent capabilities. In many areas the F-15SA has more capability than the F-35 as demonstrated by the specs on the F-15SA and older F-15E. In 2009 Boeing demonstrated several features to reduce the F-15s RCS significantly even without F/A-18E/F type engine inlet blockers. Boeing has also identified additional capabilities like an advanced internal IRST that could be added. The F-15SA production line is hot right now and will be through the subsequent order from Qatar, and the additional F-15s requested by Israel. The US needs to take advantage of the inherent economies of scale that drives down costs. The F-35 has the stealth and sensor advantage in order to conduct Day 1 SEAD/DEAD against near-peer threats, while the F-15E/SA can bring the FOF heavy metal behind it. Log In or Register to post comments wohlstad on Feb 9, 2017 Will be interesting to see if IsAF jumps Log In or Register to post comments Talyn on Feb 9, 2017 Jumps what? Israel has known about this for a long time. Log In or Register to post comments wohlstad on Feb 9, 2017 Got cut off...Will be interesting to see if IASF gets a squadron of these, perhaps in the SE variant. By itself the Saudi version is old news. However the combination of F-35 and SE would form the best 1-2 punch anywhere, far in excess of whatever Saudis can field - or tactically EU/Russia too in fact. Log In or Register to post comments Felix A9 on Feb 10, 2017 Imagine the squeals of horror from the haters if the F-35 had had these problems. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles U.S. Considers Up To 72 New F-15s Or F-16s 213   Fighter Gap Forces Questions On USAF F-15C Plans 90   Canada To Discuss New Fighter At Farnborough 28   Canadian Election Results Opens Fighter Competition 132   Behind That F-35 Air Combat Report 125 Combat Aircraft Coverage Sponsors Full Coverage Advertisement Defense: Market Briefing A subscription to Aerospace Daily & Defense Report is required to access these stories.   Facebook UAV Ready To Fly Again After Accident  Marine Corps Aviation Vision Includes UAV Sidekicks  Indonesia Receives AW101 Amid Controversy  French Aerospace Lobby Calls 2016 A Good Year For Exports  Taiwan Launches Development Of F-CK-1 Trainer Derivative  Presidential Bomber? Report Touts B-21 For Air Force One  Boeing Eager To Offer F/A-18 For Indian Navy  Gilat, Airbus To Demo Conformal Ka-Band Connectivity    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ג שבט תשע"ז   |   Thursday, February 9, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business AT&T Woos Washington Over Time Warner Deal as It Schmoozes With Pres. Trump AT&T Woos Washington Over Time Warner Deal as It Schmoozes With Pres. Trump By Todd Shields Wednesday, February 8, 2017 at 5:13 pm | י"ב שבט תשע"ז WASHINGTON (Bloomberg News/TNS) - AT&T Inc. would normally expect good things when a Republican administration arrives in Washington, where the company needs permission to buy Time Warner Inc. — except the new president has already lambasted the deal. So the search goes on for friends in high places. At an evening reception near the U.S. Capitol, AT&T bathed lobbyists, lawyers, executives and lawmakers in cool blue light. To pulsing music in new studio space, party-goers sipped drinks and nibbled avocado tartare with melon carpaccio. The event, which AT&T called a “Stars & Stripes Reception,” showcased the company’s transformation from a telephone company to a media powerhouse with $164 billion in revenue. The descendant of the stodgy Ma Bell monopoly badly wants to accelerate its metamorphosis with one of its biggest deals ever, an $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner, owner of HBO and CNN. Just one problem: As a candidate, President Donald Trump cited the deal as “an example of the power structure I’m fighting.” Since taking office, he’s said to have privately told people he still opposes it. Publicly he excoriates CNN for its coverage of him, and brags that he never watches. Trump will appoint officials who will vet the deal at the Justice Department. Still, AT&T presses ahead. It’s mobilized its army of roughly 100 lobbyists, one of the biggest and savviest corps in Washington, where it has spent more than $213 million making its case since 1998, according to data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington-based group that tracks money in politics. The company spent $16.4 million lobbying in 2016, second only to Boeing Co. among U.S. companies, according to the center. Time Warner spent $2.9 million on lobbying over the same period. Then there is the avocado tartare. “All of this outreach, all of this cultivation, is ensuring you have allies,” said Meredith McGehee, strategic adviser to the Campaign Legal Center, explaining how lobbying powerhouses like AT&T get their way in Washington. “You get to know people. You invite them. You do the receptions.” Six days before the party, Chief Executive Officer Randall Stephenson and AT&T’s top Washington executive, Bob Quinn, participated in one of the most coveted receptions of all. They dropped in on President Trump at his New York tower. But the deal didn’t come up, the company insists. Instead they steered the conversation to something they knew their host wanted to hear about: the jobs the company provides. The theme was the same on inauguration day. “We employ more than 250,000 people,” the company said in a full-page ad in the Washington Post on Jan. 20. “As we testified recently before Congress, the merger will create more competition for cable TV providers, giving consumers more options and accelerating next generation wireless broadband,” said Michael Balmoris, a spokesman for the Dallas-based AT&T. The soft-shoe approach comes with high stakes. Acquiring Time Warner’s content would allow AT&T to move away from dependence on slow wireless subscriber growth. It would allow it to ride a surge in demand Mr. Stephenson is sure is coming for mobile video. So far Wall Street isn’t sure he’ll succeed: traders still are paying less for Time Warner shares than AT&T promises, even though the price has risen more than 9 percent since the deal was announced Oct. 22. Mr. Stephenson, the CEO, said he’s confident the deal will go through because it joins companies in different businesses and leaves market shares the same in telecommunications. In Washington, AT&T isn’t just ingratiating itself with the president, whose appointees will decide if the deal lives or dies. It is building good will among lawmakers on Capitol Hill, constructing an insurance policy that may help prove Wall Street’s bears wrong. “You start to cultivate champions on the Hill, so if an antitrust action comes about you can turn to those champions and say, ‘Hey I need you to push back. I need you to write letters,’” said Meredith McGehee, of the Campaign Legal Center. The company’s organized giving has tilted toward Republicans, the traditional party of business interests. In the recent U.S. elections, Republican candidates got 62 percent of $2.7 million in donations to federal candidates from AT&T’s political action committee that pools contributions from employees, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. The company’s lobbyist corps shows a Republican tilt, too, with almost 60 individuals who worked for Republican lawmakers and groups, outnumbering the more than 30 with Democratic affiliation, according to a Bloomberg analysis of Senate records. The records leave affiliation of roughly a dozen unclear. Firepower hasn’t always brought success for AT&T under Democratic regulation from 2009 to this January. Officials forced AT&T to abandon a $39 billion bid for smaller T-Mobile US Inc. in 2011. The FCC in 2015 proposed a $100 million fine over data speeds for wireless customers, another agency levied a $105 million penalty for faulty billing, and AT&T couldn’t stave off limits on how it uses subscribers’ data. AT&T won permission to buy satellite TV company DirecTV in 2015 after promising broadband to more homes and businesses. Even with a change to Republicans, it’s not clear all the lobbying and contributions will help with the unconventional administration of Mr. Trump, who won the White House with a populist message and a promise his personal wealth would mean he wouldn’t be beholden to lobbyists and special interests. Mr. Trump as a candidate said his administration would block the Time Warner deal because it made for “too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” The deal review is to be performed by antitrust regulators at the Justice Department, who concentrate upon competition. Telecommunications deals traditionally face a parallel review by the Federal Communications Commission, which can be tougher. But AT&T and Time Warner have said they can avoid that by not transferring any of the airwaves licenses that the FCC oversees. Keith Cocozza, a spokesman for New York-based Time Warner, declined to comment. It’s possible Justice Department antitrust officials will find the combined company has significant market power to favor its own products, said Gene Kimmelman, a former antitrust official in a Democratic Justice Department. One way to resolve that is to require behavioral remedies — such as a requirement to share programming with rivals. “But the real question is, does the Justice Department even want to apply those conditions?” Mr. Kimmelman said. If not, regulators would have a choice to approve a deal they see as harmful, or simply ask a judge to block it. AT&T’s Mr. Stephenson has said the company would fight the Justice Department in court if necessary. “You may find an environment in which it’s an up or down, all or nothing, antitrust review,” Kimmelman said. That’s where a relationship with Pres. Trump can pay off. Mr. Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Sen. Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican, has said he’ll keep politics out of merger reviews. The administration hasn’t announced its choice for assistant attorney general for antitrust, a post that also needs Senate confirmation. The Trump team is said to be considering Joshua Wright, a law professor who promotes a laissez-fare approach to antitrust enforcement. “It comes down to the antitrust analysis,” said Matthew Cantor, a partner at Constantine Cannon LLP in New York. “If one was to judge this deal on the merits, I think it gets through.” Filed under: AT&T, Donald Trump, Mergers & Acquisitions Print Email Gmail Related Shareholder Voting Set for Comcast and Time Warner Cable Deal Comcast Strikes Deal to Buy Time Warner Cable AT&T Set to Announce $85B Time Warner Purchase AT&T Reaches Deal to Buy Time Warner For $86 Billion FCC Approves Charter’s Acquisition of Time Warner Cable More in Business FOCUS: President Trump Takes Credit for F-35 Cost Cuts, but They’ve Been Planned for a While U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher, Renewing Record Highs Germany’s 2016 Trade Surplus Sets Record, May Fuel U.S. Tensions Asian Shares Advance, Japan Slips as PM Abe-President Trump Meeting Looms Business Briefs – February 8, 2017 OP-ED The (Sensible) Fine Print on Trump’s Regulation Order Marine Le Pen’s Kippah Ban Proposal A Commendable Choice for the High Court Much Pain, No Gain Fortunate Fallout? The Role of a Great-Grandfather Thank G-d for Harry Reid A (Qualified) Defense of the Ban Vetting the Vetted Democrats Are Now the Party of ‘No.’ Is That Enough to Win Back the Country? Misophonia Watch Libya for the First Sign of Trump-Putin Collaboration Politics and Pulpits Kindling Light in the Darkness Features Sudoku – February 9, 2017 You Must Be Joking Editorial Cartoon – February 9, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 13 Shevat/February 9 Six Ways to Keep Your Kids Healthy During Winter How a Full Spice Cabinet Can Keep You Healthy And a Shmear This Day In History 13 Shevat/February 9 This Day In History 12 Shevat/February 8 Understanding the Maven Animal Expression Sudoku – February 8, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 12 Shevat/February 8 This Day In History 11 Shevat/February 7 Weather » Brooklyn 25°F Mist See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,715.18 +32.73 (+0.58%) S&P 500 2,307.87 +13.20 (+0.58%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9382 GBP 0.8002 ILS 3.7468 CHF 1.0014 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Questions Raised Over Testing On Lockheed GPS Satellite Lockheed Martin's GOES satellites. The company is under the microscope for its supervision of another satellite project. (Lockheed Martin) BLOOMBERG NEWS 2/08/2017 Reprints Botched testing by a Lockheed Martin (LMT) subcontractor on a key component for the U.S.' newest Global Positioning System satellites raises new questions about the No. 1 defense contractor's supervision of the project, according to a top Air Force official. The mistake by subcontractor Harris Corp. (HRS) forced another delay in the delivery of the first of 32 planned GPS III satellites until later this month, according to Major General Roger Teague, the Air Force's chief of space programs. That will make the $528 million satellite 34 months late, according to service data. Lockheed has a contract to build the first 10 of the satellites designed to provide a more accurate version of the Global Positioning System used for everything from the military's targeting of terrorists to turn-by-turn directions for civilians' smartphones. The program's latest setback may affect a pending Air Force decision on whether to open the final 22 satellites to competition from Lockheed rivals Boeing (BA) and Northrop Grumman (NOC). "This was an avoidable situation and raised significant concerns with Lockheed Martin subcontractor management/oversight and Harris program management," Teague said in a Dec. 21 message to congressional staff obtained by Bloomberg News. Shares of Lockheed were up fractionally to 257.28 in late-afternoon trading. Ceramic Capacitors The parts in question are ceramic capacitors that have bedeviled the satellite project. They take higher-voltage power from the satellite's power system and reduce it to a voltage required for a particular subsystem. Last year, the Air Force and contractors discovered that Harris hadn't conducted tests on the components, including how long they would operate without failing, that should have been completed in 2010. Now, the Air Force says it found that Harris spent June to October of last year doing follow-up testing on the wrong parts instead of samples of the suspect capacitors installed on the first three satellites. Harris "immediately notified Lockheed and the government" after a post-test inspection, Teague said in his message. Lockheed spokesman Chip Eschenfelder said in an email said that testing of the capacitors' design was successfully completed in December. "The capacitors met all mission qualification requirements," he said, so "we are confident the capacitors are mission-ready." Harris spokeswoman Ellen Mitchell said in an email that company personnel last year identified a capacitor "that was not subjected to all required qualification tests. Once the issue was discovered, Harris deployed a team dedicated to complete the required capacitor tests. The capacitor qualification testing was successfully completed in December 2016." 'Wrong Test Item' Teague said in an interview, though, that Harris was required to perform not only a test to show that the part met design specifications but a separate one to assess the component's reliability and whether it met a requirement to last 15 years. That second test wasn't accomplished because "they used the wrong test item," he said. Cristina Chaplain, a military space systems director at the Government Accountability Office, said in an email that the latest problem "undermines the faith in the progress, if any, that the government and contractor may have been making in turning around a culture that has led to multiyear delays" and cost increases. The Air Force has decided to accept the first satellite even if its capacitors may be flawed because removing them could delay the delivery until October and cost about $70 million, Teague wrote to the congressional staff. The Air Force is confident in the first satellite's overall reliability based on 3,000 hours of cumulative testing, Teague said. The Air Force will have to pay to replace the suspect capacitors on the second and third satellites. That's because the satellites are being developed under cost-reimbursement-type contracts, which require the Pentagon to pay for cost increases, the service said. In an Air Force list of priorities that lacked funding for this year, the service said it needed $100 million for GPS III "capacitor repair/replace." Captain AnnMarie Annicelli, an Air Force spokeswoman, said the list represented potential expenditures on which final decisions had not been made. Share this: Related news President Trump told airline executives he would tackle onerous regulations facing the industry and promised tax reform news within a few weeks. (AP) Week In Review: Dow Hits High On 'Phenomenal' Trump; Nvidia Sales Sprint; Twitter Stalls 2/10/2017 Stocks rose to record highs as President Trump pledged big league tax reform. Nvidia, Disney and Twitter were notable earnings. 2/10/2017 Stocks rose to record highs as President Trump pledged big... Boeing Confirms Singapore Air Deal; Bigger Airbus A350 In Doubt Northrop: F-35 Talks With Lockheed Are On Course Since Trump Turbulence Lockheed: Acquisition Officials, Policy Shift More Critical Than Trump On Sales If Border Tax Dies, Trump Corporate Tax Cut May Collapse GrubHub, Whole Foods Earnings On Tap As Defense Giants Plot Trump Tactics: Investing Action Plan Dow, Nasdaq Come Off Highs; Apple Buoys Dow; HealthEquity Dives Dow, Nasdaq Set Record Highs; Apple Powers Ahead; Tesla, Nvidia Break Out GE Rival Siemens, In 'Breakthrough,' Tests 3D-Printed Turbine Blades Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Webinar Master your emotions when it comes to investing. Join us for a discussion on psychological traps. Get Leaderboard Find winning stocks faster with Leaderboard. Get our proprietary stock analysis today. New York Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product training at our booth (2/26 – 2/28). More News Facebook's 60% annual pretax profit margins have CEO Mark Zuckerberg smiling. (EPA/Newscom) 6 Top-Rated Stocks With 50%-Plus Annual Profit Margins The first Amazon Go is located near the firm's Seattle HQ and, for now, is open only to Amazon employees, for testing. (Paul Gordon/Zuma Press/Newscom) Amazon, Having Conquered E-Tail, Tackles Physical Retail Can you build this fast? Promoted Content By Butler Manufacturing Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -5 °C Variably cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 4 hours ago Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway Latest News SEE MORE New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded UNALIGNED Is Trump’s refugee crackdown threat pushing asylum seekers into Canada? Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 4 hours ago Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Ted Livingston was soaking in a warm bath, thinking hard about the future —... Latest Business News SEE MORE Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 3 hours ago Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Plum leads No. 10 Washington past Arizona 91-55 McPhee leads No. 8 Stanford women past Colorado 64-51 Lakers survive late Bucks rally to win 122-114 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 3 hours ago ARKELLS: Hamilton’s heart is always theirs It was eight years ago, almost to the day. The Arkells were at the old... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Science Fiction: Alex Good At the library Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 16 hours ago A sad day for Ontario doctors, patients: Hepburn Money and power fuel Tea Party-style takeover of doctors’ union Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week 14 hours ago Charity events put the taste in waste Putting the taste in waste: Charity events save food from certain demise Latest Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study Flu vaccine effectiveness called 'decent' Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 4 hours ago $250M Los Angeles mega mansion is most expensive U.S. listing LOS ANGELES — At $250 million, a new mega mansion in the exclusive Bel Air... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Qatar Airways launches new Auckland route Valentine’s wines to drink for yourself: The Wine Find With a helicopter as your ski lift, not even the sky’s the limit Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Enhance your living space with elegant and modern California ceilings Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 60% off Ground Chicken discount: 60% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $43.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Knowing When The Bottom Line is Too Much Home News Business Supersonic passenger jets could make a comeback | Feb 08, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Supersonic passenger jets could make a comeback Supersonic jet Tom Cooper,Getty Images for Boom Technology The XB-1 Supersonic Demonstrator is unveiled at the Boom Technologies hangar in Englewood, Colo., last November. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Samantha Masunaga The beak-nosed, supersonic Concorde was once described by a British ambassador as the "flower of the aerospace industry." But while the sleek plane could cut travel times in half, it was ultimately doomed by a combination of high maintenance expenses, a slower market for air travel after the Sept. 11 attacks and high ticket prices. A round-trip flight from London to New York could cost as much as $18,260 US in today's dollars. Now, almost 14 years after the Concorde's last flight, a handful of companies and entrepreneurs are betting that technological advances in materials and computing, as well as the boom in global business travel, could power a resurgence in economically viable supersonic passenger jets. "We're benefiting from 50 years of progress in fundamental aerospace technology," said Blake Scholl, chief executive of Boom Technology Inc., a Centennial, Colo. startup that's aiming to build a supersonic airliner called the Boom. "Since the Concorde was developed, the amount of international business and international travel has skyrocketed. You can find a huge market." New supersonic planes, if they get off the ground, will still be comparatively pricey. Analysts predict the technology would be best suited, at least initially, to business jets. That's the market companies such as Aerion Corp. are aiming for. The Reno, Nev., firm, along with European aviation giant Airbus Group, has been developing the AS2, a supersonic business jet that could shoot through the air at a maximum speed of Mach 1.5, or one and a half times the speed of sound. A flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo would take about five hours, compared with almost 12 hours today. "I think its main customers would be very wealthy individuals who would look at it as the ultimate prestige aircraft," said Ray Jaworowski, senior aerospace analyst at market research firm Forecast International, discussing supersonic jets in general. "It very much would have its own specific niche." But breaking into the business market would require clearing other hurdles. For one, business jet operators are less concerned with speed than they are with range, cabin size and operating costs, Jaworowski said. The Boom is aiming at the larger airline market. Scholl says his company aims to build a 45-seat aircraft and says the cost to fly supersonic could eventually be the same as a business class seat on a conventional airliner. The company, which has just more than 20 employees, has received help with manufacturing and flight testing from Virgin Galactic's Spaceship Co. Scholl has staked his claim on several advances, including a primary aircraft structure built with carbon fibre composites — like those in the Boeing 787 Dreamliner's frame — which should be stronger and lighter than the aluminum exterior of the Concorde. The engines for the supersonic planes, though, won't be all that different from those of conventional airliners. The Boom will have "medium-sized" turbo fan jet engines that have been adapted from a current commercial aircraft and will be modified by "major" engine companies that Scholl would not yet disclose. This decision, contrasting with the Concorde's famous afterburners, will make the Boom quieter and more fuel efficient, he said. "The reason why (Concorde) prices were so high is fuel economy was poor, and there was no economy of scale," Scholl said. "We have the technology for that today." Scholl said he chose a modified commercial engine rather than a military-grade supersonic propulsion system because of the high emissions standards and efficiency offered by the conventional engines. And from a logistics standpoint, it would be more difficult for military-grade technology to clear export control, he said. Advances in computing power and speed are also key to developing more efficient supersonic jets. Engineers can now test prototypes through computer models and make tweaks immediately based on those results. Previously, they had to build a plane, test it in a wind tunnel and then tweak the design. "We're now able to bottle physical features in a computer that a short decade ago were unheard of," said Jim Ladesic, associate dean of industry relations and outreach at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University's college of engineering in Florida. The idea of building faster, economic passenger planes has intrigued aerospace companies for years. In 2001, Boeing unveiled a concept called the Sonic Cruiser, which was to fly almost as fast as the speed of sound, 1,207 km/h. The company said at the time it was working with airlines to determine economic, performance and environmental needs for the concept. But oil prices were rising, and those plans were shelved just a year later as airlines ended up prioritizing fuel efficiency over speed. Research on the plane's interior was later incorporated into Boeing's more efficient 787. Both Boeing and Airbus have since expressed interest in developing high-speed aircraft. Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg has noted several times that the Chicago-based company wants to advance research of hypersonic — Mach 5 or faster — technology. Boom is currently building a one-third scale model test aircraft that it says will fly for the first time by the end of this year. The actual production aircraft, which will be 20 metres long and weigh 68,000 kilograms, could fly its first passengers as early as 2020, Scholl said. The company has 25 aircraft orders to date. The first 10 will go to British billionaire Richard Branson's Virgin Group, and the other 15 are on hold for a European carrier that Scholl declined to name. Los Angeles Times | Latest News Canada Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Snapshot Local Proposed route for Cambridge LRT unveiled Snapshot Local One step closer to a dream job in space Snapshot Local Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Video Re-Enactment Video ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Confidentiality leak costs Guelph deputy CAO job Her arms stuck in a clothing donation bin, she hung through the cold night and died Woman who killed child and newborn when she backed into a London Costco loses appeal Trudeau: 'I turned my back on that promise' Waterloo Region death notices for Feb. 10 In Your Neighbourhood Today The art of holiday shopping made easier by local gallery The holidays are almost here and the staff at the Canadian Clay & Glass Gallery in Waterloo wants... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... Rainbow Eavestroughing can redesign your downspout system, install a rain barrel Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener wants to ensure your downspouts are functioning properly and in... Santa Claus is coming to town Mark Sunday, November 20, 2016, down on your calendar, because the big guy in red will be riding... Specialized towing: Flatbed and tilt-and-load tow trucks Becker Bros. Towing is a family owned company that has proudly served the Kitchener community and... Take control of your farm wealth Today’s most profitable farmers have discovered that hard work, on its own, does not guarantee... Add video surveillance and two-way communication to your security system Your home or business may already be equipped with an alarm system, but for enhanced protection,... Kids eat free at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe’s Families are always welcome at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe's Restaurant, where kids eat free. Every... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... Buyer’s guide: Top 5 things to consider when buying a new furnace or AC Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton helps individuals throughout southern Ontario find the... Test pool water regularly to prevent a chemical imbalance Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas encourages you to test your pool water regularly. Too much... Dealing with wisdom teeth Wisdom teeth can be a real problem, but King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo can help. Dr. A.... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... Boulevard Limousine covers all of your business transportation needs If you are in the corporate or business world, you know that time is money, so Kitchener-Waterloo’s... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Periodontal disease: Healthy gums are critical to your health Periodontal disease affects many of us to one degree or another, and the King Street Dental Centre... Getting your cat ready for the purrfect kennel visit Bringing your feline friend to CatNap Cottages in Guelph is pleasant for both you and your cat,... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 60% off Ground Turkey $29 View Deal 60% off Ground Chicken $29 View Deal 50% off Chicken Breasts $35 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal 58% off Breaded Chicken Breasts $30 View Deal 46% off Chicken Balls $19 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Kik’s millionaire founder aims to leave his mark on the region Bombardier seeks injunction against Metrolinx China’s harsh world of courier delivery MappedIn charts success with big U.S. deal Notley to head to Washington to talk trade PreviousNext Waterloo Region housing starts jumped in January, but trending lower Trump tweet about daughter shakes up Nordstrom stock The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Canada rejects Brazil's WTO challenge over Bombardier aircraftAFP – Wed, Feb 8, 2017 9:55 PM AEDT Brazil has formally challenged Canada at the World Trade Organization over what it says are unfair subsidies for aircraft builder Bombardier, the WTO website said. Canada immediately rejected the allegation, saying its support was entirely legal. The foreign ministry in Brazil said it had requested consultations with Canada at the WTO "over subsidies given by the Canadian government at a federal, provincial and local level to the aerospace industry." The statement singled out aid for Bombardier's C Series airplanes. Under WTO rules, if Canada and Brazil are unable to reach agreement in the next 60 days, the complaining party -- Brazil -- may request adjudication. According to the Brazilian complaint, Bombardier, a direct competitor of Brazil's Embraer in the regional and business jet sector, received $2.5 billion in government aid just in 2016. Embraer is the world's biggest aircraft builder after Boeing and Airbus. "The subsidies that the Canadian company has already obtained and continues receiving from the Canadian government have not only been fundamental in the development and survival of the C Series program, but have also allowed Bombardier to offer its aircraft at artificially low prices," said Paulo Cesar Silva, Embraer's CEO, in a statement. But Joseph Pickerill, a spokesman for Canada's minister of international trade, said that "Canadian support measures to the aerospace industry, including to Bombardier, were developed in full knowledge of WTO rules and are consistent with these obligations." He added, in an email to AFP, "We are confident that our announcement respects international law." Brazil lodged its complaints a day after the Canadian government had granted Bombardier a four-year loan of 372.5 million Canadian dollars ($283 million) at favorable terms. The company originally sought $1 billion, but said its situation has improved. Simon Letendre, a Bombardier spokesman, told AFP that Embraer itself received substantial "contributions" in various forms from the Brazilian government. After repeated delays and a doubling of its production costs to more than $5 billion, Bombardier delivered its first CS100 commercial planes last June, and its first CS300s at the end of the year. In late 2015, Bombardier received a $1 billion bailout from the Quebec government, giving the province a 49.5 percent stake in the C Series project. Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext Review: Sell a Kidney and Buy a Dodge Challenger … The Cheat Sheet After all the hype, we spent a week putting the Dodge Challenger Hellcat through its paces. You should … Top Stories » Ford invests $1b in robotics start-upAAP Ford will invest $US1 billion ($A1.3 billion) in robotics start-up Argo AI as part of its quest to have a fully … Algorithms: the managers of our digital livesAFP How algorithms (secretly) run the worldAFP Kirin to buy Mandalay Brewery to dominate Myanmar market: reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Aust heat wave Last minute accommodation Guillermo Amor Flowers Trump travel ban Personal loan France attack Adelaide Accommodation Trump China Toyota Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage WARREN, R.I., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AVTECH Software (AVTECH) is pleased to announce that its entire line of Room Alert proactive temperature and environment monitors and sensors is now available for purchase by government and municipal entities through the GSA Advantage program. Room Alert, the world’s most popular environment monitor, is made in the USA and proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, smoke, and more. Room Alert is currently in use in over 180 countries by organizations ranging from thousands of SMBs through Amazon, Boeing, Sprint, Microsoft, over 80% of the Fortune 1000, the United Nations, Pentagon, and all branches of the US military. AVTECH’s Room Alert helps organizations monitor the environment threats that can cause data loss and downtime. Many business continuity plans include network and data monitoring that do not monitor the environment factors that cause 30% of outages suffered by businesses. With models beginning at just $145, there is a Room Alert solution for organizations and applications of every size or type. „Having Room Alert available to government and municipal organizations directly through GSA Advantage is a huge benefit for AVTECH,” said Richard Grundy, President of AVTECH. „GSA Advantage helps government agencies, including state and local government, easily purchase supplies to help prevent and recover from disasters. Room Alert proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, and flood which can help prevent facility damage by alerting to their presence before they cause downtime.” Room Alert monitors are fully designed and built in the United States, making them TAA compliant for all agencies who can purchase through the GSA Advantage program. Additionally, AVTECH provides Device ManageR software and the GoToMyDevices cloud-based portal for Room Alert monitoring, management, and reporting. Both software packages are completely designed, supported, and updated at AVTECH’s corporate office in Rhode Island, making them TAA compliant as well. AVTECH offers a wide range of digital, switch and analog sensors designed to help users monitor as many environment conditions as possible to help protect their facilities. All the sensors are available through GSA Advantage and made in the USA, conforming to TAA compliance standards. Room Alert users can protect their facilities by easily adding sensors to monitor environment factors such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, and smoke while also monitoring factors such as motion, fuel/water tank levels, and panic buttons as well. „With our three decades of history providing support for government and municipal agencies, it was important for us to be able to help staff more quickly and easily purchase monitors and sensors,” continued Mr. Grundy.  „We are confident that the GSA Advantage program will help agencies and organizations proactively install Room Alert to quickly trigger alerts for any environment issues, rather than adding a monitor only after they’ve suffered losses and damages due to environment factors. Room Alert qualifies for both Disaster Purchasing as well as Cooperative Purchasing, which allows budgeting for environment monitoring in multiple ways. It’s never been easier for any organization who qualifies for GSA purchasing to add environment monitoring to their business continuity plan.” About AVTECH AVTECH Software (AVTECH), a private corporation founded in 1988, is a computer hardware and software developer and manufacturer based in Warren, RI. AVTECH Room Alert products are made in the USA and proactively monitor critical facilities and assets for conditions such as temperature, humidity, power, flood / water leakage, smoke / fire, air flow, room entry, motion, cameras and more. Room Alert is in use in over 180 countries, and can be found in over 80% of the Fortune 1000, most state and federal agencies, and all branches of the US military. Room Alert is „environment monitoring made easy… don’t wait until it’s too late!”  Media Contact:  Russell Benoit Phone: 401.628.1600 Email: Press@AVTECH.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.png Related Links Corporate Website Room Alert Model Comparison This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com SOURCE AVTECH Software CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computing, Environment, fire, military, pentagon, private, service, staff, tank, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bernstein & Pinchuk LLP Expands to West Coast Next PostNext Recycling Madness Begins as Colleges Nationwide Battle to be Named Champions of 2017 RecycleMania Competition Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage WARREN, R.I., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AVTECH Software (AVTECH) is pleased to announce that its entire line of Room Alert proactive temperature and environment monitors and sensors is now available for purchase by government and municipal entities through the GSA Advantage program. Room Alert, the world’s most popular environment monitor, is made in the USA and proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, smoke, and more. Room Alert is currently in use in over 180 countries by organizations ranging from thousands of SMBs through Amazon, Boeing, Sprint, Microsoft, over 80% of the Fortune 1000, the United Nations, Pentagon, and all branches of the US military. AVTECH’s Room Alert helps organizations monitor the environment threats that can cause data loss and downtime. Many business continuity plans include network and data monitoring that do not monitor the environment factors that cause 30% of outages suffered by businesses. With models beginning at just $145, there is a Room Alert solution for organizations and applications of every size or type. „Having Room Alert available to government and municipal organizations directly through GSA Advantage is a huge benefit for AVTECH,” said Richard Grundy, President of AVTECH. „GSA Advantage helps government agencies, including state and local government, easily purchase supplies to help prevent and recover from disasters. Room Alert proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, and flood which can help prevent facility damage by alerting to their presence before they cause downtime.” Room Alert monitors are fully designed and built in the United States, making them TAA compliant for all agencies who can purchase through the GSA Advantage program. Additionally, AVTECH provides Device ManageR software and the GoToMyDevices cloud-based portal for Room Alert monitoring, management, and reporting. Both software packages are completely designed, supported, and updated at AVTECH’s corporate office in Rhode Island, making them TAA compliant as well. AVTECH offers a wide range of digital, switch and analog sensors designed to help users monitor as many environment conditions as possible to help protect their facilities. All the sensors are available through GSA Advantage and made in the USA, conforming to TAA compliance standards. Room Alert users can protect their facilities by easily adding sensors to monitor environment factors such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, and smoke while also monitoring factors such as motion, fuel/water tank levels, and panic buttons as well. „With our three decades of history providing support for government and municipal agencies, it was important for us to be able to help staff more quickly and easily purchase monitors and sensors,” continued Mr. Grundy.  „We are confident that the GSA Advantage program will help agencies and organizations proactively install Room Alert to quickly trigger alerts for any environment issues, rather than adding a monitor only after they’ve suffered losses and damages due to environment factors. Room Alert qualifies for both Disaster Purchasing as well as Cooperative Purchasing, which allows budgeting for environment monitoring in multiple ways. It’s never been easier for any organization who qualifies for GSA purchasing to add environment monitoring to their business continuity plan.” About AVTECH AVTECH Software (AVTECH), a private corporation founded in 1988, is a computer hardware and software developer and manufacturer based in Warren, RI. AVTECH Room Alert products are made in the USA and proactively monitor critical facilities and assets for conditions such as temperature, humidity, power, flood / water leakage, smoke / fire, air flow, room entry, motion, cameras and more. Room Alert is in use in over 180 countries, and can be found in over 80% of the Fortune 1000, most state and federal agencies, and all branches of the US military. Room Alert is „environment monitoring made easy… don’t wait until it’s too late!”  Media Contact:  Russell Benoit Phone: 401.628.1600 Email: Press@AVTECH.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.png Related Links Corporate Website Room Alert Model Comparison This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com SOURCE AVTECH Software CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computing, Environment, fire, military, pentagon, private, service, staff, tank, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bernstein & Pinchuk LLP Expands to West Coast Next PostNext Recycling Madness Begins as Colleges Nationwide Battle to be Named Champions of 2017 RecycleMania Competition Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage WARREN, R.I., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AVTECH Software (AVTECH) is pleased to announce that its entire line of Room Alert proactive temperature and environment monitors and sensors is now available for purchase by government and municipal entities through the GSA Advantage program. Room Alert, the world’s most popular environment monitor, is made in the USA and proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, smoke, and more. Room Alert is currently in use in over 180 countries by organizations ranging from thousands of SMBs through Amazon, Boeing, Sprint, Microsoft, over 80% of the Fortune 1000, the United Nations, Pentagon, and all branches of the US military. AVTECH’s Room Alert helps organizations monitor the environment threats that can cause data loss and downtime. Many business continuity plans include network and data monitoring that do not monitor the environment factors that cause 30% of outages suffered by businesses. With models beginning at just $145, there is a Room Alert solution for organizations and applications of every size or type. „Having Room Alert available to government and municipal organizations directly through GSA Advantage is a huge benefit for AVTECH,” said Richard Grundy, President of AVTECH. „GSA Advantage helps government agencies, including state and local government, easily purchase supplies to help prevent and recover from disasters. Room Alert proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, and flood which can help prevent facility damage by alerting to their presence before they cause downtime.” Room Alert monitors are fully designed and built in the United States, making them TAA compliant for all agencies who can purchase through the GSA Advantage program. Additionally, AVTECH provides Device ManageR software and the GoToMyDevices cloud-based portal for Room Alert monitoring, management, and reporting. Both software packages are completely designed, supported, and updated at AVTECH’s corporate office in Rhode Island, making them TAA compliant as well. AVTECH offers a wide range of digital, switch and analog sensors designed to help users monitor as many environment conditions as possible to help protect their facilities. All the sensors are available through GSA Advantage and made in the USA, conforming to TAA compliance standards. Room Alert users can protect their facilities by easily adding sensors to monitor environment factors such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, and smoke while also monitoring factors such as motion, fuel/water tank levels, and panic buttons as well. „With our three decades of history providing support for government and municipal agencies, it was important for us to be able to help staff more quickly and easily purchase monitors and sensors,” continued Mr. Grundy.  „We are confident that the GSA Advantage program will help agencies and organizations proactively install Room Alert to quickly trigger alerts for any environment issues, rather than adding a monitor only after they’ve suffered losses and damages due to environment factors. Room Alert qualifies for both Disaster Purchasing as well as Cooperative Purchasing, which allows budgeting for environment monitoring in multiple ways. It’s never been easier for any organization who qualifies for GSA purchasing to add environment monitoring to their business continuity plan.” About AVTECH AVTECH Software (AVTECH), a private corporation founded in 1988, is a computer hardware and software developer and manufacturer based in Warren, RI. AVTECH Room Alert products are made in the USA and proactively monitor critical facilities and assets for conditions such as temperature, humidity, power, flood / water leakage, smoke / fire, air flow, room entry, motion, cameras and more. Room Alert is in use in over 180 countries, and can be found in over 80% of the Fortune 1000, most state and federal agencies, and all branches of the US military. Room Alert is „environment monitoring made easy… don’t wait until it’s too late!”  Media Contact:  Russell Benoit Phone: 401.628.1600 Email: Press@AVTECH.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.png Related Links Corporate Website Room Alert Model Comparison This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com SOURCE AVTECH Software CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computing, Environment, fire, military, pentagon, private, service, staff, tank, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bernstein & Pinchuk LLP Expands to West Coast Next PostNext Recycling Madness Begins as Colleges Nationwide Battle to be Named Champions of 2017 RecycleMania Competition Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage Environment monitors from Rhode Island company now available for government and municipality purchase directly through federal GSA program News provided by AVTECH Software Feb 08, 2017, 15:00 ET Share this article WARREN, R.I., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AVTECH Software (AVTECH) is pleased to announce that its entire line of Room Alert proactive temperature and environment monitors and sensors is now available for purchase by government and municipal entities through the GSA Advantage program. Room Alert, the world's most popular environment monitor, is made in the USA and proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, smoke, and more. Room Alert is currently in use in over 180 countries by organizations ranging from thousands of SMBs through Amazon, Boeing, Sprint, Microsoft, over 80% of the Fortune 1000, the United Nations, Pentagon, and all branches of the US military. AVTECH's Room Alert helps organizations monitor the environment threats that can cause data loss and downtime. Many business continuity plans include network and data monitoring that do not monitor the environment factors that cause 30% of outages suffered by businesses. With models beginning at just $145, there is a Room Alert solution for organizations and applications of every size or type. "Having Room Alert available to government and municipal organizations directly through GSA Advantage is a huge benefit for AVTECH," said Richard Grundy, President of AVTECH. "GSA Advantage helps government agencies, including state and local government, easily purchase supplies to help prevent and recover from disasters. Room Alert proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, and flood which can help prevent facility damage by alerting to their presence before they cause downtime." Room Alert monitors are fully designed and built in the United States, making them TAA compliant for all agencies who can purchase through the GSA Advantage program. Additionally, AVTECH provides Device ManageR software and the GoToMyDevices cloud-based portal for Room Alert monitoring, management, and reporting. Both software packages are completely designed, supported, and updated at AVTECH's corporate office in Rhode Island, making them TAA compliant as well. AVTECH offers a wide range of digital, switch and analog sensors designed to help users monitor as many environment conditions as possible to help protect their facilities. All the sensors are available through GSA Advantage and made in the USA, conforming to TAA compliance standards. Room Alert users can protect their facilities by easily adding sensors to monitor environment factors such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, and smoke while also monitoring factors such as motion, fuel/water tank levels, and panic buttons as well. "With our three decades of history providing support for government and municipal agencies, it was important for us to be able to help staff more quickly and easily purchase monitors and sensors," continued Mr. Grundy.  "We are confident that the GSA Advantage program will help agencies and organizations proactively install Room Alert to quickly trigger alerts for any environment issues, rather than adding a monitor only after they've suffered losses and damages due to environment factors. Room Alert qualifies for both Disaster Purchasing as well as Cooperative Purchasing, which allows budgeting for environment monitoring in multiple ways. It's never been easier for any organization who qualifies for GSA purchasing to add environment monitoring to their business continuity plan." About AVTECH AVTECH Software (AVTECH), a private corporation founded in 1988, is a computer hardware and software developer and manufacturer based in Warren, RI. AVTECH Room Alert products are made in the USA and proactively monitor critical facilities and assets for conditions such as temperature, humidity, power, flood / water leakage, smoke / fire, air flow, room entry, motion, cameras and more. Room Alert is in use in over 180 countries, and can be found in over 80% of the Fortune 1000, most state and federal agencies, and all branches of the US military. Room Alert is "environment monitoring made easy… don't wait until it's too late!"  Media Contact:  Russell Benoit Phone: 401.628.1600 Email: Press@AVTECH.com Related Images image1.jpg image2.png Related Links Corporate Website Room Alert Model Comparison This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/avtech-software-and-room-alert-approved-for-gsa-advantage-300404381.html SOURCE AVTECH Software Sep 20, 2016, 13:42 ET Preview: AVTECH Announces Release of GoToMyDevices 2.0 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Sep 20, 2016, 13:42 ETAVTECH Announces Release of GoToMyDevices 2.0 Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Environmental Products & Services You just read: AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage News provided by AVTECH Software Feb 08, 2017, 15:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Business Home > Business Trump tweets that Nordstrom treated Ivanka “so unfairly” Posted 3 days ago. The Associated Press Leave a comment 14 reads In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) NEW YORK (AP) — President Donald Trump tweeted Wednesday that Nordstrom, which decided to stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line, treated his daughter “so unfairly.” Nordstrom shares dropped after the tweet but later recovered. The department store chain had said last week that it made the decision based on the brand’s performance, and that each year it replenishes about 10 percent of its supply with new products. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” It was re-tweeted more than 6,000 times in less than an hour. Nordstrom didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. In a statement Friday, Nordstrom had said it has more than 2,000 products on its website alone. “Reviewing their merit and making edits is part of the regular rhythm of our business.” Shares in the Seattle-based chain traded around $42.70 before the president’s 10:50 a.m. tweet, then fell to $42.48 afterward in a flurry of trading. The shares recovered and were trading at $43.08 by early afternoon. It’s not the first time Trump’s tweets have at least temporarily affected a stock. U.S. automakers, Boeing and Carrier have also suffered after his comments on Twitter. But companies are clearly wrestling with a new dynamic. “What we are seeing is that we are living in a world with a different kind of chief executive in the White House,” said Matthew Shay, president and CEO of The National Retail Federation, the largest retail trade group, during a conference call with reporters Wednesday. “He has a strong opinion on issues. We are learning to work in the environment.” A social media campaign called “Grab Your Wallet” has urged a boycott of stores that stock Ivanka Trump or Donald Trump products. Ivanka Trump has said she would take a leave of absence from her clothing and accessories business as well as the Trump organization. Rosemary K. Young, senior director of marketing at Ivanka Trump, said last week that the brand is expanding and saw “significant” revenue growth last year compared to the previous year. Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Trump tweets that Nordstrom treated Ivanka “so unfairly” Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. We Caught That: 5 Epic Moments Black People Noticed At Trump’s Inauguration Black rednecks and affluent Black assumptions Generation NEXT: Devin Moore plans to share his gifts with the world Rev. Welch mounts challenge to Peduto Commentary…Pence kicks off Black History Month with awful tweet Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Go Saturday 11 February 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro Trump says considering 'brand new' immigration order 29 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons All against domestic violence 1 day ago 1  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Mixed reactions trail AMCON’s takeover of Arik Air 1 day ago 4  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Pompeii unveils Roman kiss for Valentine's day 4 hours ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Abraham Kiptom of Kenya wins 2nd Access Bank Lagos City Marathon 11 mins ago  Breaking News Spotlight Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guggenheim celebrates immigrant roots in age of Trump 4 hours ago  Art House Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Weekly political notes 5 hours ago  Policy & Politics More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Breaking News Abraham Kiptum of Kenya wins 2nd Access Bank Lagos City Marathon News  |  World   Trump attacks Nordstrom for dropping daughter’s fashion line By AFP   |   08 February 2017   |   7:31 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Ivanka TrumpPresident Donald Trump on Wednesday lashed out at department store chain Nordstrom over its decision to stop selling his daughter’s clothing line. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by Nordstrom,” Trump said in a tweet. “She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The retailer, which has about 350 stores in the United States and Canada, said last week it was dropping Ivanka Trump’s line — which includes high-end women’s clothing, accessories and shoes — due to poor sales. Since his surprise victory in the November presidential election, Trump has used his Twitter feed to lambast companies for off-shoring jobs or for allegedly overcharging the federal government for aircraft. But the latest tweet was different in that it sought to defend part of Trump’s family business empire, which critics have said could be a source of profound conflicts of interest for the White House. Unlike other companies he has attacked on Twitter, including Lockheed, Boeing and Ford, Nordstrom stock had gained nearly one percent in the early afternoon. The upscale retailer did not immediately respond to a request for comment from AFP about the Twitter attack, but Nordstrom said in a statement last week that its decision was based purely on commercial merit. “In this case, based on the brand’s performance, we’ve decided not to buy it for this season,” the company said, noting the phase-out was part of its regular review of the 2,000 brands it sells. Nordstrom was one of several retailers that faced boycott calls for selling Trump family products or supporting the campaign. Anti-Trump activists created “Grab Your Wallet” after the election to enlist consumers in boycotts to protest Trump’s agenda, which also has been met by waves of demonstrations inside and outside the United States. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Donald TrumpIvanka TrumpNordstrom Otunba “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by Nordstrom,” Trump said in a tweet. Hear this Old for nothing folk! What happens to the thousands that you have treated unfairly in your so-called irrational “Executive Order” As you are living in a Glass House, common sense should tell you not to attempt to throw stone. You may also like Saraki laments abandonment of projects 5 hours ago 1  Nigeria Presidency mismanaged Buhari’s ill-health matter, Anglican Bishop 5 hours ago  Nigeria FG alerts Nigerians on planned attacks by terrorist group 5 hours ago 1  Nigeria More   Football Conte warns Chelsea not to rest on their laurels 24 mins ago   Cavani, Di Maria fire PSG past Bordeaux as Barca loom 1 hour ago   Liverpoool battle Totthenham as Swansea set to pull Leicester into relegation waters 1 hour ago   The Indomitable Lions are back 5 hours ago   Get the latest news and analysis of issues from Nigeria, Africa and around the world, direct into your inbox, daily Subscribe Now Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A worker works at on Landing gear without wheels at the Héroux-Devtek plant in Quebec, in this file photo. (Héroux-Devtek) A worker works at on Landing gear without wheels at the Héroux-Devtek plant in Quebec, in this file photo. (Héroux-Devtek) Héroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs in response to customers’ reduced production rate Add to ... LONGUEUIL, Que. — The Canadian Press Published Tuesday, Feb. 07, 2017 9:03AM EST Last updated Tuesday, Feb. 07, 2017 9:05AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Héroux-Devtek Inc. says it will be cutting 90 employees from its work force by the end of 2017 because some customers have announced reductions to the production rates for certain aircraft programs. The announcement by the Montreal-area aerospace company, which makes landing gear for Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft manufacturers, was included with Héroux-Devtek’s third-quarter financial results issued Tuesday. Héroux-Devtek said the job cuts would be throughout its offices and plants but didn’t provide any other details. According to regulatory documents filed last year, the company employed about 1,400 people in Canada and the United States. Its head office is in Longueuil, Que., a suburb of Montreal. The company estimated the workforce reduction will result in a $4.8 million expense to be recorded in the company’s 2017 fiscal fourth quarter, which ends March 31. In its third quarter ended Dec. 31, Héroux-Devtek had $98.5 million of sales, up from $96.6 million a year earlier. Net income rose to $8.2 million or 23 cents per share, from $7 million or 19 cents per share. On an adjusted basis, Héroux-Devtek earned $6 million or 17 cents per share in the third quarter, down from $7.0 million or 19 cents per share. Report Typo/Error   HRX-THeroux-Devtek Inc Latest Price$13.16 +0.11 (+0.84%) Updated February 10 3:56 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Boeing takes tanker charge, forecasts record 2017 cash TECHNOLOGY Analysts think now is a good time to buy MDA Topics Héroux-Devtek Inc. Airbus SA United States of America The Boeing Company Montreal, Quebec Longueuil, Quebec Aerospace Heroux Devtek Inc. Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years Report on Business Japan's tiny car love may be sore spot for Trump ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Trump administration: Is it tragedy or is it farce? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | Classifieds | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In The Star - News, views and advertising of the Grand Coulee Dam Area   Reader Comments (0)  Print     Home News Opinion People Births Community Obituaries School Sports Calendar Lifestyles Legals Advertise Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad   By Don C. Brunell  Washington has lots riding on NAFTA   February 8, 2017 | LXXVI No. 46  | View PDF In 1993, President Bill Clinton was pictured holding a Washington state apple while promoting the virtues of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). That photo only underscored the importance of the agreement and our trade with Mexico and Canada. Washington is the most trade-dependent state in the nation. The Puget Sound Business Journal (PSBJ) reported last November that Washington state exported at least $134.5 billion worth of goods to Canada and Mexico since the agreement was signed. The dust-up over NAFTA focuses on Mexico from which we import more than we export. PSBJ figures Washington has 150,000 jobs depend directly on trade with Mexico, which happens to be the world’s sixth largest exporter of aerospace parts to companies like Boeing. NAFTA, negotiated under President George H. W. Bush and implemented by Clinton, eliminated most tariffs on traded goods between Canada, the United States and Mexico. It was designed to encourage economic integration among the three countries and thereby boost the economic prosperity of all three. In large part it has accomplished that goal. The Council on Foreign Relations reports trade between the three countries increased from $290 billion in 1993 to over $1 trillion in 2016. States like Washington and Texas, the nation’s largest exporter, have benefitted. Texas, has more than a million jobs relying on exports, and Mexico accounts for roughly 37 percent of that total. Whereas Washington’s exports to Mexico are heavy to agriculture, Texas sends mostly electronics, oil, gas and chemicals, and machinery south of the border. The Business Insider recently reported NAFTA has been credited with helping the U.S. auto sector become globally competitive due to cross-border supply chains. Midwestern auto workers don’t see it that way. They blame carmakers for abandoning plants and workers in states like Michigan and moving those factories and jobs to Mexico and China. The frustration over trade agreements hit the boiling point during last year’s presidential campaign. Both socialist-leaning Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (D) and now-President Donald Trump lambasted trade deals for killing American jobs, allowing companies to move to nations with lower wages and benefits, and weaker worker protections and environmental regulations. Trump called NAFTA “the worst trade deal in the history of the country” and confirmed his intent to renegotiate it since becoming president. That’s where the new president needs to exercise caution. Trade agreements take years to negotiate and are carefully balanced. Scrapping NAFTA and imposing tariffs on Mexican and Canadian goods would likely trigger counter-tariffs imposed on U.S. products. The same goes for other international trade agreements. While critics blame NAFTA for the loss of U.S. manufacturing jobs, decline in manufacturing employment started over 40 years ago as robots and automation replaced assembly line workers. However, it took a nose dive between 2000 and 2009, according to U.S. Labor Dept. statistics, and has rebounded slowly since. Roughly, six million U.S. factory workers lost their jobs in that nine-year period. NAFTA has benefitted agriculture, which is particularly good news for Washington farmers, ranchers and tree-fruit growers. According to the U.S. Trade Representative’s office, agriculture exports to Mexico have doubled and increased by 44 percent to Canada since 1993. It is always good to take a look at existing trade agreements, especially in our rapidly changing world. Modifications to those treaties should be carefully planned and negotiated with our trading partners, not hastily imposed by administration fiat. Trade is a two-way street and no country gets all it wants. Hopefully, there is a better deal for American workers by opening up NAFTA. President Trump just needs to be more measured in his rhetoric and methodical in our national approach. MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed 1. Star Obituary Policy 2. Frustration with crime ... 3. Cold catch 4. Kettle Falls Marina to ... 5. Cheryl Nannette Chapman MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: Rezoning caution warranted, but so is all due speed Congressman, how will you keep health care affordable? Time to burst the bubbles Why I will serve only one term as mayor A long history of grants and tree plans in Coulee Dam   Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment       The Star | P.O. Box 150, Grand Coulee, WA 99133 Ph: (509) 633-1350 or Toll-free: (888) 633-1350 | star@grandcoulee.com | www.grandcoulee.com Content and information copyright Star Publishing, Inc. DBA The Star Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 02/08/2017 11:20
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:43pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Airline CEOs inbound for White House 7:30 AM Thursday Feb 9, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World DALLAS (AP) " With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. Continued below. Related Content Rodney Hide: Trump trumps naysayers Diana Clement: KiwiSaver break really not as good as it sounds Your views: Readers letters' "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said " the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers " Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways " deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. ___ David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion True Commercial Freeman's Bay site has development plans An industrial property on the fringe of Auckland's central business district has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 11 Feb 2017 22:43:07 Processing Time: 336ms
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine in the morning with more clouds for later in the day. High 52F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low 33F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 3:15 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Airline CEOs inbound for White House By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Feb 8, 2017 Updated Feb 8, 2017 0 DALLAS (AP) — With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said — the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers — Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways — deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. ___ David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter Tags Wire Business Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Transportation Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Treaties International Agreements International Relations Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Cargo Airlines × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Slow start dooms Muskie girls at North Muskie boys make big plays, hold off North in 2OT Friday's prep report: Columbus, Wapello girls pick up big wins PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Feb. 3 Saturday's sectional wrestling tournaments at a glance More on this topic Sargento recalls cheese due to possible contamination Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular 2002 Muskie boys honored 15 years after unexpected run to state Connie L. Meixner-Smith Vickie Webber Anderson L-M trio seize chances to continue careers in college "Just go be funny": MHS grad to record first comedy album in Iowa City Michael Dean Cubbage Hy-Vee Mainstreet provides ride vouchers to Southend residents ahead of WFO closing Woman charged after stabbing at Hotel Muscatine Limoges: Store closure brings back flood of memories Local veteran gets national VFW award Currents Movies The best long movies that are worth your time Movies The best romantic comedies to watch on Valentine's Day +6 Homes Photos: Look inside this $250M mega mansion, the most expensive US listing Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Adam Rosales is mentor for Hawaiian high school shortstop Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Benefits of Rio's Olympic investment diminish Will Rosie O'Donnell play Bannon on 'SNL'? McConnell disagrees with Trump fraud claim Ex-NFL player: Athletes should speak out Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy skies. Low 33F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Airline CEOs inbound for White House By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Feb 8, 2017 Updated Feb 8, 2017 0 DALLAS (AP) — With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said — the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers — Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways — deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. ___ David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Transportation Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Treaties International Agreements International Relations Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Cargo Airlines × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Global Grounds opens in former McCaffrey’s Coffee After half-century, flags are still mainstay at Nelson Flag & Display Obamas join Richard Branson for private island getaway Kellogg cites costs in New York distribution site closure Disney's wonderful world may be too good to last Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Celebrating 89 years: 1928-2017 Search for: Oldest Irish American Newspaper in USA, established in 1928 Menu Home Articles News & Views Sport Arts & Leisure Editorial Business This Irish America Our Irish World Events To Nominate Law and Order Awards Top 40 Under 40 Awards Irish Community Champions Awards New York-New Belfast Connect Irish Labor Awards First Responders Awards Golden Bridges Belfast International Homecoming Advertise Media Pack Classifieds Legal Notices Events Listings This Week’s Classified Subscribe Contact About Us Subscribe to the Echo Get In Touch Shop Cart Checkout My Account Norwegian gets green light for Ireland service News & Views  /  February 8, 2017  /  By Irish Echo Staff Home / News & Views 0 Comments FacebookTwitterGoogle+PinterestTumblrLinkedInRedditEmailPrint Norwegian Airlines International is poised to be the Ryanair of the Atlantic   By Irish Echo Staff   There was a time when Norwegians landing in Ireland from Viking longboats were never going to receive the traditional hundred thousand welcomes. But the arrival of Norwegian-owned aircraft bearing visitors from the United States will be an entirely different story. And this will happen soon after the Trump administration confirmed a previous Obama administration clearance for Norwegian Air International to operate low fare flights from the Boston and New York areas to Shannon and Cork. The airports used are likely to be smaller regional ones. The initial service will be from Boston to Cork starting in May or June of this year. A service out of the New York area is expected to follow next year. The U.S. Department of Transportation granted the Irish-based Norwegian Air International a foreign carrier’s permit in early December, this after a protracted process, RTE reported today. The green light was despite opposition from over a hundred members of Congress and the U.S. Airline Pilots Association who are concerned over workplace practices in the airline. White House Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, said that it was his understanding that fifty percent of the Norwegian crews were going to be American-based and that they were going to be flying Boeing planes on the transatlantic routes. The potential for job creation in the U.S. as a result of the Norwegian plan is clearly a winner as far as the White House is concerned. The potential tourism boost for Ireland is hugely significant as flights out of Boston and New York are expected to be later augmented by services from other U.S. cities. “We’re pleased with the U.S. Press Secretary’s correct understanding of Norwegian and Norwegian Air International,” said Norwegian spokesman, Stuart Buss. “No other foreign airline invests more in the American economy or creates more American jobs than Norwegian. “We also operate an all-Boeing fleet of more than 120 Boeing aircraft, with another 120 on order generating further economic benefits and jobs in the U.S.” The Norwegian move is now expected to spark a price war over the Atlantic and offers Cork its long-awaited first transatlantic link, the Irish Independent reported. Cork Airport managing director, Niall MacCarthy, hailed the decision as “a great win for Open Skies,” a reference to the international treaty allowing airlines from different countries to operate routes that do not necessarily begin or end in their countries of origin. That treaty is strongly backed by the European Union, but concerns over employment practices in Norwegian resulted in a delayed U.S. clearance. That clearance came before Christmas and was actually announced by Taoiseach Enda Kenny at a reception in the Irish Consulate during a visit to New York. Mr. Kenny had asked President Obama to intervene so as to clear the path for the NAI service, and the response from the Obama White was positive. It is now positive from the Trump White House too. Other articles you may want to read... News & Views By Ray O'HanlonFeb 90 They’re Baaack…….. A Tu-160 “Blackjack”   By Ray O’Hanlon     After a hiatus lasting some months, Russian bombers were... Read more News & Views By Evan ShortFeb 70 Debate swirls around political travel plans Mr. Trump, then a private citizen, being greeted by Minister Michael Noonan at Shannon Airport in... Read more News & Views By Ray O'HanlonFeb 60 Journalist John O’Mahony dead at 63 John O’Mahony   By Ray O’Hanlon   John O’Mahony, a Bantry, County Cork native who made a name for... Read more 40 Under 40 People’s Choice Poll 2017 Irish Echo 40 Under 40 People's Choice Award 2017 Irish Echo Events Advertisement Digital Edition Daily Irish Echo Get In Touch Address: 165 Madison Avenue, Suite 302, New York, NY 10016 Tel: 212-482-4818 Fax: (212) 482-6569 or (212) 482-7394 Follow @https://twitter.com/IrishEcho Recent Comments Billy McComiskey: Irish American Tradition Bearer | Folklife Today on McComiskey is trad artist of 2011 Mike on Irish sovereignty extends only so high Peadar on ’81 plane hijacker reveals Fatima obsession Popular Articles Does President Obama oppose Catholic teachings? February 15, 2012 Dueling bills December 28, 2011 Maureen O'Hara takes a final public bow May 31, 2013 Home Get In Touch Place a Classified © Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Business February 8, 2017 12:28 PM Airline CEOs inbound for White House By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DALLAS With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said — the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers — Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways — deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:16 Tempers flare after state flag defender targets transgender people at USM panel Pause 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 2:09 Gang activity tends to be violent 2:33 USM holds panel to discuss impact of state flag 1:19 Education funding is a challenge, and it may get harder 2:17 Acting helps seniors improve memory 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? 1:14 Wynonna and The Big Noise sing 'Hallelujah' in Biloxi 1:40 Harrison Central completes comeback against Biloxi 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago The Blind Tiger roars into Biloxi 2:07 2 days ago The Blind Tiger roars into Biloxi 1:10 4 days ago Rob Stinson likes casino near Biloxi's Restaurant Row 2:49 5 days ago Bo knows luxury cars View more video Business The Blind Tiger, opening Friday, invites guests to ‘come as you are’ Former Gov. Barbour now lobbying to bring casinos to Georgia Gulfport looks to align casino regulations with state laws Support grows for another Biloxi casino site Murky Waters barbecue restaurant opening third location Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 56° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mostly sunny. High 61F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 43F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business AP Airline CEOs inbound for White House By DAVID KOENIG AP Airlines Writer Feb 8, 2017 (…) DALLAS (AP) — With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said — the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. See how St. Louis stocks are faring Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers — Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways — deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. ___ David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business Travel Laws And Regulations Government Regulations Government And Politics Transportation Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Hiring And Recruitment Personnel Treaties International Agreements International Relations Airlines Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Cargo Airlines Locations United States North America Dallas Texas Persian Gulf United Arab Emirates Middle East Norway Western Europe Europe Qatar District Of Columbia View (…) comments Most popular Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois Missouri consumer law is under attack U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Chesterfield doctor's company placed on probation, must pay back $166,000 Immigration ad from Budweiser leads to some calls for boycott Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section U.S. stock indexes extend climb into record heights Jesuits' archives under construction in St. Louis Payless said in negotiation with lenders to close 1,000 stores St. Louis printer Universal Printing laying off 102 employees, going out of business Convergys laying off 175 employees in Hazelwood Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Selected nominees will be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com! Celebrate your company's culture! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at Sydney Opera House From Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Airline CEOs Inbound for White House By david koenig, ap airlines writer DALLAS  Feb 8, 2017, 1:26 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email With U.S. airline executives meeting this week with President Donald Trump, the White House appears skeptical about a push by carriers and their unions to block competition from a European airline. Pilot unions in particular want Trump to overturn an Obama administration decision that allows European budget airline Norwegian Air Shuttle to expand service to the U.S. through an Irish subsidiary. Unions say the subsidiary would skirt labor laws and threaten U.S. jobs. But this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer suggested that the country would benefit from the arrangement. He said U.S. workers would build the planes and serve them. "There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now," Spicer said. While saying he did not want to get ahead of the president, Spicer added that "we are talking about U.S. jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who is building those planes." Norwegian lauded the remarks. Anders Lindsrom said Norwegian has 500 crew members based in the U.S. and is the only foreign airline recruiting American pilots. The airline has 120 Boeing planes now and has orders for another 120, he said. Norwegian seeks to undercut competitors through lower labor costs, said Dan Carey, president of the pilots' union at American Airlines. Allowing it to expand "runs completely counter to President Trump's pledge to put U.S. workers' interests first" and could "destroy a great many U.S. jobs," he said. The chief executives of several airlines, including American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines as well as executives from air cargo companies, were invited to a breakfast meeting with Trump on Thursday. A spokesman for American Airlines said CEO Doug Parker would not attend because he'll be at a meeting in Dallas for 1,600 employees. Other airlines declined to comment or did not immediately respond. The president held a similar meeting last month with auto-industry CEOs and told them to increase U.S. production and create American jobs. Trump's focus with the airline chiefs will also be on jobs, Spicer said. "Obviously the president is going to want to talk about economic growth, job creation, how he is enacting orders to make sure the country is safe," Spicer said — the latter an apparent reference to Trump's executive order that temporarily blocked travel to the U.S. by people from seven mostly-Muslim countries. Airline officials were unhappy with the confusion surrounding the rollout of the travel order. American's Parker said in a letter to employees that the order was "divisive," created turmoil at airports, and suggested that it didn't reflect his airline's values. United CEO Oscar Munoz told Business Insider that the order should have been carried out "a little more thoughtfully" and may have made some people afraid to travel. The executives of the biggest airlines are likely to press Trump on their complaint, shared by American, that three big Persian Gulf airlines are unfairly subsidized by their government in violation of aviation treaties. Subsidies "allow the Gulf carriers to operate without concern for turning a profit, unlike U.S. airlines, and therefore focus entirely on stripping market share and driving out competition," CEOs of American, Delta and United said last week in a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The state-owned Gulf carriers — Emirates and Etihad Airways, both based in the United Arab Emirates, and Qatar Airways — deny the charges. There are complications to the dispute. Some U.S. carriers, including JetBlue and cargo airline FedEx Corp., back the Gulf carriers and oppose shaking up aviation treaties. Several consumer groups also support the Gulf carriers, arguing that more competition leads to lower fares. And the Gulf airlines buy Boeing planes. In October, Qatar Airways announced it ordered 40 Boeing wide-body jets and planned to buy up to 60 more narrow-body planes in deals valued at $18.6 billion, although airlines usually get big discounts off list prices. ——— David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter 0 Shares Email Star Comments Airline CEOs Inbound for White House " What's Next in the Legal Battle Over Trump's Immigration Plan " Dylann Roof's Lawyers Look to Have Death Penalty Tossed " Powerful Quake Kills at Least 6 in Southern Philippines " Obama Hires Agency for Speaking Gigs, Lawyers for Book Deals " American Airlines Pilots Say CEO Should've Met With Trump " Detroit Tigers, Red Wings Owner Mike Ilitch Dies at Age 87 " Trump Revives Voter Fraud Claims in Lunch With Senators " NFL More Forceful on Texas 'Bathroom Bill' After Super Bowl " Residents Say 1st Atom Bomb Test Caused Cancer Cases " Museum Shuts Down Shia LaBeouf's Protest Project Over 'Safety Hazards' " Trump: 'Good Chemistry' With Japan’s Leader, 'Getting Along Very Well' With China " Inside Trump's Relationship With Japanese Prime Minister Abe " The US's One-China Policy Explained " Larry Birkhead on What Anna Nicole Smith Was Really Like " Anna Nicole Smith's Daughter 'Fearless Like Her Mom' " Olympic Ghost Town: Bills Due, Venues Empty After Rio Games " Sacrificing California Spillway May Avoid Emergency Releases " How This Polyamorous Couple Plans to Celebrate Valentine's Day " Ryan Gosling Was Prepared to 'Defend' Oscar-Nominated 'La La Land' " Dance Moves for Women Scientifically Proven to Be Sexy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,316.10 8.23 (0.36%) Dow 30 20,269.37 96.97 (0.48%) Nasdaq 5,734.13 18.95 (0.33%) Factbox: Company shares mostly able to recover from Trump tweets ReutersFebruary 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's tweets on various companies have drawn much attention, but with the Dow <.DJI>, S&P 500 <.SPX> and Nasdaq at or near record levels, the impact on the shares of those companies has been mostly short-lived. Following is a list of companies targeted in Trump's tweets: Nordstrom Inc <JWN.N>: The most recent tweet from Trump on Wednesday was a departure from his prior criticisms in that it related to his daughter Ivanka's business dealings and not his political agenda. Trump said his daughter had been treated "unfairly" by the company, which media outlets reported last week was winding down its relationship with Ivanka's brand. Shares of Nordstrom dropped 0.7 percent and spiked in volume in a one-minute span on Wednesday but were last up 1.5 percent at a session high of $43.42 in early afternoon. Rexnord Corp <RXN.N>: Trump targeted the company in a Dec. 2 tweet for "moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers." The stock shed 1.1 percent in the following session but is up nearly 12 percent since the tweet and closed at a 9-1/2 month high on Tuesday. Boeing Co <BA.N>: The Dow component was targeted by Trump in a Dec. 6 tweet that criticized costs for the Air Force One plane manufactured by the company. Shares closed that session little changed and have since jumped more than 9 percent through Tuesday's close. United Technologies Corp <UTX.N>: Trump tweeted on Nov. 24 about working on a deal with the Dow component to keep jobs at its Carrier unit in Indiana. Shares gained 0.6 percent in the session following the Thanksgiving holiday and have advanced 2.9 percent through Tuesday. Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N>: Trump on Dec. 12 tweeted about the U.S. defense company's F-35 fighter jet program, calling it "out of control." Lockheed Martin shares fell 2.5 percent on the day of the tweet, but have recovered somewhat since and were down 1.2 percent since as of Monday's close. Lockheed Martin has outperformed the NYSE Arca Defense index <.DFII>, which has fallen 3.7 percent over the same time frame. General Motors Co <GM.N>: Trump on Jan. 3 threatened a "big border tax" on GM for making its Chevy Cruze model in Mexico. GM's shares fell briefly in premarket trade following the tweets but have since gained only 0.7 percent as disappointment in the automaker's quarterly earnings on Tuesday dragged shares down nearly 5 percent. Ford Motor Co <F.N.>: Shares are up about 4 percent since Trump tweeted on Nov. 17 the company would keep jobs in Kentucky. Fiat Chrysler <FCAU.N> <FCHA.MI> : Trump applauded the company on Twitter on Jan. 9 for plans to invest in Michigan and Ohio plants. U.S.-listed shares of the stock are down more than 1 percent since, including a drop of nearly 5 percent on Tuesday after French investigators referred the company for possible prosecution over emissions. Toyota Motor Co <TM.N> <7203.T>: In response to the automaker's plan to build its Corolla cars in Mexico, Trump tweeted on Jan. 5, "NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax," which sent shares down 0.6 percent on the session. U.S.-listed shares of the stock are down 6.6 percent since. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US immigration agents arrest hundreds in nationwide sweep Business Insider Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Donald Trump may sign new travel ban executive order, as White House announces it won't take current immigration fight to the Supreme Court The Telegraph Trump warns Iran president he 'better be careful' AFP Education secretary Betsy DeVos physically blocked from entering public school by protesters International Business Times This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored US officials reportedly confirm elements of Russia dossier that targeted Trump Business Insider Americans Renouncing Citizenship at Record High Bloomberg Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: internal report Reuters Why Customers Will Be Back For DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Under Armour has a Trump dilemma Yahoo Finance Cramer Remix: The off-the-radar defense play on fire that... CNBC Videos Shopping for the Ivanka Trump brand is a nightmare in NYC Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored The CFPB has returned $12B to consumers. Republicans want to kill it Yahoo Finance Why bitcoin will surge to $25,000 Yahoo Finance Sessions calls rise in crime a ‘dangerous permanent trend,’ but FBI data shows rate consistently falling Thomas: Trump and his tools know that anything they say, however demonstratively false, will be believed by their rabid followers no matter what. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost POLITICS Donald Trump Attacks Nordstrom For Dropping Ivanka Trump's Clothing Line The president complained that the retailer had treated his adult daughter "so unfairly." 02/08/2017 12:59 pm ET | Updated 2 days ago 20k Christina Wilkie White House reporter, The Huffington Post President Donald Trump launched a social media attack from the White House Wednesday against Nordstrom, after the retail chain decided this month not to carry his daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom,” Trump complained on Twitter Wednesday morning. “She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” Within minutes, @POTUS ― the president’s official White House Twitter account, previously used by President Barack Obama ― retweeted Trump’s complaint, sharing it with 15 million followers. White House social media accounts like @POTUS are managed by White House staff, and are subject to the Presidential Records Act, which requires that presidential communications be archived. Trump has a separate, personal Twitter account that he also uses. Below is the official presidential account as it appeared Wednesday. Twitter This is not the first time Trump has attacked a company on Twitter. But his previous tirades against companies were, by and large, objections to how corporate policies would affect their employees and taxpayers ― not complaints about how corporate decisions would affect Trump’s own family members.  Nordstrom said the decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump’s brand was based on its poor sales, not politics. “In this case, based on the brand’s performance, we’ve decided not to buy it for this season,” the company previously said in a statement. On Wednesday, it noted that “Ivanka was personally informed” of the company’s decision “in early January.” Every year, Nordstrom cuts around 10 percent of the thousands of brands it stocks. But the president evidently doesn’t believe that poor sales were the driving force behind Nordstrom’s decision.  My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 According to White House spokesman Sean Spicer, Trump thinks his daughter’s apparel brand was dropped was because “they have a problem with [Trump’s] policies.”  At a White House briefing Wednesday, Spicer said that for Trump, Nordstrom’s decision amounted to “an attack on his daughter.” When companies “take out their concern about [Trump’s] actions or his executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities,” Spicer told reporters.   Nordstrom announced its decision to drop Ivanka’s line of career separates a few days after the president signed a highly controversial ban on travel and immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries. “For someone to take out their concern with his policies on a family member of his is just not acceptable,” Spicer said.  Spicer did not offer any evidence to support the claim that Nordstrom’s decision was politically motivated and not based on sales. He also refused to address why Trump used public resources ― namely, his official White House Twitter account ― to pursue a personal vendetta on behalf of his adult daughter’s clothing brand. A spokeswoman for Ivanka Trump’s clothing line declined to comment on the president’s tweets, or on Nordstrom’s business decision. White House ethics experts were quick to point out that it’s unprecedented for a sitting president to attack a public company because of a business deal it had with one of his children. Former Obama White House ethics czar Norm Eisen called Trump’s tweet “outrageous” Wednesday, and offered to help Nordstrom sue the president.  Outrageous. @nordstrom, others injured should consider suing, incl. under CA Unfair Comp Law, forbidding "any unfair biz act." I will help! https://t.co/Y18Lml3rXk— Norm Eisen (@NormEisen) February 8, 2017 Do you have information you want to share with the Huffington Post? Here’s how. Also on HuffPost Ivanka Trump house Ivanka Trump house 1 of 9 Share this slide: Zillow More: Donald Trump Business And Finance Nordstrom Suggest a correction 1,842 Comments Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS How will Donald Trump’s first 100 days impact YOU? Subscribe, choose the community that you most identify with or want to learn more about and we’ll send you the news that matters most once a week throughout Trump’s first 100 days in office. Learn more Newsletter 2.03 M 1.11 M 468 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Donald Trump Attacks Nordstrom For Dropping Ivanka Trump's Clothing Line NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage Environment monitors from Rhode Island company now available for government and municipality purchase directly through federal GSA program Warren, RI – February 8, 2017 – (Newswire.com) AVTECH Software (AVTECH) is pleased to announce that its entire line of Room Alert proactive temperature and environment monitors and sensors is now available for purchase by government and municipal entities through the GSA Advantage program. Room Alert, the world’s most popular environment monitor, is made in the USA and proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, smoke, and more. Room Alert is currently in use in over 180 countries by organizations ranging from thousands of SMBs through Amazon, Boeing, Sprint, Microsoft, over 80% of the Fortune 1000, the United Nations, Pentagon, and all branches of the US military. AVTECH’s Room Alert helps organizations monitor the environment threats that can cause data loss and downtime. Many business continuity plans include network and data monitoring that do not monitor the environment factors that cause 30% of outages suffered by businesses. With models beginning at just $145, there is a Room Alert solution for organizations and applications of every size or type. “Having Room Alert available to government and municipal organizations directly through GSA Advantage is a huge benefit for AVTECH,” said Richard Grundy, President of AVTECH. “GSA Advantage helps government agencies, including state and local government, easily purchase supplies to help prevent and recover from disasters. Room Alert proactively monitors environment conditions such as temperature, humidity, and flood which can help prevent facility damage by alerting to their presence before they cause downtime.” Room Alert monitors are fully designed and built in the United States, making them TAA compliant for all agencies who can purchase through the GSA Advantage program. Additionally, AVTECH provides Device ManageR software and the GoToMyDevices cloud-based portal for Room Alert monitoring, management, and reporting. Both software packages are completely designed, supported, and updated at AVTECH’s corporate office in Rhode Island, making them TAA compliant as well. AVTECH offers a wide range of digital, switch and analog sensors designed to help users monitor as many environment conditions as possible to help protect their facilities. All the sensors are available through GSA Advantage and made in the USA, conforming to TAA compliance standards. Room Alert users can protect their facilities by easily adding sensors to monitor environment factors such as temperature, humidity, flood, power, and smoke while also monitoring factors such as motion, fuel/water tank levels, and panic buttons as well. “With our three decades of history providing support for government and municipal agencies, it was important for us to be able to help staff more quickly and easily purchase monitors and sensors,” continued Mr. Grundy.  “We are confident that the GSA Advantage program will help agencies and organizations proactively install Room Alert to quickly trigger alerts for any environment issues, rather than adding a monitor only after they’ve suffered losses and damages due to environment factors. Room Alert qualifies for both Disaster Purchasing as well as Cooperative Purchasing, which allows budgeting for environment monitoring in multiple ways. It’s never been easier for any organization who qualifies for GSA purchasing to add environment monitoring to their business continuity plan.” About AVTECH AVTECH Software (AVTECH), a private corporation founded in 1988, is a computer hardware and software developer and manufacturer based in Warren, RI. AVTECH Room Alert products are made in the USA and proactively monitor critical facilities and assets for conditions such as temperature, humidity, power, flood / water leakage, smoke / fire, air flow, room entry, motion, cameras and more. Room Alert is in use in over 180 countries, and can be found in over 80% of the Fortune 1000, most state and federal agencies, and all branches of the US military. Room Alert is “environment monitoring made easy… don’t wait until it’s too late!”  Media Contact:  Russell Benoit Phone: 401.628.1600 Email: Press@AVTECH.com Related Links Corporate Website Room Alert Model Comparison Related Images Press Release Service by Newswire.com Original Source: AVTECH Software and Room Alert Approved for GSA Advantage CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, Environment, fire, military, pentagon, private, service, staff, tank, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reward Sciences Integrates Loyalty & Rewards Platform Into More Than 750 Business Apps Via Groundbreaking Partnership Next PostNext Greyhound Continues Its Transformation By Improving Booking Process Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility Advertise Subscribe Close Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Renew Area Development - Site Selection, Facility Planning and Workforce Development Follow Search Close Area Development Homepage All Sections Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Construction / Project Planning Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business AD Editorial Board Bill Luttrell Senior Locations Strategist, Werner Global Logistics, Werner Enterprises Bradley Migdal Senior Managing Director, Business Incentives Practice, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Brian Corde Managing Partner, Atlas Insight Christine Bustamante National Co-Leader, Global Location and Expansion Services, State and Local Tax, KPMG LLP Dan Levine Practice Leader, Location Strategies and Economic Development, Oxford Economics, Inc. Dan White Senior Economist, Moody's Analytics Dean J. Uminski, CEcD Principal, Crowe Horwath Dennis Cuneo Managing Partner , Fisher & Phillips Eric Stavriotis Senior Vice President, CBRE, Inc. Gregory Burkart Managing Director and Practice Leader, Site Selection & Business Incentive Advisory Services, Duff & Phelps, LLC Jamie Lominack Corporate Real Estate Manager, Michelin North America John Morris SIOR, Industrial Services Lead for the Americas, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Josh Bays Principal, Site Selection Group, LLC Les Cranmer Senior Managing Director, Savills Studley Marc Beauchamp Vice President & Partner, The CAI Global Group Michael McDermott Consulting Manager, Global Business Consulting, Cushman & Wakefield Minah Hall Managing Director, True Partners Consulting LLC Scott Kupperman Founder, Kupperman Location Solutions Scott Redabaugh Managing Director, JLL Stephen Gray CEO, Gray Construction Thomas J. Stringer, Esq. Managing Director & Practice Leader, Site Selection and Business Incentives Group, BDO USA Tim Feemster Managing Principal, Foremost Quality Logistics Business+Place | U.S. Regional Reports Regional Report: Varied Sectors Riding the High-Tech Wave in the Pacific States From high-tech to clean-tech to tourism, the Pacific States are seeing economic expansion, although it’s uneven throughout the region. Mark Crawford, Contributing Editor Directory 2017 State economies in the Pacific region are as varied as the rugged Pacific coastline. For example, Oregon and Washington have some of the fastest-growing economies in the country, expanding at 3.9 percent GSP for the first quarter of 2016. California, with its huge economy (if California was an independent country, it would be the seventh-largest economy in the world) grew at a respectable 2 percent. Being less diversified, growth rates for GSP in Hawaii (1.7 percent) and Alaska (-1.0 percent) were smaller. Unemployment rates for California, Oregon, and Washington were 5.5 to 5.6 percent in September 2016. Impacted by reduced oil and gas production, Alaska's unemployment rate was higher at 6.9 percent; fueled by an improving national economy and a resurgence in tourism, Hawaii enjoyed an unemployment rate of 3.3 percent in September 2016. Tech Jobs in Demand Strong economic growth, high-tech industries, and good-paying jobs make California, Oregon, and Washington places where people want to live and work. California created 483,000 jobs in 2015, far more than any other state. In 2015, Oregon had one of the best-performing economies in the nation as measured by employment, home prices, personal income, and tax revenues, according to Bloomberg. Tech jobs are especially in high demand. In Portland, for example, the IT industry reported a 7.7 percent increase in employment in 2015 — about an extra 1,800 jobs. Another booming tech cluster is the Puget Sound region of Washington. This increased overall growth does create challenges such as more in-migration, which drives up housing costs and impacts education and transportation capacities. But it also drives an improving housing market up and down the coast. For instance, Washington's real estate sector GDP grew by almost 1.0 percent in the first quarter of 2016. Diversified economies keep the Pacific mainland rolling along, even when the states' more traditional industries such as agriculture and energy suffer economic downturns. Much of the diversity comes from technology-based industries such as biotechnology, communications, computers and IT, electronics, clean energy, and digital media. Tech companies in the San Francisco Bay area's "Silicon Valley" are at record levels of employment, even topping the peaks of the dot-com era. "The Bay Area is marching to its own drumbeat and is going to outperform California," predicts Stephen Levy, director of the Palo Alto-based Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy. There are still plenty of deals taking place. For example, GE Digital recently announced it would buy Pleasanton-based ServiceMax, a machinery management software maker, for $915 million. California is also the undisputed leader in the rapidly expanding green energy sector — among the more than 100 North American companies in the Bloomberg Americas Clean Energy Index, about 20 percent are headquartered in California, with an average revenue growth of 11 percent. Another important high-tech industry in the Pacific region, especially in Washington, is aerospace, where several clusters develop and build products for major manufacturers and airlines throughout the world, including Boeing, Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier. SlideshowPacific Region Demographics and Industries Close Pacific Region Demographics and Industries Alaska: Principal Manufacturing Industries Source: Emsi 2016.4 (via BLS, Census and BEA) California: Principal Manufacturing Industries Source: Emsi 2016.4 (via BLS, Census and BEA) Hawaii: Principal Manufacturing Industries Source: Emsi 2016.4 (via BLS, Census and BEA) Oregon: Principal Manufacturing Industries Source: Emsi 2016.4 (via BLS, Census and BEA) Washington: Principal Manufacturing Industries Source: Emsi 2016.4 (via BLS, Census and BEA) Pacific Region: 2016 Educational Attainment Source: Emsi and U.S. Census Bureau's decennial census/Current Population Statisics Pacific Region: Demographics Population - Source: Emsi and Census, Total Labor Force - Source: BLS (Local Area Unemployment Statistics), Jobs - Source: Emsi 2016.4, Total Unemployed - Source: BLS (Local Area Unemployment Statistics) Pacific Region: Top Industry Clusters Source: Emsi Developer (via BLS, Census, BEA and Emsi's Input-Output Model) Demographic Analysis Provided by Emsi. Emsi is a labor market and economic analytics firm based in Moscow, Idaho. It supplies data via software and consulting to hundreds of economic development organizations, workforce agencies, educational institutions, and companies in the US, UK, and Canada. For more, visit economicmodeling.com. Tourism Up; Oil and Gas in Slump Both Hawaii and Alaska have economies that greatly depend on one or two key industries. In Hawaii, that industry is tourism, which is the largest single income source for the state and impacts all other key se ctors, including construction, hospitality, transportation, retail, and health and wellness. According to the Department of Business, Economic Development and Tourism (DBEDT), during the first quarter of 2016, a total of 14,400 non-agriculture payroll jobs were added in the economy, representing a 2.3 percent increase. Most industries gained jobs, led by the construction industry, which contributed 46 percent of the total job gain with an increase of 6,600 jobs. (In fact, 2015 was a record year for the construction industry in the state, with the total value of construction completed equaling $8.1 billion.) Other job gains in the first quarter of 2016 included food services (2,700 jobs) and healthcare and social assistance (2,500 jobs). DBEDT expects Hawaii's economic growth to increase to 2.4 percent in 2017. In contrast, Alaska is linked to an industry that is currently in a major slump — oil and gas. The oil and gas industry is the largest component of Alaska's economy — nearly 85 percent of the state budget and about one third of all state jobs are supplied by oil revenues. Reduced oil and gas activities have hit the state budget hard. Petroleum was down 13 percent in the first quarter of 2016, representing a loss of about 2,000 jobs. Construction declined about 9 percent in the same quarter, losing 1,300 jobs. Industries that are showing some gains include seafood, healthcare, and transportation and warehousing. Alaska is continuing its efforts to diversify. The state's third-place ranking in the Tax Foundation's 2017 State Business Tax Climate Index makes it an attractive place to conduct business. Alaska's corporate income tax is on a sliding scale, ranging from zero percent for companies with less than $25,000 in income to 9.4 percent for those making more than $222,000. This makes it easier for startup companies with limited funds to grow their businesses. Alaska's entrepreneurial ecosystem is starting to gain more traction, in part thanks to Launch, the state's first business accelerator. Located in Anchorage, Launch has received grants from the Small Business Administration ($50,000 in both 2015 and 2016) and the Office of Naval Research ($600,000). Tenants are developing innovative technologies and applications, such as drones and robotics, which will benefit areas that are critical to Alaska's economic growth, such as safer and more cost-efficient energy development. Launch is also supported by the Alaska Accelerator Fund, a local seed capital fund that was established with a $13.2 million grant from the federal government. "We have a co-working space, we have venture funds, we have a relationship with the University of Alaska," says Lance Ahern, managing director at Launch. "All the pieces are here." Mark Crawford, Contributing Editor Mark Crawford is a full-time freelance writer in Madison, Wisconsin, who specializes in business writing. He is also the author of five books. International Location Reports International Location Report: Expectations for a Steady Canadian Economy in 2017 Directory 2017 U.S. Regional Reports Regional Report: High-Tech and Clean-Tech Companies Driving Growth in the Mountain States Directory 2017 U.S. Regional Reports Regional Report: Industrial Diversification Creates Stable, Sustainable Economies in the Plains Directory 2017 Kentucky Location Notebook: Kentucky Is Serious about Advanced Manufacturing Directory 2017 RELATED TOPICS AND ARTICLES U.S. Regional Reports Regional Report: A Slow, But Steady Pace of Economic Growth for the New England States Regional Report: Midwest Economy Buffeted by the Winds of Change Regional Report: Meeting Economic Challenges Head On in the Southwest Regional Report: Manufacturing Success Stories Continue in the South Regional Report: South Atlantic Region Ranks High for Business Investment Article Discussion News Items Around The Web Studies/Research Code Koalas Plans Expansion At Its Kansas City, Missouri, Headquarters & Operations Center 02/10/2017 AutoAlert Relocating Headquarters To Kansas City, Missouri 02/10/2017 Carolina Structural Systems Opens Manufacturing Plant In Star, North Carolina 02/10/2017 Fisher Meats Opens Idle Plant, Triples Footprint In Redkey, Indiana 02/10/2017 Prairie Farms Dairy Plans $8.7 Million Expansion At Fort Wayne, Indiana, Operations Center 02/10/2017 IOMAXIS Expands Fairfax, Virginia, Operations Hub 02/10/2017 Romeo Power Expands Manufacturing In Vernon, California 02/09/2017 All News Items  Tips: Send Us Business Expansion or Relocation News Industrial Manufacturers’ Optimism Reflected in Expectations of Higher Revenue Growth, Increased Capital Spending Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine In Focus: Has the Moment for Infrastructure Revival Arrived? Walter Kemmsies, Ph.D., JLL Where Should Aerospace Companies Invest? Evaluating Aerospace Manufacturing Hubs Scott Thompson, PwC 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities Joshua Wright, Emsi U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Mark Crawford Technological Innovation Essential to U.S. Manufacturing Growth Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Which Countries Have Lowest Business Costs? Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine All Studies/Research/Papers Most Read International Location Report: Expectations for a Steady Canadian Economy in 2017 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Navigating Uncharted Waters: 5 Trends Affecting Capital Investment Plans A Winning Strategy to Realize Maximum Incentive Benefits Higher Ed for Hire: Providing Fuel for High-demand, High-skilled Jobs Editor’s Note: About Those Manufacturing Jobs… Regional Report: Varied Sectors Riding the High-Tech Wave in the Pacific States Follow Area Development SPECIAL PRESENTATIONS 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects 30th Annual Corporate Survey & 12th Annual Consultants Survey Results Share Area Development Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Subscribe State Resources Mid-Atlantic Delaware Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Midwest Illinois Indiana Iowa Michigan Minnesota Missouri Ohio Wisconsin Mountain Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada Utah Wyoming New England Connecticut Maine Massachusetts New Hampshire Rhode Island Vermont Pacific Alaska California Hawaii Oregon Washington Plains Kansas Nebraska North Dakota South Dakota South Alabama Arkansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Tennessee South-Atlantic Florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Texas Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Logistics / Infrastructure Site Selection Factors / Strategy Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Capital Access / Finance Construction / Project Planning Portfolio Management / CRE Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Economic Development Directory Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business U.S. Regional Reports Departments News Items Studies/Research/Papers Viewpoint Industry Sectors Advanced Manufacturing Aerospace Automotive Biotech / Life Sciences Energy / Clean Tech Food Processing Inward Investment Guides Location Canada Location USA Property Types Corporate HQ / Office Data Centers DCs / Warehousing Manufacturing / Industrial Services Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Contact Related Sites Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility FastGIS Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Area Development Exclusives Next Slide Previous Slide Top States for Business » 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Metro Locations » Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Annual Gold Shovel Economic Development Awards » 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Executive Survey Results » 30th Annual Survey of Corporate Executives: Cautious Optimism Reflected Inward Investment Guides » Location USA: A guide for inward investment to the United States Inward Investment Guides » FDI: Location Canada Economic Development Directory » Find the Right Location for Your Next Business Site, Facility or Headquarters Available Buildings and Sites » The free access database for companies, consultants and prospects seeking available buildings and/or sites Services Magazine Subscription/Renewal Newsletter Current Issue Contact Area Development Advertise Quick Links / Topics Asset Management Labor / Workforce Development Site Selection Business Expansion / Economic Development News State Resources Views Special Presentations Gold & Silver Shovel Economic Development Awards Annual Corporate & Consultants Survey Results Leading Metro Locations Top States for Doing Business Related Resources GIS, commercial listings database for expanding companies, consultants and other prospects who are seeking available buildings and/or sites. Scout locations for Your next business site, facility or headquarters and connect with economic development pros who can assist in the site selection process. Events focusing on best practices in economic development, bringing together industry leading consultants with economic development professionals. Follow Area Development on Twitter Pin Us Delicious Follow Area Development on LinkedIn Subscribe to Area Development RSS Feeds Subscribe to Area Development Newsletters All contents copyright © 2017 Halcyon Business Publications, Inc. Close Search Results
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today These Four Stocks Are Driving the Dow Industrials Higher Four stocks have been responsible for the gains in the Dow Jones Industrial Average so far this year. Scott Gamm Feb 8, 2017 11:24 AM EST Four stocks have been responsible for the gains in the Dow Jones Industrial Average so far this year: Apple (AAPL) , Visa (V) , IBM (IBM) and Boeing (BA) . Apple is up 13.6% year to date, while Visa is up 10%. IBM is up 6.7% and Boeing shares gained 6% since the start of the year. "Visa recently completed its acquisition of Visa Europe," said TheStreet's banking editor James Langford. "That's expected to boost their earnings significantly through the current year."  If you liked this article you might like Apple's iPhone 8 Could Represent a Big Break with the Past In addition to being packed with new features, the company's latest flagship iPhone might sport an unprecedented price and feature an earlier production ramp. Eric Jhonsa Feb 10, 2017 8:21 PM EST Apple Rises Amidst Surging Markets, but Investors Shouldn't Chase the Momentum Three of the four major indices closed at all-time highs. Richard Gobel Feb 10, 2017 6:18 PM EST Intel's Growth Strategy Is Decent, But Could Create Openings for AMD and Qualcomm The chip giant hopes to offset PC and enterprise server weakness with cloud, IoT and flash memory growth. But the strategy could create opportunities for AMD and Qualcomm. Eric Jhonsa Feb 10, 2017 5:21 PM EST New York Times and Spotify Look to Create Beautiful Music Together Subscribers to a one-year All-Access digital subscription to the newspaper also will have access to Spotify's premium music streaming service. Vicky Huang Feb 10, 2017 4:46 PM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Upgraded C-40Bs bring state-of-art comms to VPOTUS airlift Photo By Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace | 170204-F-WU507-013: A 1st Airlift Squadron C-40B sits parked as it awaits fuel at...... read more read more Photo By Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace | 170204-F-WU507-013: A 1st Airlift Squadron C-40B sits parked as it awaits fuel at Naval Air Station Rota, Spain, Feb. 4, 2017. After receiving fuel, the C-40B crew then flew the jet to Souda Bay, Greece, arriving in the early hours of Feb. 5. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace/RELEASED)  see less | View Image Page NAVAL AIR STATION SOUDA BAY, GREECE 02.08.2017 Story by Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace   89th Airlift Wing ✔ ✗ Subscribe 1 Upgraded C-40Bs bring state-of-art comms to VPOTUS airlift Senior Master Sgt. Kevin Wallace 89th Airlift Wing JOINT BASE ANDREWS, Maryland – The 89th Airlift Wing recently received a C-40B back from a lengthy depot maintenance cycle where the aircraft communication systems were completely revamped, bringing state-of-the-art comms onto the jet. The mods on Tail 10040 were tested during a four-day off-station training mission from Feb. 4-7, 2017. Imagine a scenario where the Secretary of State is flying to Europe to meet with allies about escalating tensions in the region. The situation is one that is rapidly evolving and the secretary needs to host a secure video tele-conference with allied heads of state while enroute. This is a meeting that cannot be put off and must happen immediately; the comms systems must support the VTC and can’t fail, there’s so much riding on it. Traversing the globe over an ocean at 36,000 feet and with varied weather patterns, the VTC is set up and heads of state align their strategic visions to face the evolving threat. This is they type of missions and scenarios the 89th AW faces every day and most agree the bulk of the Special Air Missions Foreign, or SAM Fox missions, revolve around comms. The C-40B is a highly modified Boeing 737. It accommodates 11 crew and up to 24 passengers. It has two communication systems operator stations, a small galley in the front of the aircraft, a DV cabin, an eight-person conference room, and first-class type seating throughout. The aircraft is designed to provide global airlift to the vice president, Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, first lady, the U.S. Central Command commander and other high-profile senior elected leaders. Every aspect of all 89th AW aircraft is to enable the reliable global airlift of America’s senior leaders, keeping them safe, comfortable, connected and protected. “The comms system was upgraded from a proprietary fiber channel distribution system to an IP based open architecture distribution system enabling centralized command and control capabilities. A Ka-based network was also added which increased bandwidth about 10-fold from previous system capability,” said Staff Sgt. John Operana, 1st Airlift Squadron CSO. “Airborne Executive Phones were also integrated to allow a single handset access to multiple classification voice connectivity.” To keep SAM Fox customers connected while traveling away from the continental United States, the 89th AW CSOs continually switch from satellite to satellite, depending on their location and signal strength. They monitor and advise the pilots of emerging weather patterns that may disrupt communications, allowing the aircraft to divert as necessary, ensuring the communications vital to national security are maintained. When one imagines a scenario when they’ve ventured too far away from an urban area and lose a cell phone signal, the thought of CSOs maintaining a Top Secret VTC in the middle of an ocean while moving at business jet speeds may seem like a minor miracle. Tech. Sgt. Barry Bonnema is a former seasoned 1st AS CSO, but he is currently stationed with L3 Technologies, a contract company, at a location away from Joint Base Andrews, where he serves as the liaison between L3 and the 89th AW. “One by one, all four of the 89th AW C-32As and both C-40Bs are coming through us for the modifications. These mods take several months to complete as the aircraft comm systems, including all the electrical harnesses, are completely upgraded and brought up to state-of-the-art systems,” said Bonnema. “While many new systems were installed, several of the legacy systems were maintained for redundancy and back-up purposes. These 89th AW aircraft have layer after layer of redundancy so if one system becomes inop, the CSO has the ability to quickly switch to another system and restore the comms.” Because of the no-fail missions the 89th AW flies, every pilot, flight attendant, flying crew chief, flight engineer and CSO are selectively hired and are all at the absolute top of their craft before they’re even considered for an assignment onboard the prestigious blue-and-white fleet. Col. Casey Eaton commands the 89th AW. He’s committed to ensuring that, from those who work on the VC-25A, commonly known by its call sign ‘Air Force One’ for when the president is on board, to the crews of the large Boeing aircraft the 1st AS flies and the sleek Gulfstream aircraft the 99th Airlift Squadron flies, every Airman has the tools they need to accomplish the no-fail mission. After that, the success of SAM Fox and indeed American diplomacy rests on the backs of the Airmen assigned. "Every single one of our Airmen is here for a reason, because they’re incredible Airmen. They don’t just move people and stuff, they give the President of the United States options," said Eaton. “Everything this wing does is woven into the fabric of America and of its history.” -30- LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.08.2017 09:56 Story ID: 222900 Location: NAVAL AIR STATION SOUDA BAY, GR Web Views: 135 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Upgraded C-40Bs bring state-of-art comms to VPOTUS airlift, by SMSgt Kevin Wallace, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS U.S. Central Command CENTCOM Air Mobility Command Air Force AMC Marines Boeing Joint Base Andrews Army 89th Airlift Wing Air Force Two 1st Airlift Squadron SAM Fox 89th Maintenance Group Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say 3 key Trump mistakes that led to the travel ban court defeat Chaffetz booed at rowdy town hall Politico Morning Transportation A daily speed read on transportation and infrastructure Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump to talk jobs, executive orders with airline execs By Brianna Gurciullo 02/08/17 10:01 AM EST With help from Lauren Gardner, Tanya Snyder and Li Zhou TRUMP TO TALK JOBS, EXECUTIVE ORDERS WITH AIRLINE EXECS: President Donald Trump will meet with airline executives Thursday to discuss “economic growth and job creation” as well as “how he’s enacting orders to make sure the country’s safe,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday during the daily press briefing. When asked whether Trump would address Open Skies issues, Spicer said: “That will be something that’ll be decided when they meet.” MT’s little birds say Trump will meet with the heads of airports as well — either in a separate meeting or at the same time as the airline executives. Story Continued Below Thoughts on NAI? Spicer was also asked whether Trump would consider revoking Norwegian Air International’s foreign air carrier permit, which the Obama DOT granted in December despite U.S. labor groups’ criticisms of the Irish subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle. Spicer pointed out that NAI is planning to hire crew members based in the United States and the airline uses planes made by Boeing. “I don’t want to get ahead of the president on that, but just to be clear I mean we are talking about U.S jobs both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who’s building those planes,” Spicer said. IT’S WEDNESDAY: Thanks for tuning in to POLITICO’s Morning Transportation, your daily tipsheet on all things trains, planes, automobiles and ports. Please send your tips, feedback and favorite transportation-related song lyrics to bgurciullo@politico.com or @brigurciullo. “Why do I have to fly, over every town up and down the line? I’ll die in the clouds above, and you that I defend, I do not love.” (h/t Justin Kaskel) Want to keep up with MT’s song picks? Follow our Spotify playlist. GIMME SOME SPACE: In response to a 2013 oil train crash in North Dakota, NTSB urged rail and hazmat regulators Tuesday to rethink how much space should separate the train crew in a locomotive from tank cars carrying flammable material like crude oil, our Lauren Gardner reports. No one died in the crash, which the board determined was caused by a broken axle on a grain train that derailed into the path of the unit train moving oil. But board members took issue with inconsistencies across the industry in how regulators determine the number of so-called buffer cars spaced between the crew and the crude. ‘A contradictory circumstance’: NTSB specifically recommended that PHMSA withdraw its interpretation of a rule that generally mandates a five-car buffer zone of containers carrying non-hazardous materials. The agency’s read is that the mandate is dependent upon train length and available cars — an interpretation NTSB staff said is essentially a carveout for unit trains of oil tank cars, which can stretch more than 100 cars long. One NTSB staffer said that sets up “a contradictory circumstance” where trains carrying vast amounts of flammable material don’t have to meet a safety standard for crew members that mixed-freight trains that may only be carrying a few of those cars do. Hit the brakes: While the board devoted part of its investigation to advanced braking systems, NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart made sure to note that electronically controlled pneumatic brakes would not have prevented the crash, given the few seconds between when the oil train crew saw the derailed grain train and when they collided. But he did call ECP brakes — the effectiveness of which the National Academy of Sciences is tasked with studying now — a technology “offering a glimpse of a safer future.” Where did the time go? NTSB members and staff acknowledged that the Casselton investigation went longer than usual, which they attributed to a number of factors. Among them: two fatal events — the WMATA smoke incident at L’Enfant Plaza and the Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia — happened while NTSB investigators were still digging into the Casselton crash. And a 2015 oil train derailment in West Virginia involving tank cars built to higher specifications than traditional DOT-111s also factored in, one staffer said, since it cast doubt on the industry argument that they were significantly safer. Congress passed tighter standards for tank cars, now dubbed DOT-117s, in December 2015. ** A message from American Airlines: Our team members need time to recover after delivering a baby and we are excited to be the first domestic airline to offer additional resources for new parents, including up to 10 weeks of paid-time off, so they have time to recover from delivery. To learn more visit: http://bit.ly/2jjPNfD ** FIRST FAA REAUTHORIZATION HEARING WILL BE FEB. 15: The House Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation will hold the first of five hearings on an FAA reauthorization bill next Wednesday, Chairman Frank LoBiondo told our Tanya Snyder. The New Jersey Republican said he's been working in the background to build support for removing air traffic control from the FAA, the holy grail for full committee Chairman Bill Shuster. But LoBiondo and Shuster still face skepticism from fellow lawmakers in both chambers. Pros can read more here. YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME: DHS Secretary John Kelly told lawmakers Tuesday that he should’ve delayed Trump’s travel ban, POLITICO’s Aidan Quigley reports. “In retrospect, I should have, and this is all on me, by the way, I should have delayed it just a bit so I could talk to members of Congress … to prepare them for what was coming,” Kelly said as he testified for the first time before the House Homeland Security Committee as the head of DHS. “The thinking was to get it out quick so that potentially people that might be coming here to harm us would not take advantage of some period of time they could jump on an airplane and get here,” Kelly added. At the same hearing, Chairman Mike McCaul referred to the ban’s rollout as “problematic.” And Kelly denied there being any chaos at airports following the rollout, POLITICO’s Ted Hesson reports. THE LATEST ON THE TRAVEL BAN: From POLITICO’s Josh Gerstein: “The Justice Department struggled to convince a federal appeals court Tuesday to allow the federal government to resume enforcement of President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban executive order. The Trump administration had hoped to persuade the appeals court to stay the entirety of a Seattle federal judge’s order blocking key parts of Trump's Jan. 27 directive blocking all refugee admissions and suspending travel to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. “However, the three 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals judges hearing the issue were skeptical enough of the government's case that Justice Department attorney August Flentje repeatedly raised a fallback option that the appeals court rein in the Seattle judge's order without lifting it altogether.” Full story here. INSIDE LATTA’S PLANS FOR SELF-DRIVING CARS: Rep. Bob Latta (R-Ohio) intends to keep a “soft touch” on government regulations of nascent tech fields including self-driving cars as the new chairman of House Energy and Commerce’s freshly renamed digital commerce and consumer protection subcommittee. “When you look at self-driving cars, it’s not government-driven,” Latta said during a conversation with reporters Tuesday. “One of the things we don’t want to see is the government sets a one-size-fits all.” And speaking of self-driving cars: The subcommittee has a hearing on the very subject scheduled for Valentine’s Day. A partial list of witnesses: Lyft’s vice president of public policy, Joseph Okpaku; GM’s vice president of global strategy, Mike Abelson; Toyota Research Institute’s CEO, Gill Pratt; and Volvo’s vice president of government affairs, Anders Kärrberg. DRONE ZONE: As federal agencies try to figure out how to manage growing drone traffic, they also have to think about whether the public or private sector will pay for that management, experts at DLA Piper told reporters Tuesday. Another looming question involves spectrum. While small operators use basic wireless connectivity from phone companies, large drone operators don’t yet have permanent access to the dedicated spectrum they need or any rules governing their use of it. And the FAA’s Drone Advisory Committee isn’t convinced spectrum is the best way to operate drones anyway — there are cellular and satellite options as well. THE AUTOBAHN: — “Takata to plead guilty February 27: court documents.” Reuters. — “Metro could temporarily lose more than $10M if District, Md., Va. miss Thursday deadline.” The Washington Post. — "California GOP asks Trump to halt high-speed rail grants." The Hill. — “German automakers step up to Silicon Valley challenge.” The New York Times. — “Side underride crashes kill 200 people a year. Will Congress act?” NBC News. — “Trump advisers' tax credit plan for infrastructure has risks.” The Associated Press. — “Volkswagen forms U.S. unit for zero-emission vehicles.” The Wall Street Journal. — “Why does it seem like airline computers are crashing more?” Bloomberg. THE COUNTDOWN: DOT appropriations run out in 79 days. The FAA reauthorization expires in 234 days. Highway and transit policy is up for renewal in 1,331 days. ** A message from American Airlines: We strive to create a culture that empowers our more than 100,000 team members to seek work-life balance as they juggle work and family responsibilities. We know our team members need time to recover after having a baby, and that families who are adopting sometimes need financial assistance. To support our team members as they grow their families, we are excited to be the first airline to offer up to 10 weeks of paid time off for eligible U.S.-based employees recovering from pregnancy and delivery, and up to $4,000 in expense reimbursement for adoptions. We encourage our team members to use leave options for new parents to bond with their new family member. Learn more about what American Airlines’ is doing to put our employees, consumers and communities first: http://bit.ly/2jjPNfD ** « View Archives Authors: Brianna Gurciullo bgurciullo@politico.com @brigurciullo About The Author Brianna Gurciullo is a transportation reporter for POLITICO Pro and the writer of Morning Transportation. Before joining the transportation team, she was an intern at POLITICO, working with POLITICO Influence, breaking news and POLITICO Magazine. Brianna previously interned with Hearst, the Center for Responsive Politics and The Chicago Tribune. She was also a 2015 fellow for investigative reporting initiative News21. An alumna of the George Washington University, Brianna served as editor in chief of The GW Hatchet. Most Read Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump has some awkward exchanges with the Japanese prime minister Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say Discrepancy in NYT editions prompts Trump rebuke Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? Trump team plans a new executive order Morning Transportation - POLITICO Archive Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 Wednesday, 2/8/17 Tuesday, 2/7/17 Monday, 2/6/17 View the Full Morning Transportation Archives » Politico Magazine Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? By Richard Primus What Happens When White House Aides Get Too Famous? By Jeff Greenfield Time to Put Rupert Murdoch on Notice By Jack Shafer The Dangerous Link Between Syria and Ukraine By Eerik-Niiles Kross and Molly K. McKew More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Executive Mosaic GovCon Wire ExecutiveBiz GovCon Executive GovCon Exec Magazine POC Executive Gov Latest News Acquisition & Procurement Civilian Agencies Defense & National Security Technology Health IT Profiles About Us Contact Us Home / Defense & National Security / Australian F-35, EA-18G Jets to Debut in March Australian F-35, EA-18G Jets to Debut in March Ramona Adams February 8, 2017 Defense & National Security, Latest News 189 Views Australia’s defense ministry will showcase a pair of Lockheed Martin-built F-35A fighter jets at the Australian International Airshow on March 3. The airshow will mark the Australian debut of F-35 planes in conjunction with the country’s first Boeing-built EA-18G Growler electronic warfare aircraft, Australia’s air force said Tuesday. “The F-35A will bring significant opportunities to Australian industry, with already over $800 million in local design and production work, which is expected to grow significantly as the program matures and production increases,” said Australian Defense Minister Christopher Payne. Payne added EA-18G will introduce a dedicated electronic attack function to the Australian military. Lockheed and the U.S. Air Force‘s training command will manage the deployment of Australia’s F-35s from Luke Air Force Base in Arizona. The fighter jets will return to the U.S. to facilitate training of Australian pilots. Australia intends to procure 72 F-35As to replace the country’s fleet of FA-18A/B Hornets and expects the new aircraft fleet to enter service by late 2018. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags australia Australian International Airshow Boeing Christopher Payne EA-18G Growler F-35 Joint Strike Fighter F-35A FA-18A/B Hornet featured govcon lockheed Lockheed Martin Luke AFB Luke Air Force Base Related Articles Lawmakers Ask House Committee to Investigate Trump Administration’s Cyber Practices February 10, 2017 Rep. Tom Price Confirmed as HHS Secretary February 10, 2017 Reuters: DHS Report Pegs US-Mexico Border Wall Cost at $22B February 10, 2017 Check Also Army Seeks Cyber Strategic Force Integration in Tactical Missions The U.S. Army has performed experiments as part of a pilot program that seeks to utilize … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Newsletter Sponsor Sponsor Recent Posts Lawmakers Ask House Committee to Investigate Trump Administration’s Cyber Practices Rep. Tom Price Confirmed as HHS Secretary Reuters: DHS Report Pegs US-Mexico Border Wall Cost at $22B Army Seeks Cyber Strategic Force Integration in Tactical Missions Navy Tests Updated Helmet Mounted Display Tech for F-35C Pilots Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 GovConWire CACI Receives $50.5M Army Contract Modification for Personnel & Pay System Support Chuck Hicks Promoted to EVP for Strategic Growth at SC3 DoD, Lockheed Finalize $8.5B Deal for 90 Lot 10 F-35 Jets HPE, CSC Name Board Members for Post-Merger IT Services Company South Korea’s Potential $140M Buy of Raytheon-Built Missiles Gets State Dept Clearance ACT I Names Former Alion Directorate Support Manager as Program Mgmt EVP; Michael Niggel Comments Deloitte Names Former OMB Controller Dave Mader as Federal Civilian Sector Chief Strategy Officer General Atomics Receives $533M Navy Contract Modification for Work on Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System Harris Agrees on Potential $690M Sale of Gov’t IT Services Business to Veritas Capital General Dynamics Subsidiary to Provide Military Aircraft Logistics Support Under $116M Award Sponsor About ExecutiveGov ExecutiveGov, published by Executive Mosaic, is a site dedicated to the news and headlines in the federal government. ExecutiveGov serves as a news source for the hot topics and issues facing federal government departments and agencies such as Gov 2.0, cybersecurity policy, health IT, green IT and national security. We also aim to spotlight various federal government employees and interview key government executives whose impact resonates beyond their agency. ExecutiveBiz CACI Receives $50.5M Army Contract Modification for Personnel & Pay System Support Chuck Hicks Promoted to EVP for Strategic Growth at SC3 DoD, Lockheed Finalize $8.5B Deal for 90 Lot 10 F-35 Jets HPE, CSC Name Board Members for Post-Merger IT Services Company South Korea’s Potential $140M Buy of Raytheon-Built Missiles Gets State Dept Clearance ACT I Names Former Alion Directorate Support Manager as Program Mgmt EVP; Michael Niggel Comments @Follow Me .@ch2m to design New York City flood mitigation system for coastal resiliency, waterfront access #GovCon https://t.co/gYQaLiIBTc1 hour ago .@MRIGlobal_News to evaluate tech, specimen processes for @NIH tuberculosis research initiatives #GovCon https://t.co/QQtTwqCRZM1 hour ago .@USArmy taps #Systematic for delivery of C4I software #GovCon #Url#2 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Travel Truths Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Travel Truths How do zero gravity planes work? And how much do cats enjoy it? It's possible to book yourself on to a zero gravity flight Soo Kim, Travel writer 8 February 2017 • 2:38pm A spell of remarkably likeable characters involved in space travel - notably Major Tim Peake (Britain’s first official astronaut) and Commander Chris Hadfield (the first Canadian astronaut to walk in space), has fed a growing appetite for all things space, including zero gravity aircraft. But what does it mean to experience complete weightlessness and how is it possible? Here we unpack the history and mysteries of zero gravity flights. What is zero gravity? Zero gravity is a condition of weightlessness referring to the absence of a gravitational force (g-force or Gs) - a measurement of the acceleration due to gravity that causes weight. A body in a “zero gravity” (or “microgravity” - a state of near weightlessness) environment is acted upon only by gravity, with no reactionary forces exerted by its surrounding matter, the person therefore enters a state of freefall where all objects in that given space are falling at the same rate. Professor Stephen Hawking on a board a reduced-gravity aircraft in 2007 Credit: Wikimedia Commons Passengers on a zero gravity flight (and astronauts on a spacecraft) appear to be floating around inside the plane but they are in fact falling at the same rate as the aircraft. What happens on a zero gravity flight? A zero gravity flight follows a parabolic flight path, which involves three stages. The first part of the trajectory sees the plane - which is specially customised, and boasts a padded interior to avoid injury - reach an altitude of 24,000 feet, at which point the nose of the plane is lifted upward to an angle of about 45 degrees until the plane reaches around 32,000 feet. The flight trajectory for a typical zero gravity flight maneuver Credit: NASA At this point, the nose of the plane is lowered to a level position during which passengers experience a sense of weightlessness for the next 20-30 seconds. After these few seconds, the nose of the plane is tilted back downward 45 degrees to complete the third and final stage, before it levels off to a normal altitude. Passengers experience a pull of nearly twice that of gravity (1.8 Gs) during the downward trajectory, at the bottom of the path, as well as the upward climb of the flight, which takes around 65 seconds to complete. At a glance | Life in a world of weightlessness As well as the experience of floating, passengers will experience nausea due to motion sickness during the journey - which prompted such flights' nickname of the “vomit comet”. During NASA’s former Reduced Gravity Programmme, one third of the participants were said to have become “violently ill, the next third moderately ill, and the final third not at all," according to John Yaniec, the former director of the programme.   The main cause of the air sickness is anxiety, according to Yaniec, who said being in a state of zero gravity “is out of the ordinary” and “it’s a bit of the fear of the unknown too”. How long have zero gravity flights been around? The first zero gravity flights were proposed in 1949 by German physicist Heinz Haber and his brother Fritz Haber, a German aerospace engineer - both of whom had been brought to work for the US government as part of the Cold War-driven Operation Paperclip after the Second World War. They proposed that the flights could be used in experiments to simulate weightlessness. Since then, NASA has operated zero gravity flights on different aircraft, including one of its last zero gravity aircraft - KC-135A - for many years from around 1959, when it began its Reduced Gravity Research Programme to train astronauts. Astronauts on board the C-131 Samaritan zero gravity aircraft as part of NASA's Project Mercury in 1959, the first human spaceflight programme launched in the US Credit: NASA In Europe, the European Space Agency and France’s Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales have operated reduced-gravity flight missions on different aircraft since 1984 (including on a NASA aircraft, an Airbus 300 and Airbus 310) from Bordeaux-Mérignac airport in France and Dübendorf Air Base in Switzerland. The first zero gravity flight for paying passengers in France took place in March 2015 on an Airbus A330 and cost €6,000 (£4,785). The first such flights in the US took place in 2004, courtesy of the Zero Gravity Corporation, and operated on a Boeing 727s. Since 2015, NASA has been using the company's G-Force One plane - a modified Boeing 727-200 aircraft - for training and research purposes. America’s Zero Gravity Research Facility in Brook Park, Ohio, has been running since 1966. It is the country’s main base for microgravity research and the world’s largest facility of its kind. The centre is used to develop and test equipment designed for flights on board the Space Shuttle and International Space Station (ISS). Watch | Jaw-dropping 'zero gravity' vertical take-off caught on camera 01:17 The Guinness World Record for the youngest human to fly on a microgravity flight was set in 2008 on a plane operated by the Ecuadorian Air Force and Ecuadorian Civilian Space Agency carrying a seven-year-old boy. It was also the first zero gravity flight to launch in Latin America. How are zero gravity flights used today? Zero gravity aircraft are used for astronaut training, expensive leisure pursuits and weightlessness experiments by NASA but have also been used in the entertainment industry to shoot scenes requiring weightlessness, such as in the film Apollo 13. American rock band OK Go also shot a music video for their song 'Upside Down & Inside Out' in a zero gravity environment on board the Il-76 MDK jet as part of a campaign for Russia’s S7 Airlines. While most zero gravity research is conducted on humans, there have also been some experiments looking at the effects of weightlessness on animals including cats (see video below) and pigeons. Increasingly, members of the public are also keen to experience weightlessness.   The Zero Gravity Corporation (gozerog.com) offers such flights on its G-Force One plane from the Orlando Sanford International Airport and Fort Lauderdale International Airport in Florida, as well as from McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and the Oakland International Airport in Oakland, California. Flights are also offered in New York and Los Angeles, as well as in Austin and Houston in Texas. Each flight (priced at $4,950 - £3,950 ) consists of 15 parabolic paths, and therefore said to offer relatively low levels of motion sickness, while those used in astronaut training typically entail 40-60 parabolic manoeuvres. The G-Force One aircraft can also offer the experience of lunar gravity (the gravitational force of the Moon where you’ll weigh around a sixth of your weight on Earth) or Martian gravity (the level of gravity on Mars where your weight is around a third of that on Earth) by flying a larger arc at the top of the parabolic path. Richard Branson, pictured centre, on board a zero gravity aircraft of the Zero Gravity Corporation Credit: Virgin Chartered zero gravity flights can also be arranged with the Zero Gravity Corporation so long as the location requested can accommodate a Boeing 727-200 aircraft. Last February, Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic venture unveiled its new passenger spacecraft, marking his return to a race among rival billionaire entrepreneurs to develop a vehicle that can take thrill-seekers, researchers and commercial customers on short hops into space. The two-pilot, six-passenger spaceship is designed to reach altitudes of 62 miles above the planet, providing a few minutes of weightlessness and a view out the window of Earth set against the blackness of space. Nearly 700 people have signed up for rides, which cost $250,000 (£199,700) each. secrets of air travel Follow the latest Telegraph Travel news Read more 09 Feb 2017, 9:47am What to do when the pilot dies: The idiot's guide to landing a plane 03 Feb 2017, 12:20pm What it’s really like to travel as a blind person 01 Feb 2017, 11:19am What happens when you flush the loo on a cruise ship? 30 Jan 2017, 3:19pm How does Wi-Fi work at 35,000 feet and why don't all airlines offer it? 29 Jan 2017, 5:00am How to survive on a desert island (by a former Royal Navy lieutenant commander) Travel latest 11 Feb 2017, 8:00am Why you should go to Colombia now - before it's too late Gallery 11 Feb 2017, 6:00am Gallery: The 50 most romantic hotels in Europe 10 Feb 2017, 6:00pm Exclusive deals to The Telegraph's favourite hotels 10 Feb 2017, 5:23pm The definitive guide to tackling the Hermitage 10 Feb 2017, 4:53pm Why London is the perfect city for families 10 Feb 2017, 4:45pm TV programmes to give you wanderlust this week 10 Feb 2017, 4:43pm Meet the cruise ship worker giving Poldark a run for his money 10 Feb 2017, 4:32pm The advice I wish I'd been given before going on my gap year 10 Feb 2017, 4:26pm 'I avoided shaking hands with the AK47-toting gunman': strange tales on the road to Samarkand 10 Feb 2017, 3:41pm The best dog-friendly hotels in Norfolk 10 Feb 2017, 2:32pm Top 10: the best luxury hotels in Macau Gallery 10 Feb 2017, 2:22pm Gallery: 15 things you didn't know about Britain's greatest attractions 10 Feb 2017, 2:15pm Britain's top dry ski slopes and indoor snow centres 10 Feb 2017, 1:00pm America's 20 best national parks 10 Feb 2017, 12:30pm The 10 easiest ways to save money on a peak season holiday 10 Feb 2017, 12:26pm Half-term skiers rejoice as Alps wallow in snow 10 Feb 2017, 12:07pm How will the Pope respond to Ryanair's flight invite? 10 Feb 2017, 11:41am Who needs the Inca Trail? Five alternative hikes in the Peruvian Andes 10 Feb 2017, 11:00am 10 incredible journeys to the soul of a country 10 Feb 2017, 11:00am Ski reviews: intermediate all-mountain skis 10 Feb 2017, 10:15am The perfect date in Prague - and why it's Europe's best city for romance 10 Feb 2017, 10:00am Is this the world's most life-affirming destination? If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback Shanghaiist is a website about Shanghai View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC China's first homemade passenger plane will take its maiden flight later this year by Alex Linder in News on Feb 8, 2017 10:20 pm Keep your eyes to the skies because the very first large commercial passenger airliner designed and built by China is set to make its maiden flight in the first half of this year. The C919, manufactured by the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was unveiled to much fanfare in November 2015, casting itself as China's answer to Boeing and Airbus. However, since then, precious little has been heard of the single-aisle, 168-seat aircraft which was supposed to make its first flight in 2016. But delays are nothing particularly new for the C919. The project was initiated back in 2006 with over 200 companies and 36 universities nationwide lending a hand to contribute to the extensive research and development that went into designing the plane. Earlier this week, Chinese state media announced that the finishing touches (and on-board system) had finally been put on the plane and tests confirmed that it was "strong enough to support future navigation." COMAC told the media last year that it had already received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 customers. Of course, these included orders from government-run companies like Air China, China Southern and China Eastern Airlines. The hope is that someday the aircraft can become internationally competitive with the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320. Back in 2015, Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker told CNBC that he would have "no hesitation at all in buying Chinese airplanes," as long as they were made to the standard that he wanted. "There is nothing wrong with buying Chinese. You use an iPhone, which is made in China. Designed by somebody else, but made in China. I think it would be good for this (Boeing/Airbus) monopoly to be broken," he added. Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Contact the author of this article or email tips@shanghaiist.com with further questions, comments or tips. 2017 Airbus aviation Boeing C919 comac first flight maiden flight plane planes Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of shanghaiist [👲CNY] 9 things to do in Shanghai over the Chinese New Year break! 春节在魔都可以做的9件事 🎆 8 things to do to ring in 2017! 🎅 The 8 best food-coma worthy restaurants this Christmas 🎄 The 6 hottest Christmas deals not to be missed in 2016! [⛄ CAMP] Looking for camps for your kids this winter? Look no further!   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Ryanair CEO says would be happy to buy Airbus at right price Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 8:12am EST Ryanair CEO says would be happy to buy Airbus at right price BRUSSELS Feb 8 Ryanair would be happy to buy jets from Airbus, breaking with its all-Boeing fleet, but only if the price were right, chief executive Michael O'Leary said on Wednesday. "We would be very happy to buy and fly Airbus. They're equally good aircraft. The main reason for our purchase decisions is which can we get cheaper," he said on the sidelines of an aviation conference in Brussels. Ryanair is one of Boeing's bigger customers and O'Leary said the U.S. manufacturer was still better on pricing at the moment. (Reporting by Julia Fioretti; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Arno Schuetze) Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Snow, avalanches, rain delay grain movement to U.S. ports * Graphic on cargoes http://reut.rs/2lAFOF1 (Updates to add graphic) UPDATE 4-UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT Feb 10 The United Automobile Workers union on Friday said it had been approached by workers at Tesla Inc's Fremont, California, assembly plant, rejecting a charge by the chief executive of the luxury electric car maker that a worker who publicly criticized the company was on the UAW payroll. Bank of Canada's blockchain tests spotlight challenges TORONTO, Feb 10 The Bank of Canada's early experiment on a blockchain-based payment system highlights challenges such as cost-efficiency and data privacy, according to an article by a senior bank official published on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News & Features Voices Resources Find A... Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn More Luxury Cruise Search xCruises By RegionAfrica/ Middle EastAlaskaAsiaAustralia/ South PacificCaribbeanEuropeMediterraneanMexicoUnited States/ CanadaTrans-Oceanic & WorldAll cruise destinations ALL CRUISESMost Popular Cruise LinesAvalon WaterwaysCarnival Cruise LineCosta Cruise LinesHolland America LineMSC CruisesNorwegian Cruise LinePrincess CruisesRoyal Caribbean InternationalUniworld Boutique River Cruise CollectionViking River CruisesAll cruise lines Hotel Search xHotels by RegionAfricaAsiaAustralia & South PacificCanadaCaribbeanEuropeLatin AmericaMexicoMiddle EastUnited StatesAirports ALL HOTELSTop Hotel CitiesBangkok, ThailandBarcelona, SpainBeijing, ChinaBerlin, GermanyBuenos Aires, ArgentinaChicago, IllinoisDelhi, IndiaDubai, United Arab EmiratesFlorence, ItalyFrankfurt, GermanyHouston, TexasAll cities eNewsletters Sign in Register The Travel Industry's Trusted Voice News & Features Voices Resources Find A... Aviation White House spokesman hints that Trump won't revoke Norwegian Air permit By Robert Silk / February 07, 2017 Share 1 -- White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday suggested that the Trump administration looks favorably on the foreign air carrier permit that the Obama administration granted to Norwegian Air's Ireland-based subsidiary in December. "There is a huge economic benefit that lies in that deal right now," Spicer said, referring to Norwegian's plan to purchase more than 100 Boeing aircraft and noting that Norwegian has committed to hiring U.S. workers. His comments came at the White House daily press briefing Tuesday in response to a question from Newsmax reporter John Gizzi ahead of a Thursday meeting between Trump and U.S. airline executives. Spicer said that the subject matter of the meeting has not yet been determined. His comments about Ireland-based Norwegian Air International are likely to get the attention of both the discount transatlantic carrier and Norwegian's opponents -- Delta, American, United and U.S. airline labor unions. The opponents have pressed their lobbying efforts in recent weeks in hopes that the Trump administration would reverse the Norwegian Air International approval. Parent Norwegian Air Group already flies cheap transatlantic flights to the U.S. through a Norway-based entity. The Big 3 airlines accuse the company of setting up the Irish entity in order to take advantage of that country's labor laws, which are laxer than those of Norway. Norwegian, however, says that it sought the permit to ease network planning. Ireland, unlike Norway, is a member of the EU. As a result, says Norwegian, flights scheduled under the permit can more easily take advantage of EU trade agreements than those scheduled under its Norway-based air certificate. Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Aviation Articles KLM testing facial recognition for boarding at Amsterdam Schiphol The three-month trial allows passengers to pass through a specific gate at the airport without showing... AirAsia X to launch U.S. service in June Survey: 62% oppose privatizing air traffic control A new look for Air Canada Trump vows to cut aviation taxes and regulations The president says an announcement about airline taxes and developing aviation infrastructure is... Trump huddles with airline executives at the White House The president told them that he believes the FAA should be headed by a pilot.... More from Aviation Subscribe To Our Free eNewsletters Africa Alaska Caribbean Cruise Daily Bulletin Europe Fams Florida Hawaii Home Based Las Vegas Luxury Mexico River Cruise Travel Weekly China Bulletin Click Here for our Terms and Privacy Policy Today's Top Stories KLM testing facial recognition for boarding at Amsterdam Schiphol Private accommodations revenue nearly quarter of U.S. hotel market AirAsia X to launch U.S. service in June Palace Resorts partners with Certified Angus BeefMore Top Stories Most Read Most Shared Apple Leisure Group reassures travelers anxious about Mexico Grand Hyatt prepares to make long-delayed Baha Mar a reality Despite its size, MSC Seaside's design connects guests with the ocean Safety is relative: Visiting the Philippines Brand Trump and brand USA Travel ban lifted, but welcome mat is frayed NYC tourism trying to minimize damage from Trump ban Apple Leisure Group reassures travelers anxious about Mexico Travel is 'perfect' for marketing with virtual reality Safety is relative: Visiting the Philippines The Renaissance of St. Petersburg Fairmont will take over Los Angeles' iconic Century Plaza Robots the talk of tech innovations at hospitality summit Resurrection: A new life for JFK airport landmark From Our Partners Crystal® - Reinventing Travel In A Class by ItselfFebruary 21, 2017 2pm eastern Join Carmen Roig, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Sales, and special guest speakers for an...Register Now Discover The Palm BeachesFebruary 22, 2017 2pm eastern Join your host, Eda Ruddock as she discusses the countless ways your clients can Discover The Palm...Register Now Royalton Luxury Resorts for Travel Agents From exclusive luxury at Royalton Luxury Resorts to an adults-only enclave at Hideaway at...READ MORE Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ More Information Travel Weekly Select Link HomeNews by TopicCruise SearchHotel SearchJob SearchAbout UsContact UsAdvertiseUpload Print Ad MaterialsHotel Search QuestionsCruise Search QuestionsSubscribe to PrintSubscribe to eNewslettersTermsPrivacy PolicyPurchase ReprintsComment GuidelinesSitemap Home News by Topic Cruise Search Hotel Search Job Search About Us Contact Us Advertise Upload Print Ad Materials Hotel Search Questions Cruise Search Questions Subscribe to Print Subscribe to eNewsletters Terms Privacy Policy Purchase Reprints Comment Guidelines Sitemap Northstar Travel Group Select Link Travel Weekly AsiaTravel Weekly ChinaTravelAge Westtravel42Star Service OnlineMeetings & ConventionsMeeting NewsSuccessful MeetingsIncentiveMeeting NewsBusiness Travel NewsTravel ProcurementThe BeatPhocuswrightWeb In Travel Retail TravelTravel Weekly AsiaTravel Weekly ChinaTravelAge Westtravel42Star Service Online Meetings & IncentiveMeetings & ConventionsMeeting NewsSuccessful MeetingsIncentiveMeeting News Business TravelBusiness Travel NewsTravel ProcurementThe Beat ResearchPhocuswrightWeb In Travel Copyright © 2017 Northstar Travel Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 100 Lighting Way Secaucus, NJ 07094-3626 USA Telephone: (201) 902-2000 2c92a0fc57d0a92c0157da3fc34b2244 News & Features Voices Resources Find A... Back News & Features Industry News Aviation Corporate Travel Cruise Government Affairs Ground Transportation Hotels Luxury Retail River Cruise Tours Travel Technology Destinations Africa / Middle East Asia / Pacific Caribbean Central / South America Europe Hawaii Mexico USA / Canada Back Voices Opinion Columnists Forum & Letters Insight In the Hot Seat Blogs Dispatch Masters Series Back Resources Webinars Fam Trips Travel Deals Partner Content Agent Training Guides & Brochures Thought Leadership Live Events Global Travel Marketplace CruiseWorld Awards Magellan Readers Choice Research Reports Consumer Trends Power List Travel Industry Survey Photos & Videos Preview Back Find A... Cruise Hotel Job
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Science Spacebound With new airlock, International Space Station widens door for commerce NanoRacks gained an advantage in the 'CubeSat' market by developing new hardware that might have a home on future spacecraft. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Inhabit Should pollinating drones take over for honeybees? Trump's One China policy ‘reset’: new realism or tactical retreat? On Iran's revolution day, a message sent with bigger crowds, fewer anti-US taunts The new ISIS threat: its soldiers are going home Cover Story America's new ministers Popular Now Inhabit Should pollinating drones take over for honeybees? Trump's One China policy ‘reset’: new realism or tactical retreat? On Iran's revolution day, a message sent with bigger crowds, fewer anti-US taunts First Look Close brush between US, Chinese planes in South China Sea 'unsafe,' says Navy First Look Ancient landslide took a 'massive bite' out of Australia, say scientists Photos of the day 02/10 SUBSCRIBE This photo provided by NASA TV shows a Japanese cargo ship before it arrives with Christmas gifts to the International Space Station on Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016. NASA TV/AP | Caption Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly February 8, 2017 —For Jeff Manber, a new era in spaceflight won’t be signaled with a high-decibel rocket launch, but by the silent opening of airlock doors. Mr. Manber serves as chief executive officer of NanoRacks, which on Monday announced plans to install a $15 million commercial airlock model on the International Space Station (ISS) in 2019. The Texas-based aerospace company has already deployed almost 150 small satellites, known as “CubeSats,” from the airlock of the station’s Kibo module. By working with Boeing Co. to build the new airlock, it aims to triple its deployment capability. This addition will expand private firms’ presence in low-Earth orbit, which NASA hopes will allow it to focus on exploring the solar system. But the CubeSats have already encouraged the shift to commercial spaceflight. “Up until recently, we had what I always called a Socialist-designed space program,” Mr. Manber tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interview. “We had a group of people sitting in a room, telling you what the purpose of the hardware was for, and they would help design it. Now we have a much more commercial [program].” Infographic Space Race, The Sequel: Who is exploring the cosmos today? “It is fair to say,” he adds, “that the [International Space Station’s] first commercial success has been meeting the needs of governments and companies and universities to deploy satellites.” CubeSats were first developed in 1999, a year after the first ISS modules were launched. Since then, 510 of these satellites have taken flight. Today’s satellites aren’t just smaller, but cheaper. According to the Motley Fool, prices for CubeSats and other small satellites have dropped from $3 million to as little as $25,000.  Now, the race is on to reduce the cost of getting into orbit. A rocket currently in development by Vector Space Systems will carry a payload into orbit for $1.5 million to $2.5 million. But NanoRacks will see your 10- x 10- x 10-centimeter CubeSat off from the ISS for just $85,000, the company’s marketing and communications manager, Abby Dickes, tells the Monitor in an email. Few saw the rise of this market. “For years and years,” Mr. Manber remembers, “we all thought, in the space community, that the first big commercial use of an orbiting space station would be breakthroughs in life-saving drugs.... However, in the mysterious way that the commercial marketplace works, the first big commercial hit, the first big legitimate demand for an orbiting space station has turned out to be deploying satellites.” Manber emphasized that NanoRacks also does considerable business for biopharma companies who use the company’s products to run zero-gravity experiments within the ISS. Robyn Gatens, deputy director of NASA’s International Space Station division, tells the Monitor that “there is great interest in both” internal experiments and satellite deployments. But the development of small, inexpensive satellites could prove more significant for commercial spaceflight, because it’s spurring private companies to develop hardware that can be used on future spacecraft. “When the station was built,” Manber says, “the Japanese put up a small satellite deployer that could deploy a couple of satellites every so often. We saw that, and we recognized there's a market need to have a bigger deployer to take care of organizations and companies.” The first NanoRacks customer’s satellite deployed from Japan’s Kibo module in 2012. As the company builds a dedicated airlock for this purpose, Manber is already thinking about its longer-term significance. “That airlock can be taken off and put on a [different] platform,” he says. “I see a future very soon, within the decade, where we have a couple of space stations” in orbit. This vision lines up with one laid out by NASA associate administrator William Gerstenmaier in 2015, in which the ISS, following its expected retirement in the late 2020s, will be replaced by several “single-purpose, small and entrepreneurial” stations. Private rocket operators like SpaceX will also be a part of this future, as may technology used in the public-private Bigelow Expandable Activity Module added to the ISS last year. But the new airlock, built entirely with private funds, marks a major step toward a privatized orbital sector. But even if NanoRacks helped usher in this new era, it may need to adapt its business model. It’s not clear whether one of its key operations – deploying “constellations” of small satellites for Earth-imaging or testing the components of larger satellites – will always provide a reliable source of income. Manber says that Earth-imaging companies “like the low orbit” provided by the ISS. But Jonathan McDowell, an astrophysicist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, points out that one of these firms, Planet, recently shifted from space-station deployment to regular rockets, which can bring satellites into higher orbits than the ISS’s 400 kilometers, about 249 miles. Some firms, he explains, would prefer to place their operational satellites at 500 to 600 kilometers, where they’ll last longer before re-entering the atmosphere. “They'll still use the space station for when they want to test something out,” Dr. McDowell tells the Monitor,” but the bulk of their business is going away from the space station. And I wonder if that's going to be true for a lot of other companies in the long run, that the space station orbit is just going to be too low for the operational constellations, where the bulk of the business is going to be in five years.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × But on the whole, he sees the new airlock as a logical next step for aerospace firms. “All we need to do is get this thing up in the trunk of a Dragon, slap it on the spare port, and then getting the cargos up there, the satellites up there, is a proven path. So I think it's a pretty clear business case for them.” Manber, not surprisingly, agrees. "Every signal is that we're entering a new chapter of extraordinarily robust commercial [activity] in space, and this is what this airlock is all about.” What'd we miss? What'd we miss? We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Infographic Space Race, The Sequel: Who is exploring the cosmos today? Was our moon formed when a bunch of moonlets all smashed together? By Eva Botkin-Kowacki First Look Japanese attempt to unleash 2,300-foot whip on 'space junk' fails By Amanda Hoover Photos of the Day Photos of the day 02/10 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe AT&T Woos Washington Over Time Warner Deal, Schmoozes Trump by Todd Shields @TShields3 More stories by Todd Shields February 8, 2017, 5:00 AM EST February 8, 2017, 11:41 AM EST Avocado tartare, cool lights and pulsing music at party AT&T pursuing $85 billion deal that Trump called ‘too much’ AT&T CEO: Confidence 'Fairly High' on Time Warner Deal AT&T Inc. would normally expect good things when a Republican administration arrives in Washington, where the company needs permission to buy Time Warner Inc. -- except the new president has already lambasted the deal. So the search goes on for friends in high places. At an evening reception near the U.S. Capitol, AT&T bathed lobbyists, lawyers, executives and lawmakers in cool blue light. To pulsing music in new studio space, party-goers sipped drinks, nibbled avocado tartare with melon carpaccio, and posed with a blonde in a slinky white gown who was promoting "Ice," a drama available on AT&T’s DirecTV. The event, which AT&T called a "Stars & Stripes Reception," showcased the company’s transformation from a telephone company to a media powerhouse with $164 billion in revenue. The descendant of the stodgy Ma Bell monopoly badly wants to accelerate its metamorphosis with one of its biggest deals ever, an $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner, owner of HBO, CNN and the "Harry Potter” movies. Just one problem: As a candidate, President Donald Trump cited the deal as "an example of the power structure I’m fighting." Since taking office, he’s said to have privately told people he still opposes it. Publicly he excoriates CNN for its coverage of him, and brags that he never watches. Trump will appoint officials who will vet the deal at the Justice Department. Still, AT&T presses ahead. Even Trump Might Not Be Able to Stop This Merger: QuickTake Q&A It’s mobilized its army of roughly 100 lobbyists, one of the biggest and savviest corps in Washington where it has spent more than $213 million making its case since 1998, according to data compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics, a Washington-based group that tracks money in politics. The company spent $16.4 million lobbying in 2016, second only to Boeing Co. among U.S. companies, according to the center. Time Warner spent $2.9 million on lobbying over the same period. Then there is the avocado tartare. “All of this outreach, all of this cultivation, is ensuring you have allies,” said Meredith McGehee, strategic adviser to the Campaign Legal Center, explaining how lobbying powerhouses like AT&T get their way in Washington. “You get to know people. You invite them. You do the receptions.” Six days before the party, Chief Executive Officer Randall Stephenson and AT&T’s top Washington executive, Bob Quinn, participated in one of the most coveted receptions of all. They dropped in on Trump at his New York tower. But the deal didn’t come up, the company insists. Instead they steered the conversation to something they knew their host wanted to hear about: the jobs the company provides. The theme was the same on inauguration day. “We employ more than 250,000 people,” the company said in a full-page ad in the Washington Post on Jan. 20. “As we testified recently before Congress, the merger will create more competition for cable TV providers, giving consumers more options and accelerating next generation wireless broadband," said Michael Balmoris, a spokesman for the Dallas-based AT&T. Mobile HBO The soft-shoe approach comes with high stakes. Acquiring Time Warner’s content would allow AT&T to move away from dependence on slow wireless subscriber growth. It would allow it to ride a surge in demand Stephenson is sure is coming for mobile video. So far Wall Street isn’t sure he’ll succeed: traders still are paying less for Time Warner shares than AT&T promises, even though the price has risen since the deal was announced Oct. 22. Stephenson, the CEO, said he’s confident the deal will go through because it joins companies in different businesses and leaves market shares the same in telecommunications. In Washington, AT&T isn’t just ingratiating itself with the president whose appointees will decide if the deal lives or dies. It is building good will among lawmakers on Capitol Hill, constructing an insurance policy that may help prove Wall Street’s bears wrong. "You start to cultivate champions on the Hill, so if an antitrust action comes about you can turn to those champions and say, ‘Hey I need you to push back. I need you to write letters,’" said McGehee, of the Campaign Legal Center. Republican Tilt The company’s organized giving has tilted toward Republicans, the traditional party of business interests. In the recent U.S. elections, Republican candidates got 62 percent of $2.7 million in donations to federal candidates from AT&T’s political action committee that pools contributions from employees, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. In the company’s lobbyist corps, Republicans outnumber Democrats roughly two-to-one among those whose partisan background could be determined, according to a Bloomberg analysis of Senate records. Firepower hasn’t always brought success for AT&T under Democratic regulation from 2009 to this January. Officials forced AT&T to abandon a $39 billion bid for smaller T-Mobile US Inc. in 2011. The FCC in 2015 proposed a $100 million fine over data speeds for wireless customers, another agency levied a $105 million penalty for faulty billing, and AT&T couldn’t stave off limits on how it uses subscribers’ data. AT&T won permission to buy satellite TV company DirecTV in 2015 after promising broadband to more homes and businesses. ‘Drain the Swamp’ Even with a change to Republicans, it’s not clear all the lobbying and contributions will help with the unconventional administration of Trump, who won the White House with a populist message and a promise his personal wealth would mean he wouldn’t be beholden to lobbyists and special interests. Trump as a candidate said his administration would block the Time Warner deal because it made for “too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” The deal review is to be performed by antitrust regulators at the Justice Department, who concentrate upon competition. Telecommunications deals traditionally face a parallel review by the Federal Communications Commission, which can be tougher. But AT&T and Time Warner have said they can avoid that by not transferring any of the airwaves licenses that the FCC oversees. Time Warner Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Bewkes on Wednesday told investors the company is “confident the deal will be approved later this year.” Share Programming? It’s possible Justice Department antitrust officials will find the combined company has significant market power to favor its own products, said Gene Kimmelman, a former antitrust official in a Democratic Justice Department. One way to resolve that is to require behavioral remedies -- such as a requirement to share programming with rivals. “But the real question is, does the Justice Department even want to apply those conditions?" Kimmelman said. If not, regulators would have a choice to approve a deal they see as harmful, or simply ask a judge to block it. AT&T’s Stephenson has said the company would fight the Justice Department in court if necessary. “You may find an environment in which it’s an up or down, all or nothing, antitrust review,” Kimmelman said. That’s where a relationship with Trump can pay off. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Trump’s nominee for attorney general, Senator Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican, has said he’ll keep politics out of merger reviews. The administration hasn’t announced its choice for assistant attorney general for antitrust, a post that also needs Senate confirmation. The Trump team is said to be considering Joshua Wright, a law professor who promotes a laissez-fare approach to antitrust enforcement. "It comes down to the antitrust analysis,” said Matthew Cantor, a partner at Constantine Cannon LLP in New York. “If one was to judge this deal on the merits, I think it gets through.” (Updates with remark from Time Warner chief in 25th paragraph. A previous version of this story corrected numbers of AT&T lobbyists.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
On Air: 9-10am Saturdays Talking Point Sarah Carey takes an in-depth look at the main stories of the week. Every Saturday from 9-10am Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Trump unlikely to stop new Cork-US flights Sean Spicer suggests Norwegian Air International's controversial licence is safe... Business & Tech White House press secretary Sean Spicer. Picture by Alex Brandon AP/Press Association Images 9:46 8 Feb 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 2 days ago White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has indicated that Donald Trump will not revoke a licence issued to Norwegian Air International (NAI), allowing it to provide low-cost transatlantic flights from Cork and Shannon. The US has a "huge economic interest" in the deal, Spicer said on Thursday, as it is important for US jobs – though he said he did not want to "get ahead of the president". Some 108 members of Congress wrote to Trump last month, asking him to overturn the US Department of Transportation's decision to grant the licence in early December. The US Airline Pilots' Association has also been critical of the deal, fearing that American jobs would be lost as a result. Spicer said it was his understanding that 50% of crews would be American-based, with Boeing planes set to be used on the transatlantic routes.   A Norwegian Air spokesman has said that the company is doing exactly what the US administration wants, and that it will announce plans for new routes between Ireland and the US in the coming weeks. Trump is set to meet with airline executives at the White House tomorrow, with economic growth, job creation and security on the agenda.  Captain Greg Everhard, a spokesman for the US Airline Pilots' Association (ALPA), spoke to Fox News last week and expressed his hope that Trump "steps up" to cancel the permit granted to NAI in December. The United Airlines captain said: "This is a simple decision to enforce our trade agreements. By revoking the permit that allows NAI to operate, we think President Trump can make a very strong statement that he's going to put American jobs first and help save aviation workers." He also argued that the EU was "violating" the Open Skies agreement and repeated claims that the Dublin-based subsidiary of Norwegian Air Shuttle was established to circumvent tough labour laws in Norway and that it could threaten jobs in the US, which Norwegian has emphatically rejected. Everhard told Fox anchor Greg Jarrett: "They're based in Norway, but they've started a company in Ireland and they're hiring crews using Asian employment contracts. This gives them an unfair advantage over US companies."     9:46 8 Feb 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 2 days ago 4 Related articles DCC buys Norwegian petrol network New Cork-US flights under threat 'The thing is, I don't believe he ever thought he'd be President' Opening Bell: HP jobs fears, Spicer on Norwegian Air, IMF's Greece warning most popular latest sport Ryanair could soon be facing less competition Donald Trump tweet could land him in legal difficulties Rangers announce manager Mark Warburton has resigned Guinness PRO12 Results: Wins for Munster and Ulster site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Talking Point × Sarah Carey takes an in-depth look at the main stories of the week. Every Saturday from 9-10am Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Morning Market Pulse US shale trumping OPEC curtail? Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:17 08 Feb 2017 Accendo Markets , Wed FTSE 100 Index called to open 5pts at 7190, rebounding from 7160 to break above 7180 overnight. This opens the door for recovery to yesterday’s 7225 fake-out highs, keeping alive an accelerated Feb uptrend. Bulls want to see 7200 cleared to build confidence in another leg higher. Bears likely need to see overnight rising lows at 7175 breached. Watch levels: Bullish 7200, Bearish 7175. Calls for a positive open come after a cautiously positive US close and thanks to solid gains in Asia overnight although progress held back by Energy which has been weighed on by a surprisingly large US API oil inventory build stoking fears that rising US shale production will outweigh OPEC cuts deigned to rebalance the global oil market. Geopolitical and economic fears also persist in the run-up to multiple elections in Europe (Netherlands, France Germany) and with a US President both lighting and fighting fires. Jitters are serving to usher Gold back to 3-month highs and encourage investors to take a fresh look at bonds. Japan’s Nikkei is higher thanks to a weaker Yen versus the Dollar as the Greenback recovers from overnight lows to push the Japanese currency back. This leaves the BoJ in the awkward situation of trying to pursue accommodative policy without giving Trump ammo for accusing it of FX manipulation before a meeting with Abe. US Oil inventories nonetheless hampering Energy, a hindrance also visible on Australia’s ASX. US equities closed higher overnight despite falling oil prices once again weighing on Energy names, as the Dow Jones and Nasdaq posted fresh intraday all-time highs shortly after market open while the S&P 500 finished within single digits of a fresh all-time high. Boeing and IBM led the Dow Jones higher (+0.2%) while the tech focused Nasdaq also finished 0.2% higher for a fresh all time high close. Note Disney reported an earnings beat after hours. The S&P was the regional underperformer, closing only marginally higher (+0.02%) on account of Energy weakness, meanwhile, despite topping both earnings and sales forecasts, General Motors fell as investors worry that auto sales may have peaked in the US. Crude Oil prices have taken another leg lower, as US industry (API) inventories yesterday evening showed a build of 14.2m, 11m more than expected, reigniting concerns that US crude production will offset OPEC’s attempt to redress global oversupply. Despite Brent and US crude mounting a steady overnight recovery from lows of $54.50 and $51.20 respectively, this afternoon’s official DOE EIA Crude Inventories (3:30pm) could see prices fall to fresh two-month should it mirror the API data. Gold has fallen back to the bottom of its $1230-$1236 overnight  trading range, having been unable to overcome the latter mark for the third time this week. Fresh safe haven demand amid heightened political uncertainty is helping to offset the downward pressure of a stronger USD, while any weakness in the latter could spur the precious metal to fresh 3-month highs keeping the bullish flag pattern alive. In focus - top tier data distinctly lacking today - will likely be US Oil inventories (3.30pm) after last night’s API data suggested a huge 14.2m barrel build (vs +2.5m est), putting pressure on US and Brent Crude prices overnight, with a knock-on to global risk sentiment. Another big build would add to last week’s disappointment and an uptrend since Christmas, reinforcing concerns about rising US shale production overpowering OPEC cuts. Until then we’ll have to make do with December Spanish Industrial Production (8am) which has potential to echo Germany’s disappoint yesterday, especially after November’s jumped to a 3-month high. India is expected to cut interest rates by a quarter point and US Mortgage Applications may give an idea about the US housing market. While we have the BoE’s Cunliffe (1pm) speaking today after the hawkish Forbes yesterday we also have the final day of Parliamentary debates on Article 50 amendments. Having defeated a tight vote on a Labour motion requiring the PM to return to the EU negotiating platform if no deal is reached, the Government is expecting to see the final vote on the amended bill pass without incident. Accendo Markets Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Spreadbetting, CFD trading and Forex are leveraged. This means they can result in losses exceeding your original deposit. Ensure you understand the risks, seek independent financial advice if necessary. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Morning Market Pulse http://www.accendomarkets.com Accendo Markets’ morning report offers readers a concise explanation as to why the FTSE100 is called up/down each morning with a glance at its technical levels as well as that of Oil and Gold. We look at the how US bourses closed and what has been happening in Asia, with elaboration on drivers including macro-economic data, corporate results and central bank commentary and what to look out for during the trading day. International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION February 11, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors11 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology1 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Disney seeks full control of Paris subsidiary Renewables Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money2 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Watch: Lamborghini escorts Emirates plane on runway When Emirates' high-powered plane gives 'chase' to Italy's luxury supercar at the airport, heads turn Published: 10:37 February 8, 2017 Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dubai: It doesn’t happen often that a high-powered aircraft is ushered by a luxury supercar as it taxis the runway.   But in the hometown of supercars, it does. Passengers travelling from the UAE to Bologna, Italy’s so-called ‘motor valley,’ were treated to a special sight of a Lamborghini Huracan escorting an Emirates Boeing 777-300ER as soon as the plane landed. Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport has been wowing travellers after it partnered with the manufacturer of luxury sports cars and SUVs to upgrade its ‘Follow Me’ vehicle that escorts planes to their gates. Emirates’ Boeing, with a top speed of 950 kilometres per hour, is the largest aircraft flying to Bologna, while the airport’s ‘Follow Me’ car is equipped with a super-aspirated V10 engine and 610 horsepower. The video below was taken during one of the first times when the two super vehicles met on the tarmac. In 2015, Emirates launched its daily flight to Bologna, also referred to as the gateway to Tuscany. The capital of the Emilia Romagna region is known for its huge and well-preserved medieval historical centres and rich art, culture and commerce. “Bologna offers inbound travellers with easy access to this vibrant tourism and commercial hub,” an Emirates airline executive had said during the launch. More from Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day 49 minutes ago EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air GCC defence spending ‘to rise’ in 2017 Air Arabia swings to Dh38.6m loss in Q4 Etihad Airways passenger numbers up 6% to 18.5m Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini Passengers up 20.5% at Doha airport to 37m tags from this storyUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGNDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGNItaly follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited Arab Emirates follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGN+ MGNItaly follow this tag on MGN+ MGNemirates airline Also In AviationAirlines fighting tech glitches every day Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge 02Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini 03Air Arabia swings to Dh38.6m loss in Q4 04Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air 05Gulf flight becomes world's longest journey 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Vidya Balan’s ‘Begum Jaan’ to release in April PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  February ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading Goldfein Describes Challenges Facing the Air Force In-Depth Coverage By Jim Garamone DoD News, Defense Media Activity WASHINGTON, Feb. 7, 2017 – The Air Force chief of staff spoke about the challenges facing his service and what the Air Force must do in the future for the joint force, during a meeting with the Defense Writers' Group today. Gen. David L. Goldfein emphasized the importance to the joint force of incorporating the space domain. He also spoke about the manpower shortage the service faces and the need for dependable budgets for both the service and industry partners. Fighting ISIL Airmen are taking the fight to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on a daily basis, Goldfein said. During the counter-ISIL campaign in Mosul, he said, the Air Force was dropping ordnance on the group about every eight minutes. The Air Force also killed hundreds of terrorists in their camps in Libya, and has gone after groups in Yemen, Goldfein said. In Afghanistan, the Air Force is supporting Afghan forces with close air support and is helping in critical resupply efforts, the general said. Airmen also are deployed and busy in South Korea, Poland, Germany, Djibouti, the Philippines and other areas, Goldfein said. In some places, he said, they are working with allies to strengthen their capabilities. Nuclear Deterrent The Air Force also manages two legs of the nuclear triad or deterrent -- bombers and intercontinental missiles. The U.S. Navy maintains the nuclear submarine force. The Air Force also maintains the command-and-control system for all nuclear forces if "on the worst day of our nation" the president ever has to use these weapons, Goldfein said. The Air Force also is in space, where the service maintains the satellites that tie the military together, the general said. Space-Based Communications Space is where the Air Force literally touches every service member, Goldfein said, noting that the computers and global positioning systems that service members use each day are linked through Air Force satellites. "Space is the connective tissue for the joint force," the general said, noting he wants to "normalize" operations in that critical domain. "As we talk about space as a joint warfighting domain, I want to make sure that as part of the dialogue we are not carving space out as something unique -- that only people in the space business understand," Goldfein said. "We need to look at space as just one more domain in which we operate, and we need to look at constructs used on land, sea and air, and see how many can be applied to space." Putting the space domain in its own unique set could mean walls and seams -- and therefor vulnerabilities -- among the domains, Goldfein said. And if space is the connective tissue among the U.S. services, he added, it also connects the United States to its allies and partners worldwide. Aging Air Fleet The Air Force fleet is the oldest it has been, Goldfein said, noting the B-52 bomber was designed in the 1950s, with the last rolling off the assembly line in the late 1960s. But other aircraft are aging too, he added. The F-15, F-16 and A-10 were originally designed in the 1970s. The C-17 in the 1980s. And, the KC-135 is based on the Boeing 707, he noted, was originally designed in the 1950s. Goldfein said the Air Force wants to modernize its fleet, and that is why the F-35 is a priority for the service. The Air Force plans to buy about 1,600 F-35As, he said. "The more F-35s we can procure in the shortest period of time to reduce aircraft age and get more heavily into the 5th-generation capabilities" -- the better," Goldfein said. Hard Choices Ahead But there are difficult choices ahead for the service, the general said. At the same time the Air Force is buying more F-35s, he said, the service needs to also buy new tanker aircraft, pay for the B-21 bomber program and fund the nuclear modernization program. Add to that, he added, investment in space programs and cyber defense programs and recovering readiness from the trough it went in following sequestration. "One thing on my wish list is a stable budget I can plan against with a reasonable expectation for the future so I can make good fiscal decisions," Goldfein said. The year-to-year changes in the defense budget make it extremely difficult to make any long-term investments in future capabilities, he said. This impacts the service, and industry partners, he said. "I was in Boeing in Los Angeles and visited the people in the business of building satellites," Goldfein said. "That's a pretty sophisticated workforce." He added, "When I jerk the throttle around in one-year budgets and I tell them, 'I think I need this much in two to three years from now, but I'm not sure because I think I'm going to get a continuing resolution which means I can't spend.'" That CEO, he said, "has to somehow sustain that sophisticated workforce. One-year budgets wreak havoc on a service chiefs ability to plan, and on industry." Multi-domain Command, Control One huge change the Air Force is grappling with is on multi-domain command and control, Goldfein said. Gathering land, sea, air, space and cyber together will be key to military success in the future, the general said. "Part of this is a dialogue within industry and the acquisition corps," he said. "As we look at the 21st century, perhaps it's time to focus less on the trucks and the cargo and more on the highway they ride on," the general continued. "Because traditionally, we've built weapons systems and procured munitions and sensors, and then looked at the way to connect them." That thinking needs to reverse, Goldfein said. "In the future, we need to ask what is the network we will ride on and then what are the apps we'll need to ride on that network," he said. "Some of those roll, walk, steam, fly and orbit and it is only as we can connect them as a family that we get multiple dilemmas for an enemy in multiple domains, where 1 plus 1 equals 3 or more." NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Goldfein Describes Challenges Facing the Air Force WASHINGTON, Feb. 7, 2017 — The Air Force chief of staff spoke about the challenges facing his service and what the Air Force must do in the future for the joint force, during a meeting with the Defense Writers’ Group today. Gen. David L. Goldfein emphasized the importance to the joint force of incorporating the space domain. He also spoke about the manpower shortage the service faces and the need for dependable budgets for both the service and industry partners. Fighting ISIL Airmen are taking the fight to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on a daily basis, Goldfein said. During the counter-ISIL campaign in Mosul, he said, the Air Force was dropping ordnance on the group about every eight minutes. The Air Force also killed hundreds of terrorists in their camps in Libya, and has gone after groups in Yemen, Goldfein said. In Afghanistan, the Air Force is supporting Afghan forces with close air support and is helping in critical resupply efforts, the general said. Airmen also are deployed and busy in South Korea, Poland, Germany, Djibouti, the Philippines and other areas, Goldfein said. In some places, he said, they are working with allies to strengthen their capabilities. Nuclear Deterrent The Air Force also manages two legs of the nuclear triad or deterrent — bombers and intercontinental missiles. The U.S. Navy maintains the nuclear submarine force. The Air Force also maintains the command-and-control system for all nuclear forces if “on the worst day of our nation” the president ever has to use these weapons, Goldfein said. The Air Force also is in space, where the service maintains the satellites that tie the military together, the general said. Space-Based Communications Space is where the Air Force literally touches every service member, Goldfein said, noting that the computers and global positioning systems that service members use each day are linked through Air Force satellites. “Space is the connective tissue for the joint force,” the general said, noting he wants to “normalize” operations in that critical domain. “As we talk about space as a joint warfighting domain, I want to make sure that as part of the dialogue we are not carving space out as something unique — that only people in the space business understand,” Goldfein said. “We need to look at space as just one more domain in which we operate, and we need to look at constructs used on land, sea and air, and see how many can be applied to space.” Putting the space domain in its own unique set could mean walls and seams — and therefor vulnerabilities — among the domains, Goldfein said. And if space is the connective tissue among the U.S. services, he added, it also connects the United States to its allies and partners worldwide. Aging Air Fleet The Air Force fleet is the oldest it has been, Goldfein said, noting the B-52 bomber was designed in the 1950s, with the last rolling off the assembly line in the late 1960s. But other aircraft are aging too, he added. The F-15, F-16 and A-10 were originally designed in the 1970s. The C-17 in the 1980s. And, the KC-135 is based on the Boeing 707, he noted, was originally designed in the 1950s. Goldfein said the Air Force wants to modernize its fleet, and that is why the F-35 is a priority for the service. The Air Force plans to buy about 1,600 F-35As, he said. “The more F-35s we can procure in the shortest period of time to reduce aircraft age and get more heavily into the 5th-generation capabilities” — the better,” Goldfein said. Hard Choices Ahead But there are difficult choices ahead for the service, the general said. At the same time the Air Force is buying more F-35s, he said, the service needs to also buy new tanker aircraft, pay for the B-21 bomber program and fund the nuclear modernization program. Add to that, he added, investment in space programs and cyber defense programs and recovering readiness from the trough it went in following sequestration. “One thing on my wish list is a stable budget I can plan against with a reasonable expectation for the future so I can make good fiscal decisions,” Goldfein said. The year-to-year changes in the defense budget make it extremely difficult to make any long-term investments in future capabilities, he said. This impacts the service, and industry partners, he said. “I was in Boeing in Los Angeles and visited the people in the business of building satellites,” Goldfein said. “That’s a pretty sophisticated workforce.” He added, “When I jerk the throttle around in one-year budgets and I tell them, ‘I think I need this much in two to three years from now, but I’m not sure because I think I’m going to get a continuing resolution which means I can’t spend.’” That CEO, he said, “has to somehow sustain that sophisticated workforce. One-year budgets wreak havoc on a service chiefs ability to plan, and on industry.” Multi-domain Command, Control One huge change the Air Force is grappling with is on multi-domain command and control, Goldfein said. Gathering land, sea, air, space and cyber together will be key to military success in the future, the general said. “Part of this is a dialogue within industry and the acquisition corps,” he said. “As we look at the 21st century, perhaps it’s time to focus less on the trucks and the cargo and more on the highway they ride on,” the general continued. “Because traditionally, we’ve built weapons systems and procured munitions and sensors, and then looked at the way to connect them.” That thinking needs to reverse, Goldfein said. “In the future, we need to ask what is the network we will ride on and then what are the apps we’ll need to ride on that network,” he said. “Some of those roll, walk, steam, fly and orbit and it is only as we can connect them as a family that we get multiple dilemmas for an enemy in multiple domains, where 1 plus 1 equals 3 or more.” (Follow Jim Garamone on Twitter: @GaramoneDoDNews) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAir Force, aircraft, Business, command, corps, defense, enemy, fight, fleet, force, general, Industry, military, Nation, navy, ordnance, satellites, service, Space, staff, submarine, Uncategorized, weapons Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Theraclion Announces First Patients Treated in U.S. Pivotal Multicentre FDA Study Next PostNext Theraclion annonce le traitement des premières patientes dans l’étude pivot multicentrique FDA (Etats-Unis) Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing The No. 1 Benefactor of Paul Ryan’s Border Tax Plan Published Mon, Feb 6, 2017  |  Martin Hutchinson, Senior Analyst Among the most powerful catalysts that I follow are policymaking decisions. I’m talking about the big ones — like Obamacare, the Dodd-Frank Act or the Clean Coal Act. Every above-listed legislation had profound impacts on certain stocks. You’ll recall that… Obamacare shot health insurance companies to the moon. The Dodd-Frank Act stung bank stocks. The Clean Coal Act effectively destroyed the entire coal sector. Now imagine investing alongside such a market-moving catalyst. Well, I’ve got one for you today. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is making serious headway on his border tax amendment. My senior analyst, Martin Hutchinson, calls Ryan’s plan “ingenious,” and Trump is rumored to be warming up to the plan. Ryan’s border tax is extremely bullish for exporters. So please allow me to officially wave the checkered flag on a Dow 30 stock perfectly positioned to thrive on legislative action, which is virtually a foregone conclusion. I asked Hutchinson to squeeze this opportunity for every penny, and he happily obliged. All of the pertinent details are below. Smart investing, Louis Basenese Chief Investment Strategist, Wall Street Daily   Question: Martin, tell us what’s likely to move the markets over the next few weeks. What’s at the top of your radar screens? Martin Hutchinson: I think at the top of the radar screens at the moment is Paul Ryan’s new plan for a border tax amendment to corporate tax. I talked last week about possible tariffs and the effect on Mexico. Paul Ryan’s border tax is quite ingenious because under it, the cost of imports won’t be tax-deductible but income from exports won’t be taxable. The details are not clear, but this should pass the World Trade Organization rules because it’s just like a value-added tax, which they’ve got everywhere else. Mexico has one, and all the countries in Europe have them, except that it doesn’t apply to domestic sales. If it passes, exporters should be hugely benefited. Question: Let’s talk about that a little bit. Why should we care about this as investors, Martin? You say exports will benefit. Is that going to directly impact certain stocks? Martin Hutchinson: I think so, because what you want to look for is the companies that have a very heavy export concentration. The dollar exchange rate may adjust, but it shouldn’t adjust the full amount. The balance-of-payments deficit, which is currently $500 billion a year and is a problem, will largely disappear. Exporters certainly will hugely increase sales and especially profits. Question: OK. Do you have your eye on certain stocks that are going to be in a good position when this passes? Martin Hutchinson: I think so. The United States’ biggest exporter is Boeing, and it sells 80% of its commercial airplane output globally. That’s a huge amount of money. Obviously, it imports quite a bit as well, because it makes parts internationally, but more or less by definition, its exports exceed its imports. It brings stuff in, assembles it in the U.S., adds some more parts and then exports it as an airplane. If you look at the tax effect of Ryan’s plan on Boeing, its exports will be tax-free. Its imports won’t be tax-deductible, but since the exports are more than the imports, its whole commercial airplane business will essentially become tax-free, and that’s a huge benefit to the bottom line. Question: Martin, we know that share price simply follows earnings, so will this show up in Boeing’s future earnings report? Is that how shares look to benefit from this? Martin Hutchinson: That’s right, absolutely. If the plan passes, it should do a lot for the stock. Currently, the sales are $95 billion, net income $4.9 billion. It’s all a price-earnings ratio of 21 times, but on the other hand, the dividend yield is 3.4%, which is pretty solid. It’s already an attractive stock at current prices. This should benefit it further and give it some extra kick going into the next couple of years. Question: Martin, for our really ambitious readers out there, if they want to take a chance on some of the call options trading for an extra pop using leverage, is that a smart play? Would you say stick to the traditional shares? Martin Hutchinson: I think this is one way you can play the call options because you can buy long-term call options. The January 2019 series are now trading, and the $180 call option, which is about 10–12% out of the money, is currently trading for $12. You pay $12 for the chance to buy the profits above $180. That looks like pretty attractive leverage to me — 15-to-1. Of course, if this plan passes, the share price should zoom through those levels. Good investing, Martin Hutchinson Senior Analyst, Wall Street Daily For 27 years, Martin Hutchinson was an international merchant banker in London, New York, and Zagreb. He ran derivatives platforms for two European banks before serving as director of a Spanish venture capital company, advisor to the Korean company Sunkyong, and chairman of a U.S. modular building company. Learn More >> Related Articles Trump Border Tax Plan Could Spark a Trade War Trump, Reagan, and the Secret Silver Mine in Mexico Navigating Trump’s Withdrawal from the Trans Pacific Partnership Why Productivity Growth Is Trump’s Biggest Challenge Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation The Hidden Story Behind Apple Earnings Announcement By Jonathan Rodriguez - Feb 9, 2017 Investors have already begun rotating their portfolios to shed large-cap tech holdings and load up on domestically focused names. GeoMacro The Hottest Tech Market Since the Dawn of Cyber Security By Jonathan Rodriguez - Feb 8, 2017 Reinforcing the nation’s cyber security is a top priority for the U.S. government. Here’s where Identiv’s (INVE) electronic access control system (EAC) comes in. Special Situations Amazon, Online Bookseller Turned Retail Monster By Louis Basenese - Feb 10, 2017 If mobile is eating the world now, Amazon’s going to eat everything next. SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
Welcome! Login | Register • Subscribe Now: Free Daily EBlast     Trending School Safety Assessment Deadlines, Chamber of Commerce Lunch: This Week at the State House—School Safety Assessment Deadlines, Chamber… ABC6’s Caught in Providence: Car Clock—ABC6’s Caught in Providence: Car… Fit For Life: Driven – or - Content?—Fit For Life: Driven –… Cicilline Calls for Investigation Into Fellow Rhode Islander Flynn’s Communications With Russia—Cicilline Calls for Investigation Into… LIVE: Dickinson, Former Asst AG & GoLocal’s Attorney Discusses Raimondo’s 38 Studios Announcement—LIVE: Dickinson, Former Asst AG… How RI Taxpayers Are Paying for Judge Ovalles’ Million Dollar Defense—How RI Taxpayers Are Paying… More Snow Expected to Hit Providence Friday Night & Sunday—More Snow Expected to Hit… Feroce Say Raimondo’s Economic Subsidies are “Nonsense”—Feroce Say Raimondo’s Economic Subsidies… Side of the Rhode: Who’s Hot & Who’s Not? - February 10, 2017—Side of the Rhode: Who’s… NEW: RI’s Mt. Hope Farm Goats Celebrate G.O.A.T Brady, Belichick—NEW: RI's Mt. Hope Farm… Home News Public Notices Patriarca Papers LIVE Sports Politics Business Real Estate Weather Food Health Lifestyle Beauty & Fashion Events in RI   White House’s Spicer: Norwegian Air Expansion is Pro-Jobs, Providence Expansion Pending Email to a friend Permalink Wednesday, February 08, 2017 GoLocalProv Business Team   Sean Spicer addresses Norwegian Airlines expansion As reported by GoLocal earlier today, the fate Norwegian Airline’s expansion to Providence may rest in the hands of President Donald Trump.  The very issue was a focal point at the daily White House briefing with reporters.  Sean Spicer, White House Press Secretary addressed the issue of Norwegian’s expansion in America and inferred that the White House saw that the airline's growth in America created significant jobs. John Gizzi, Newsmax's chief political columnist and White House Correspondence, asked Spicer about a scheduled meeting in the White House between domestic airline executives and the President. U.S. Airline executives have been trying to block the lower cost carrier. Fares for flights from Providence to Ireland are expected to begin at $69 each way, and, if not blocked, will start service this summer. For Rhode Island’s economy and local jobs, the addition of Norwegian to the Providence market is a game changer according to local tourism officials. Spicer said at the briefing, “On the case of Norwegian, my understanding, if I’m correct, that there is a deal in which they’re having 50 percent of the crews and the pilots are American-based.  They’re flying Boeing planes.  There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now.  I don’t want to get ahead of the President on that.  But just to be clear, I mean, when you’re talking about U.S. jobs, both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who’s building those planes.  That’s a very big difference.” Calls to the Secretary's office at United States Department of Transportation were referred to the White House. SEE FULL TRANSCRIPT BELOW Exchange Starts at 25:14 of Video SEE THE FULL EXCHANGE BETWEEN RIZZI AND SPICER BELOW Q    Thank you, Sean.  On Thursday, weather permitting, the President is going to meet with airline executives from throughout the country.  Two complaints from airline executives, as well as the Pilots Association, have been, one, that Norwegian Airlines got a special advantage, a foreign carrier permit from the Obama administration, and also that the airlines of the Arab Emirates are state-subsidized, and both cases are violations of the Blue Skies Act between the U.S. and the EU.  Is this something he’s going to address?  And is he considering upending President Obama’s foreign carrier permit? MR. SPICER:  Well, again, that will be something that -- that will be decided when they meet, what they’ll talk about.  Obviously, the President is going to want to talk about economic growth and job creation, how he’s enacting orders to make sure the country is safe. On the case of Norwegian, my understanding, if I’m correct, that there is a deal in which they’re having 50 percent of the crews and the pilots are American-based.  They’re flying Boeing planes.  There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now.  I don’t want to get ahead of the President on that.  But just to be clear, I mean, when you’re talking about U.S. jobs, both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who’s building those planes.  That’s a very big difference.   Related Slideshow: 17 to Watch in 2017 in Rhode Island Prev Next Molly O’Brien: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI O'Brien, who may be Rhode Island's most-liked TV broadcast journalist, is poised for some big moves in 2017.  She was most recently at WJAR Channel 10, where she was the incredibly popular traffic, technology, and social media reporter.  Chances are, you checked in and got a traffic report from O’Brien more than once. The television newswoman, who got her degree in broadcast journalism (Summa Cum Laude) from Arizona State University, got start as a weather and anchor traffic at KVEW in Washington, followed by work as a morning show host and general assignment reporter for KBMT in Texas, before landing in Rhode Island in 2012, where she got “Best Traffic Reporter” in RI Monthly in 2012 and “Best Morning Personality” in 2014.  O’Brien’s work as an animal rescue advocate has won over even more fans, if that’s at all possible.  She’s one of the hardest-working, best-liked media personalities in the market. And 2017 could be her biggest year yet.  Prev Next Zach Darrow: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI For someone who’s been in the game for a while (he was a GoLocal PowerPlayer back in 2011), Darrow’s taking his work as Chairman of the law firm DarrowEverett to a whole other level. He has the owners of the Superman Building as a government relations client, who upped their game in 2016 by rebranding their effort to develop the historic structure, partnering with the Providence Preservation Society to offer tours, and positioning themselves to attract tenants and make the building viable once again.  He is spearheading Waldorf Capital Management’s 195 play, “Chestnut Commons” — a 116,000 square foot retail and residential development that just saw the land sale approved by the 195 Commission for its proposed location on parcel 30.  READ MORE HERE Prev Next Lara Salamano: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI This time last year, the RI Commerce Corporation had just announced Betsy Wall had been named the agency’s new chief marketing officer, and the state was due to unveil its much anticipated, $5 million tourism rebranding effort. Fast forward twelve months, Wall was fired, and the state is still regrouping after a tourism campaign in chaos, having just issued in November a RFP for new business and tourism advertising agencies that was due on December 12.  Now, the urgency — and expectations — rest in part with Salamano, who the state brought on in June to be the new chief marketing officer.  The Rhode Island native and URI grad honed her expertise as a marketing exec in the entertainment industry in New York. READ MORE HERE Prev Next Jocelyn Kelly: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI The United Way of Rhode Island is one of the state’s leading nonprofits for engaging young professionals — and at a time when the state is trying to retain and attract talented millennials, UWRI plays an important role in connecting them with different communities around the state.  Kelly, the current Chair of the UWRI’s Young Leaders Circle, is the Assistant Vice President, State Government Relations Manager at Citizens Bank, after having served as a government relations specialist following political work for then-Secretary of State Ralph Mollis.  On UWRI's website she writes: We come together to volunteer on projects and try to make a difference. Whether that’s providing eleven children with scholarships to attend summer learning programs or providing six families with emergency funds to keep them from losing their homes last winter, we’re making incremental differences that help our fellow Rhode Islanders. READ MORE HERE Prev Next John Florez: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI This past year in Newport, he proposed the municipal ordinance that had been introduced in Providence by former Mayor Joseph Paolino to prohibit distribution of goods or services between pedestrians and occupants of vehicles — which would not just take into account panhandling, but groups looking to raise money such as Pop Warner teams or firefighters.  “It’s a distraction for a motorist behind the wheel to be approached by someone soliciting for money or services, and it isn’t safe for anyone to be standing on a median strip or stepping off a sidewalk to approach motorists,” Florez stated.  “This is a common sense and practical solution to practices that compromise the public safety of our city’s residents and visitors alike.” Florez, who has backed body cameras for the Newport Police Department, a ban on single-use plastic bags, is calling for the creation of a PILOT program to reach agreements with the city’s nonprofits to make some form of payment in lieu of taxes.    READ MORE HERE Prev Next Vin Mesolella: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI There are many reasons why Rhode Island was able to keep 3,000 jobs in Rhode Island and build a new-mega facility for Citizens Bank in Johnston, but according to Citizens Banks’ top official overseeing the project it would not have happened if Narragansett Bay Commission’s Chairman Vin Mesolella had not already developed expansion plans and engineering in the area and been able to implement a water and sewer plan immediately.  “When we looked at the final site (in Johnston), we thought there was no easily available water and sewer — it was looking like it would have been impossible to develop,” said Mike Knipper, Head of Property and Executive Vice President for Citizens. READ MORE HERE Prev Next George Zainyeh: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI George Zainyeh may be one of the key players in the marijuana debate at the RI General Assembly in 2017. Legislator, Chief of staff for Patrick Kennedy and Governor Lincoln Chafee, and now top lobbyist for many on the big healthcare issues, he is likely to be one of the top players in the discussion about legalization. Ironically, Zainyeh's former boss Kennedy today chairs the Board of the nation's leading anti-legalization advocacy group. This session marijuana will take up a substantial amount of oxygen.  With Massachusetts legalizing and Rhode Island facing a $100 million deficit, there is mounting pressure to pass peer legislation to the Commonwealth's.   READ MORE HERE Prev Next Dave Paolo: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI He is back. In early 2016, Dave Paolo launched his G Media firm and just a few months later he has added more than 25 clients, made an acquisition, and landed a Fortune 50 client. It has been a pretty good year. Just as media behavior is transforming, so are advertising and marketing agencies. In April, GoLocal reported: The company is Rhode Island’s first agency focused exclusively on experiential marketing and content development. “The age of experiential marketing has matured. These events…combined with the correct social and online digital campaigns are an essential piece of every integrated marketing budget.  Its not about driving a one dimensional purchase anymore, it's about building a long lasting relationship (with the consumer) for which you earn repeat purchase,” said Paolo in an interview with GoLocalProv. READ MORE HERE Prev Next The Silks: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI The group that’s dubbed itself the “mangy blues rock power trio” has been around, but a big 2016 could signal an even bigger 2017 for The Silks. GoLocal music reviewer Ken Abrams talked them up when he featured their latest album “Turn Me On” in his ten local music must-buys this holiday season: The Silks play pure rock and roll throughout New England and beyond. The Providence power trio includes guitarist Tyler-James Kelly, Jonas Parmelee on bass and drummer Sam Jodrey. Check out their latest release Turn Me On, straight ahead rock and roll that’s fresh and vintage at the same time. In December, the Silks nabbed “Blues Artist of the Year” at the Boston Music Awards — you can catch them Friday night (December 30) at The Met in Pawtucket. Next month, they’ll be at the Narrows Center on January 28 with Matthew Stubs and the Antiguas in Fall River. READ MORE HERE Prev Next Ed Brady: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI He’s got a number of success stories under his belt — and he only seems to add to his track record of winning. From two Thirsty Beavers, to Milk Money, Brady recently expanded his empire when he opened Drift at the newly re-done Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at India Point Park in Providence. However, it’s the Cranston West graduate's involvement in the community that sets him apart, time and time again.  READ MORE HERE Prev Next Colonel Ann Assumpico: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI Colonel Assumpico was appointed the 13th Superintendent of the Rhode Island State Police and Director of the Rhode Island Department of Public Safety by Governor Raimondo on November 3, 2016 — she is the highest ranking female to serve in the Rhode Island State Police and the first female to lead a law enforcement agency in the State of Rhode Island. Will Raimondo finally direct the State Police to release the interview notes from the 38 Studios investigation? Regardless, all eyes will be on Assumpico, as she takes the helm for her first full calendar year.  Following Assumpico’s appointment, GoLocal spoke with Lt. Charles P. Wilson, the Chair of the National Association of Black Law Enforcement Officers:  "Number one, putting a female of any ethnicity in charge of the State Police will have a dynamic impact on the entire law enforcement structure in the state, and that's a good thing," said Wilson, who is a Rhode Island College graduate. READ MORE HERE Prev Next Bankruptcy: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI It’s not a person, place, or thing — but it’s very real possibility for the City of Providence.  2016 saw the city battling with the firefighters over the platoon shift change that Mayor Jorge Elorza implemented in 2015, and while both sides touted a new five year contract moving forward as a step in the right direction, the city’s internal auditor projected — multiple times — that the purported savings are off by the magnitude of millions (not to mention the underlying legal battle has not been resolved). The topic of a potential bankruptcy has been broached in recent years — with Elorza continuously dismissing the prospect — but with critics of the city’s financial position repeatedly advocating for it.  READ MORE HERE Prev Next Darryl Kosciak: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI As Providence and Rhode Island continue to look for ways to address the issue of homelessness, the Rhode Island Coalition for the Homeless has a new face at its helm in 2017. Darryl Kosciak is replacing ten-year veteran Jim Ryczek as Executive Director at the end of 2016, after a national search. Kosciak, is originally from Hopedale, MA, had lived in Greensboro, North Carolina for the past twenty years, where he headed up the city’s Youth First Division for at-risk youth starting in 2002, before becoming the Executive Director for Partners Ending Homelessness (PEH) in 2010.  READ MORE HERE Prev Next Georgia Hollister Isman: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI The State Director of the Working Families Party in Rhode Island came off of 2016 claiming big victories — and has not stopped working since.  “Over all we won 7 of 10 races we took on, including important defenses of Rep. Teresa Tanzi and Rep. Kathy Fogarty and winning Susan Donovan’s race in an open seat.  This is an enormous record for our very first election cycle,” said Isman, following the election.  After Trump’s victory, a “Resist Hate RI” group emerged, headed in part by Isman, to be proactive in pushing a progressive, "anti-Trump" agenda — and calling on the state’s elected officials to do the same. The Facebook group has nearly 5,000 members, community forums regularly draw hundreds of Rhode Islanders, and Isman is spearheading efforts as 2017 gets underway.  READ MORE HERE Prev Next Patricia Morgan: 17 to Watch for 2017 in RI The Republican State Representative is no stranger to GoLocal’s year end lists — in 2015, she was tapped for earning the accolades of having made a difference that year for calling into question state contracts with the Rhode Island Convention Center — not to mention the necessity, or efficacy, of truck tolls. Morgan, who was first elected to the General Assembly in 2010, takes on a new role in 2017, however, when she assumes the role of House Minority Leader. (Representative Brian Newberry had held the post since 2011). READ MORE HERE Prev Next Iftikhar Ahmad: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI This September, the Rhode Island Airport Corporation landed one of the most successful airport heads in America, when the Board of Directors announced that it signed Iftikhar Ahmad to lead T.F. Green Airport as the new president and CEO of the Corporation. Ahmad increased passenger growth by 36% at his previous post in New Orleans. "We have completely turned around this airport and are now underway on a new $826 million north terminal project," Ahmad said in a news release at his departure, as reported by the Times-Picayune. "My goal was to work with the Aviation Board and staff to improve the physical assets of the airport and attract additional air service for the benefit of metro New Orleans and the Gulf South...I feel like I have accomplished that and look forward to new challenges in my career." READ MORE HERE Prev Next The District RI: 17 to Watch in 2017 in RI The Jewelry District is abuzz with the potential for development to finally get underway on 195 land in 2017, but there is one new addition that’s already opened its doors and ready to go in the new year. The site of the former popular South Street Cafe is now The District RI, and officially celebrated its grand opening on December 22 — and will be open daily at 11:30 AM (except Mondays).   The restaurant Facebook page has already amassed nearly 1,500 likes, and has averaged 4.9 starts (out of 5) from 48 reviews so far.  The menu features burgers, pizza, salads, calamari, and more.   READ MORE HERE Prev Next       Related Articles Providence On Short List for Norwegian Air Flights to Ireland for $69 Each Way Norwegian Airlines Picks Providence for $69 European Flights, But Trump Has Last Word   Enjoy this post? Share it with others. Email to a friend Permalink             Sign Up for the Daily Eblast I want to follow on Twitter I want to Like on Facebook Delivered Free Every Day to Your Inbox Sign Up for the Daily Eblast I want to follow on Twitter I want to Like on Facebook X   Home News Politics Sports Business Real Estate Weather Health Lifestyle About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us Copyright 2017 - GoLocalProv :!
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 World Peru says wanted ex-president likely in U.S., may flee to Israel 1486756134 World Nigeria's anti-graft body seizes $9.8 million from state oil firm ex-boss 1486756988 World Peru asks world to help find fugitive ex-president Toledo 1486761389 Business Factbox: Company shares mostly able to recover from Trump tweets mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:00 AM, February 8, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, February 9, 2017 President Donald Trump's tweets on various companies have drawn much attention, but with the Dow <.DJI>, S&P 500 <.SPX> and Nasdaq at or near record levels, the impact on the shares of those companies has been mostly short-lived. Following is a list of companies targeted in Trump's tweets: Nordstrom Inc <JWN.N>: The most recent tweet from Trump on Wednesday was a departure from his prior criticisms in that it related to his daughter Ivanka's business dealings and not his political agenda. Trump said his daughter had been treated "unfairly" by the company, which media outlets reported last week was winding down its relationship with Ivanka's brand. Shares of Nordstrom dropped 0.7 percent and spiked in volume in a one-minute span on Wednesday but were last up 1.5 percent at a session high of $43.42 in early afternoon. Rexnord Corp <RXN.N>: Trump targeted the company in a Dec. 2 tweet for "moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers." The stock shed 1.1 percent in the following session but is up nearly 12 percent since the tweet and closed at a 9-1/2 month high on Tuesday. Boeing Co <BA.N>: The Dow component was targeted by Trump in a Dec. 6 tweet that criticized costs for the Air Force One plane manufactured by the company. Shares closed that session little changed and have since jumped more than 9 percent through Tuesday's close. United Technologies Corp <UTX.N>: Trump tweeted on Nov. 24 about working on a deal with the Dow component to keep jobs at its Carrier unit in Indiana. Shares gained 0.6 percent in the session following the Thanksgiving holiday and have advanced 2.9 percent through Tuesday. Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N>: Trump on Dec. 12 tweeted about the U.S. defense company's F-35 fighter jet program, calling it "out of control." Lockheed Martin shares fell 2.5 percent on the day of the tweet, but have recovered somewhat since and were down 1.2 percent since as of Monday's close. Lockheed Martin has outperformed the NYSE Arca Defense index <.DFII>, which has fallen 3.7 percent over the same time frame. General Motors Co <GM.N>: Trump on Jan. 3 threatened a "big border tax" on GM for making its Chevy Cruze model in Mexico. GM's shares fell briefly in premarket trade following the tweets but have since gained only 0.7 percent as disappointment in the automaker's quarterly earnings on Tuesday dragged shares down nearly 5 percent. Ford Motor Co <F.N.>: Shares are up about 4 percent since Trump tweeted on Nov. 17 the company would keep jobs in Kentucky. Fiat Chrysler <FCAU.N> <FCHA.MI> : Trump applauded the company on Twitter on Jan. 9 for plans to invest in Michigan and Ohio plants. U.S.-listed shares of the stock are down more than 1 percent since, including a drop of nearly 5 percent on Tuesday after French investigators referred the company for possible prosecution over emissions. Toyota Motor Co <TM.N> <7203.T>: In response to the automaker's plan to build its Corolla cars in Mexico, Trump tweeted on Jan. 5, "NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax," which sent shares down 0.6 percent on the session. U.S.-listed shares of the stock are down 6.6 percent since. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Sustainability Science Ideas Cities Transportation Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 1 minute read Turn Your Local Streets Into A Map That Reveals The Character Of Your Neighborhood You can tell a lot from one-square mile of road networks. 01 /03 Looking at a square-mile section of the street grid can help researchers quickly understand a city's shape, configuration, and history. 02 /03 A new tool takes square-mile snapshot of any city and converts it into a simple graphic diagram that can be easily compared to anywhere else. 03 /03 "It tells you how the city is connected -- or disconnected," says the tool's creator, Geoff Dyer. Slide Show: 3 images Recent posts The First Public Benefit Corporation Is . . . A For-Profit College? Scotland Is Taking Over The Country's Ferries And Creating A National Ferry Service Fox News Just Made The Head Of ISIS Look Like A Pretty Decent Guy Another Reason To Let Kids Play Outside: Staying Indoors Could Cause Bad Vision Adele Peters 02.06.17 2:30 PM Seen side by side, it isn't hard to guess which of two tiny street maps depicts part of Portland, Oregon, and which shows the sprawl of car-centric Irvine, California. A new data visualization tool takes a square-mile snapshot of any city and converts it into a simple graphic diagram that can be easily compared to anywhere else. "[It] lets you get a city’s or neighborhood’s walking, driving, or biking network with a single line of Python code," says Geoff Boeing, a PhD student at the University of California-Berkeley who created the tool in order to study urban street networks more easily. Looking at a square-mile section of the street grid—a form inspired by Allan Jacobs's hand-drawn maps in a book called Great Streets—can help researchers quickly understand a city's shape, configuration, and a little about its history. "It tells you how the city is connected — or disconnected," says Boeing. "You can also see the design paradigm and planning decisions that went into the layout of the urban form (in planned cities) or how the city's urban fabric evolved in older self-organized cities. How is the city oriented to walking versus driving?" In the case of suburban Irvine, you can also see how little is going on. "You can also see how much dense, lively space in a place like Rome or Osaka (and all that rich history and activity!) could fit into just a couple of blocks of suburban business park in a place like Irvine, California," he says. For anyone who wants to make maps themselves, Boeing links to his code in a blog post. Correction: The man behind the maps is named Geoff Boeing, not Geoff Dwyer like we initially named him in this article. Sorry, Geoff! Never miss a story. Sign up for the Co.Exist newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Mac malware, possibly made in Iran, targets U.S. defense industry The malware has also been found targeting a human rights activist By Michael Kan | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 7, 2017 12:50 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Michael Kan More like this Mac malware is found targeting biomedical research Ransomware became one of the top threats to enterprises this year Data-wiping malware strikes Saudi government agencies Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Just because you’re using a Mac doesn’t mean you’re safe from hackers. That’s what two security researchers are warning, after finding a Mac-based malware that may be an attempt by Iranian hackers to target the U.S. defense industry. The malware, called MacDownloader, was found on a website impersonating the U.S. aerospace company United Technologies, according to a report from Claudio Guarnieri and Collin Anderson, who are researching Iranian cyberespionage threats. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] The fake site was previously used in a spear-phishing email attack to spread Windows malware and is believed to be maintained by Iranian hackers, the researchers claimed. Visitors to the site are greeted with a page about free programs and courses for employees of the U.S. defense companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Boeing. The malware itself can be downloaded from an Adobe Flash installer for a video embedded in the site. The website will provide either Windows or Mac-based malware, depending on the detected operating system. Iran Threats A screenshot of the fake site.  The MacDownloader malware was designed to profile the victim's computer, and then steal credentials by generating fake system login boxes and harvesting them from Apple's password management system, Keychain. However, the malware is of shoddy quality and is "potentially a first attempt from an amateur developer," the researchers said. For instance, once the malware is installed, it will generate a fake Adobe Flash Player dialog box, only to then announce that adware was discovered on the computer and that it will attempt to clean it up. "These dialogues are also rife with basic typos and grammatical errors, indicating that the developer paid little attention to quality control," the researchers said. In addition, the malware failed to run a script to download additional malicious coding onto the infected Mac.   But despite the shoddy quality, the malware still managed to evade detection on VirusTotal, which aggregates antivirus scanning engines. The researchers found other circumstantial evidence that the malware is linked to Iran. An exposed server that the MacDownloader agent uploaded showed wireless networks called "Jok3r" and "mb_1986." Both of these names have ties to previous Iranian hacking groups, including one known as Flying Kitten, which is suspected of targeting U.S. defense contractors and political dissidents. In an email, Anderson said a colleague also observed MacDownloader targeting a human rights activist. The danger is that many human rights supporters, especially in Iran, are dependent on Apple devices, the researchers said. "While this [malware] is neither sophisticated nor full-featured, its sudden appearance is concerning given the popularity of Apple computers," they wrote in their report. Mac malware is fairly rare, according to security researchers. That's because hackers tend to attack Windows-based devices, because of their popularity. However, Mac-based malware is still popping up here and there. Last month, researchers found another kind designed to spy on biomedical research centers. A separate Mac-based Trojan was found months earlier, targeting the aerospace industry.  To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security MacOS Malware & Vulnerabilities Michael Kan covers security for IDG News Service. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 5 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands Post to Facebook Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2jZBpt4 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Land Rovers could need $17K hike to offset border tax Ryan Beene and John Lippert, Bloomberg News 4:51 p.m. ET Feb. 7, 2017 In what it calls a “thought exercise,” industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars — more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case — to recoup higher costs incurred under the House Republican-proposed border-adjusted tax. (Photo: Land Rover) 5 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE As Washington considers a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. In what it calls a “thought exercise,” industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars — more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case — to recoup higher costs incurred under the House Republican-proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Michigan-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baumsaid by phone. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of its factory in Sterling Heights to build light-duty pickups there instead of Mexico, and to add medium- and heavy-duty truck output at the plant, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report Wednesday, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8 percent, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50 percent. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. 5 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2jZBpt4 TOP VIDEOS Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54 Nissan introduces Vmotion 2.0 concept, Rogue Sport SUV 1:25 2017 North American Car and Truck of the Year awards 2:03
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Energy stocks slide with oil Wednesday, 8 February 2017, 9:24 am Article: BusinessDesk Wednesday 08 February 2017 08:03 AM While you were sleeping: Energy stocks slide with oil By Margreet Dietz Feb. 8 (BusinessDesk) - A decline in energy stocks weighed on Wall Street, while investors digested comments from US Federal Reserve officials about the potential for an interest rate increase next month. Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said he could support a hike at the Federal Open Market Committee’s next two-day meeting in March. “I think March is on the table. I would never take a meeting off the table,” Harker told reporters after a speech in San Diego, according to the Wall Street Journal. Meanwhile, Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari wrote an essay, posted on the bank’s website, about his decision at last week’s FOMC meeting to vote in favour of keeping interest rates unchanged. “We are still coming up somewhat short on our inflation mandate, and we may not have yet reached maximum employment,” Kashkari said. “That suggests that somewhat accommodative monetary policy would still be appropriate to close those gaps.” Wall Street was mixed. In 1.25pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.2 percent while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.1 percent. In 1.10pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slipped 0.06 percent. In the Dow, advances in shares of Boeing and those of Apple, which recently traded 1.5 percent and 1.1higher respectively, outweighed declines in shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil, recently down 1.6 percent and 1 percent respectively. Energy stocks followed the price of oil lower, with crude falling below US$52 a barrel. While concern about the impact of US President Donald Trump’s controversial start in office is weighing on equity markets, the outlook for corporate profits and the economy remains positive. "We've been getting some back and forth between the new administration's business-friendly policies versus the disruptions economically and politically from the immigration and trade-related issues," Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede in Philadelphia, told Reuters. "However, at the end of the day, the expansion is continuing, the economy and earnings are growing and that should support equities,” Pride noted. A Commerce Department report showed the US trade deficit narrowed 3.2 percent to a seasonally adjusted US$44.26 billion in December from the previous month. Protectionist policies, as championed by Trump, won't get rid of the deficit, some warned. "When an economy is at full employment, an acceleration in demand tends to be accompanied by a pickup in import growth and a wider trade deficit," John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. "The US simply does not have enough spare labour and capacity at any exchange rate to close the deficit, which will likely widen in 2017 and 2018." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.3 percent advance from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX Index gained 0.3 percent. France’s CAC 40 Index slid 0.5 percent. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Inflated Prices? Government To Investigate Fuel Market Returns Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins has today announced a Market Study into fuel prices/returns to be undertaken by the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE). More>> Money: Inflation Hits Poor Households Hardest Beneficiaries and low-spending households experienced the highest inflation over the past year, Statistics NZ said today. Their overall costs increased 1.4 percent. This was more than double the rate of inflation experienced by New Zealand's highest spenders. More>> ALSO: Labour - Costs of National's housing crisis hit middle NZ hardest - Skyrocketing Wellington rents pile on the pressure Greens - Real cost of living reveals unbalanced NZ economy Trade Me Property - Capital city tenants struggle amidst record-breaking rents Reserve Bank: Official Cash Rate Unchanged At 1.75 Percent The Reserve Bank today left the Official Cash Rate (OCR) unchanged at 1.75 percent... Recent moderation in house price inflation is welcome, and in part reflects loan-to-value ratio restrictions and higher mortgage rates. More>> ALSO: Century 21 Real Estate - No ORC change shows market already working, says head Canstar - OCR Announcement - Canstar Comments HiFX - RBNZ Official Cash Rate Decision - No Change - NZD Lower Lending: Minister Requests Cost-Benefit Analysis On Debt To Income Limits A full cost-benefit analysis on Debt-to-Income (DTI) limits and public consultation will be conducted by the Reserve Bank before any decision is made on the potential use of the macro-prudential policy tool, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Joyce seeks cost-benefit on debt-to-income lending rules ACT - Major flaw in debt-to-income limits flagged Mark Your Fiscal Calendar: 2017 Budget To Be Presented On 25 May The Government's 2017 Budget will be delivered on Thursday 25 May, and will be centred on providing opportunities for all Kiwis to get ahead, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: ACT - National leaves ACT alone in tax cut commitment Caritas Aotearoa - Budget 2017 must prioritise community wellbeing Spencer to be Acting Governor: Reserve Bank' Wheeler Not Seeking Another Term Reserve Bank Governor Graeme Wheeler today announced that he will not be seeking a second term as Governor when his current term ends on 26 September this year. More>> ALSO: Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate unchanged at 1.75 percent BusinessDesk - Big shake-up for RBNZ: Wheeler to Sept; Spencer to fill in NZ Govt - Spencer to be Acting Governor of Reserve Bank Greens - A chance for a Reserve Bank refresh ACT - ACT congratulates Graeme Wheeler on his tenure NZ Property Institute - Property Institute calls for review of Reserve Bank targets Unsold Energy: No Buyer For Spring Creek Mine Leads To Closure Despite an exhaustive sales process Solid Energy has been unsuccessful in securing a buyer for Spring Creek Mine and has reluctantly taken the decision to close the mine. Spring Creek Mine has been in care and maintenance since 2012 when production was stopped following a review of the mine’s economic viability. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Solid Energy to close Spring Creek mine, no buyers emerged E tu - E tū: sadness at job losses as Spring Creek closes Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator 9:15 PM | Skipton International Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 10/02/17 | Joint Press Release NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk More   RSS Change to cannabis approval 10/02/17 | Science Media Centre Study of mutant sheep provides exciting new opportunities 10/02/17 | AgResearch Hearing and balance disorders focus for new centre 10/02/17 | University of Auckland Southwest Pacific Tropical Cyclone Outlook Update 10/02/17 | NIWA Local Environmentalist, International Recognition 10/02/17 | Environment Institute of Austra... Researchers awarded funds to tackle diabetes 09/02/17 | University of Otago Drone swarm to locate people post-disaster 09/02/17 | University of Canterbury More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech The enduring charm of VDSL 05 Feb | Bill Bennett Oppo phones coming to NZ 9:47 PM | Bill Bennett Hawaiki submarine-cable on track for mid-2018 laun... 18 Jan | Bill Bennett NZ IT spending to climb 2.3 percent in 2017 4:14 AM | Bill Bennett NZ Tech Podcast 316: Ten years of Apple iPhone 1:26 AM | Bill Bennett Lenovo Miix 510: A Surface Pro 4 for less 12 Jan | Bill Bennett On switching from Mac to Windows, or Windows to Ma... 11 Jan | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculato... 7:15 PM | admin Significant step towards new cycling and walking t... 6:58 PM | admin Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 09 Feb | admin NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 09 Feb | admin MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fa... 09 Feb | admin Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 09 Feb | admin New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 09 Feb | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-02-07/world-s-longest-flight-reaches-auckland-in-latest-endurance-test SFO flight loses title as world's longest, but it's up for debate Angus Whitley and Amir Shabana, Bloomberg Published 9:04 am, Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP Image 1of/23 Caption Close Image 1 of 23 FILE - In this Nov. 14, 2011 file photo, visitors walk up stairs to inspect a Boeing 777-200LR aircraft in Qatar Airways livery at the Dubai Airshow in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Qatar Airways has launched the world's longest scheduled commercial airline route with the arrival of its flight from Doha to Aukland, New Zealand. The Gulf carrier said flight QR920 touched down in Aukland early on Monday, Feb. 6, 2017, after covering a distance of 14,535 kilometers (9,032 miles). less FILE - In this Nov. 14, 2011 file photo, visitors walk up stairs to inspect a Boeing 777-200LR aircraft in Qatar Airways livery at the Dubai Airshow in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Qatar Airways has launched ... more Photo: Kamran Jebreili, AP Image 2 of 23 Popular travel site SleepingInAirports.com has released the results of a survey on the best and worst airports in the country, according to travelers. Click through to see the results. Popular travel site SleepingInAirports.com has released the results of a survey on the best and worst airports in the country, according to travelers. Click through to see the results. Image 3 of 23 First up, the worst airports in North America... 10. Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport "Long lines, spawned by too many travelers and not enough immigration officers, lead to far too many missed flights. These kinds of fixable shortages drive passengers to the brink!" less First up, the worst airports in North America... 10. Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport "Long lines, spawned by too many travelers and not enough immigration officers, lead to far too many missed ... more Photo: James Nielsen, Staff Image 4 of 23 9. John F. Kennedy International Airport "What travelers loathe here are the long lines, labyrinth-like hallways and the insufficient seating." 9. John F. Kennedy International Airport "What travelers loathe here are the long lines, labyrinth-like hallways and the insufficient seating." Photo: Frank Franklin II, AP Image 5 of 23 8. Honolulu International Airport  "The combination of no air-conditioning, no free Wi-Fi and uncomfortable seating make Honolulu International Airport one of North America’s worst airports. " 8. Honolulu International Airport  "The combination of no air-conditioning, no free Wi-Fi and uncomfortable seating make Honolulu International Airport one of North America’s worst airports. " Photo: HUGH GENTRY Image 6 of 23 7. Mexico City Aeropuerto Internacional Benito Juárez "The lack of information signs and the antique infrastructure in sections of the airport has the capacity to make some voters feel 'hopeless and unsafe' in a 'dark labyrinth atmosphere.'" less 7. Mexico City Aeropuerto Internacional Benito Juárez "The lack of information signs and the antique infrastructure in sections of the airport has the capacity to make some voters feel 'hopeless and unsafe' in ... more Photo: Daniel Sambraus/Getty Images Image 7 of 23 6. Kahului Maui International Airport "Lineups are generally too long, and the bathrooms are overused and under-cleaned. Couple all this with a number of mosquitoes and you’ve got a recipe for a bleak airport experience." less 6. Kahului Maui International Airport "Lineups are generally too long, and the bathrooms are overused and under-cleaned. Couple all this with a number of mosquitoes and you’ve got a recipe for a bleak airport ... more Photo: MIXA Co. Ltd./Getty Images/MIXA Image 8 of 23 5. Los Angeles International Airport  "While LAX has seen a number of upgrades lately, one voter said it was 'like putting lipstick on a pig.'" 5. Los Angeles International Airport  "While LAX has seen a number of upgrades lately, one voter said it was 'like putting lipstick on a pig.'" Photo: Aristomenis Tsirbas, Associated Press Image 9 of 23 4. Kansas City International Airport "Grievances here begin with the bathrooms, and the total shortage of toilets throughout. Couple that with the lack of airside restaurants and you’ve got a terminal full of travelers desperately looking for a bathroom or a bite to eat." less 4. Kansas City International Airport "Grievances here begin with the bathrooms, and the total shortage of toilets throughout. Couple that with the lack of airside restaurants and you’ve got a terminal full of ... more Photo: Lisa Plymell/Getty Images Image 10 of 23 3. Newark Liberty International Airport "Things that might improve life here include a deep cleaning, a reduction in the resident pigeon population, and a bit more efficiency and crowd control." 3. Newark Liberty International Airport "Things that might improve life here include a deep cleaning, a reduction in the resident pigeon population, and a bit more efficiency and crowd control." Photo: Julio Cortez, AP Image 11 of 23 2. Miami International Airport "Miami International Airport claims the title of second worst airport in North America thanks to massive lines, huge distances and confusing signage." 2. Miami International Airport "Miami International Airport claims the title of second worst airport in North America thanks to massive lines, huge distances and confusing signage." Photo: Lynne Sladky, Associated Press Image 12 of 23 1. LaGuardia International Airport "The terminal-wide scrub travellers yearn for has yet to happen, and a leaky roof is creating indoor puddles." 1. LaGuardia International Airport "The terminal-wide scrub travellers yearn for has yet to happen, and a leaky roof is creating indoor puddles." Photo: Kathy Willens, AP Image 13 of 23 And now, the best airports on the continent... 10. Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport "Friendly staff and few crowds keep the pains of travel to a minimum, while the free Wi-Fi and free SkyTrain to the city’s Light Rail system make sure that time here is easy on the wallet." less And now, the best airports on the continent... 10. Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport "Friendly staff and few crowds keep the pains of travel to a minimum, while the free Wi-Fi and free SkyTrain to the ... more Photo: Josh Radtke, The Arizona Republic Image 14 of 23 9. Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport "Food, retail and charging options are good throughout Dallas Fort Worth - though with a terminal of this size, it’s hard not to find what you’re looking for!" 9. Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport "Food, retail and charging options are good throughout Dallas Fort Worth - though with a terminal of this size, it’s hard not to find what you’re looking for!" Photo: Tom Fox, McClatchy-Tribune News Service Image 15 of 23 Buy photo 8. San Francisco International Airport "San Francisco was one of the first airports to introduce a yoga studio and other clever amenities, so it’s always got a special spot in our hearts. This year travelers loved the in-house aquarium, the museum, the reading room and the reasonably-priced restaurants." less 8. San Francisco International Airport "San Francisco was one of the first airports to introduce a yoga studio and other clever amenities, so it’s always got a special spot in our hearts. This year travelers ... more Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 16 of 23 7. Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport "In spite of its size, the airport really is quite simple, clean and efficient. And, it offers up a few truly creative attractions like a giant light tunnel and a sensational fountain." less 7. Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport "In spite of its size, the airport really is quite simple, clean and efficient. And, it offers up a few truly creative attractions like a giant light tunnel and a ... more Photo: Walter Bibikow, Multiple Image 17 of 23 6. Denver International Airport "As a destination prone to weather delays, voters also appreciated that the airport provided water, mats and blankets on occasion." 6. Denver International Airport "As a destination prone to weather delays, voters also appreciated that the airport provided water, mats and blankets on occasion." Photo: Cyrus McCrimmon/Denver Post Via Getty Images Image 18 of 23 5. Indianapolis International Airport "Indianapolis International Airport pleases travelers by being tidy, organized, open and efficient." 5. Indianapolis International Airport "Indianapolis International Airport pleases travelers by being tidy, organized, open and efficient." Photo: Logan Mock-Bunting/Getty Images/Aurora Creative Image 19 of 23 4. Portland International Airport "The bright and clean terminal features a great number of padded armrest-free benches, and no matter where you walk, you’re never far from a snack or the bathroom." 4. Portland International Airport "The bright and clean terminal features a great number of padded armrest-free benches, and no matter where you walk, you’re never far from a snack or the bathroom." Photo: David Gn Photography/Getty Images Image 20 of 23 3. Minneapolis – St. Paul International Airport "Fair weather travelers are equally as pleased by the publicly accessible iPads, healthy food options, quiet couches and good shops, all of which are housed in a clean and fresh terminal." less 3. Minneapolis – St. Paul International Airport "Fair weather travelers are equally as pleased by the publicly accessible iPads, healthy food options, quiet couches and good shops, all of which are housed in a ... more Photo: Barry Winiker/Getty Images Image 21 of 23 2. Tampa International Airport "Tampa International Airport continues to lead the pack of American airports thanks to its logical hub-and-spoke layout. In a world of mega-huge airports that require what feels like hours of walking, visitors to TPA appreciate how few steps you take from curbside to gate." less 2. Tampa International Airport "Tampa International Airport continues to lead the pack of American airports thanks to its logical hub-and-spoke layout. In a world of mega-huge airports that require what feels ... more Photo: Jennifer Lawler / EyeEm/Getty Images/EyeEm Image 22 of 23 1. Vancouver International Airport "This inviting terminal first wows visitors with stunning architecture and locally-inspired First Nation’s art. Great shopping and dining options for every budget up’s the terminal’s appeal." less 1. Vancouver International Airport "This inviting terminal first wows visitors with stunning architecture and locally-inspired First Nation’s art. Great shopping and dining options for every budget up’s the ... more Photo: Michael Wheatley/Getty Images/All Canada Photos Image 23 of 23 SFO flight loses title as world's longest, but it's up for debate 1 / 23 Back to Gallery (Bloomberg) -- Qatar Airways wrested the world’s-longest-flight title from Mideast rival Emirates with a 9,030-mile service linking Doha with Auckland that touched down in New Zealand’s biggest city Tuesday. The route adds 200 miles to the record Emirates established last year by virtue of Doha’s location further west than Dubai. Singapore Airlines Ltd.’s planned resumption of direct flights from its home hub to New York in 2018 would comfortably beat both services, with a distance of more than 9,500 miles. There's some confusion regarding the longest-flight title following Air India Ltd.'s switch to a trans-Pacific route between Delhi and San Francisco in order to avoid trans-Atlantic headwinds and reduce travel times. While the service spans more than 9,000 miles, the cities are actually only 7,706 miles apart -- more than 1,300 miles closer than Doha and Auckland. Explainer video on the science behind flight turbulence Media: MediaOS Video Qatar Air will serve Auckland daily using 259-seat Boeing Co. 777-200LR aircraft, with the flight taking about 17 1/2 hours. While demand will come chiefly from Europe, the carrier also expects to attract passengers from the U.S. East Coast, even with the long journey time, Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said at a press briefing after the first service touched down. Related Stories Nearly 80 flights at SFO canceled due to bad weather Yemeni girl’s travel ordeal ends with US citizenship Singapore Airlines flight attendant found dead in San Francisco hotel room Across the region, Qatar Air also serves Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth in Australia, with seat occupancy rates typically running above 85 percent, and plans to add flights to Canberra next February. Al Baker said it’s open to cooperation with a local carrier for onward flights from Auckland following the termination of an existing arrangement with Air New Zealand Ltd. Qantas Airways Ltd., Australia’s biggest airline, plans to start direct flights between Perth in Western Australia and London in March 2018 using a Boeing 787. That trip spans 9,009 miles, according to the Great Circle Mapper website. Direct flights from northwest Europe to the southeast of Australia remain beyond the range of the most modern jets with a full passenger load, though they may be possible in a few years with Boeing’s upgraded 777X series. Even then, Europe-Auckland is likely to remain too much of a stretch. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Apple Dominate DJIA on Tuesday By Paul Ausick February 7, 2017 4:02 pm EST Print Email Tweet February 7, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday and dipped very near the red zone before bouncing back up. The energy sector is the day’s big loser while consumer staples and technology kept the major indexes in the green. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $52.17 a barrel, down about 1.6% on the day. April gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,236.10. Equities were headed for a higher close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.01% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.16%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.16%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Tuesday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.37% at $166.22. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $170.00. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The aerospace giant had no specific news. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) traded up 1.36% at $178.25. The stock’s 52-week range is $116.90 to $179.25. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company had no specific news. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 0.93% at $131.51. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $132.09, a new 52-week high set Tuesday. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 31.6 million shares. The company had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 0.84% at $66.96. The stock’s 52-week range is $62.35 to $75.19. Volume was about half the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 13 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 17 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Sabre Earnings Might Not Be As Bad As First Thought Teva, Kors Stagger into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Saturday, February 11, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life A Guide For Saudi Fashionistas Desert Palm Per Aquum Himalayan Salt Lamps Help Reduce Mental Fatigue, Inspire Positivity  Winterland and the Northern Lights The Challenges of Fostering a Health and Safety Culture in The Middle East AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Saudia to receive 29 new aircraft in 2017 Business Saudia to receive 29 new aircraft in 2017 Feb 8, 2017 625 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter A total of 11 Airbus aircraft joined the fleet of Saudi Arabian Airlines in 2017, of which three of them reached King Abdulaziz International Airport, Jeddah on Feb. 1. The national carrier will take delivery of another 29 aircraft during the current year, including seven Boeing Dreamliner, five Boeing B777-300, nine Airbus A330-300 (like the one in photo) and eight Airbus (A320ceo). Saudia Director General Saleh Al-Jasser said Saudia would have a fleet of 200 modern aircraft by the year 2020. SOURCESaudi Gazette TAGS aircrafts Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian Airlines SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAlinma Educational Fund buys Amjad Qurtoba Schools Next articleMosul residents outraged by Daesh ‘hole fee’ Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR King Salman receives phone call from US secretary of state The future of Saudi-Lebanese relations Charity corners in malls NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply February 2017 S M T W T F S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   STAY CONNECTED 1,548,635FansLike 42,535FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Crown Prince honored with US medal for combating terror Feb 11, 2017 Public health time bomb: Illegal street vendors Feb 11, 2017 Nobel Quest Feb 11, 2017 New media: Does it pose a threat to children? Feb 11, 2017 Experiencing e-shopping Feb 11, 2017 Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI

Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Mac malware, possibly made in Iran, targets US defense industry Mac malware, possibly made in Iran, targets US defense industry The malware has also been found targeting a human rights activist Michael Kan (IDG News Service) 08 February, 2017 07:30 - - - - print email Comments Just because you’re using a Mac doesn’t mean you’re safe from hackers. That’s what two security researchers are warning, after finding a Mac-based malware that may be an attempt by Iranian hackers to target the U.S. defense industry. The malware, called MacDownloader, was found on a website impersonating the U.S. aerospace firm United Technologies, according to a report from Claudio Guarnieri and Collin Anderson, who are researching Iranian cyberespionage threats. The fake site was previously used in a spear phishing email attack to spread Windows malware and is believed to be maintained by Iranian hackers, the researchers claimed. Visitors to the site are greeted with a page about free programs and courses for employees of U.S. defense companies Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, and Boeing. The malware itself can be downloaded from an Adobe Flash installer for a video embedded in the site. The website will provide either Windows or Mac-based malware, depending on the detected operating system. Iran Threats A screenshot of the fake site.  The MacDownloader malware was designed to profile the victim's computer, and then steal credentials by generating fake system login boxes and harvesting them from Apple's password management system, Keychain. However, the malware is of shoddy quality and is "potentially a first attempt from an amateur developer," the researchers said. For instance, once the malware is installed, it'll generate a fake Adobe Flash Player dialog box, only to then announce adware was discovered on the computer that it'll attempt to clean up. "These dialogues are also rife with basic typos and grammatical errors, indicating that the developer paid little attention to quality control," the researchers said. In addition, the malware failed to run a script to download additional malicious coding onto the infected Mac.   But despite the shoddy quality, the malware still managed to evade detection on VirusTotal, which aggregates antivirus scanning engines. The researchers found other circumstantial evidence that the malware is linked to Iran. An exposed server that the MacDownloader agent uploaded to showed wireless networks called "Jok3r" and "mb_1986." Both of these names have ties to previous Iranian hacking groups, including one known as Flying Kitten, which is suspected of targeting U.S. defense contractors and political dissidents. In an email, Anderson said a colleague of theirs also observed MacDownloader targeting a human rights activist. The danger is that many human rights supporters, especially in Iran, are dependent on Apple devices, the researchers said. "While this [malware] is neither sophisticated nor full-featured, its sudden appearance is concerning given the popularity of Apple computers," they wrote in their report. Mac malware is fairly rare, according to security researchers. That's because hackers tend to attack Windows-based devices, because of their popularity. However, Mac-based malware is still popping up here and there. Last month, researchers found another kind designed to spy on biomedical research centers. A separate Mac-based Trojan was found months earlier, targeting the aerospace industry.  6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AdobeAppleLockheed Martin Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Group Director Information Services WA Digital Communications Manager NSW Change Manager ACT Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Business Project Manager Integration NSW Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD Senior Network Administrator NSW Front End Web Developer QLD Business Process Analyst (Newcaslte Based) NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft Australia posts $55.9M profit amid top-tier changes ​Fiber Corp execs lash NBN ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:43pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Energy stocks slide with oil By Margreet Dietz 8:29 AM Wednesday Feb 8, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets A decline in energy stocks weighed on Wall Street, while investors digested comments about the potential for an interest rate increase next month. A decline in energy stocks weighed on Wall Street, while investors digested comments from US Federal Reserve officials about the potential for an interest rate increase next month. Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said he could support a hike at the Federal Open Market Committee's next two-day meeting in March. "I think March is on the table. I would never take a meeting off the table," Harker told reporters after a speech in San Diego, according to the Wall Street Journal. Meanwhile, Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari wrote an essay, posted on the bank's website, about his decision at last week's FOMC meeting to vote in favour of keeping interest rates unchanged. "We are still coming up somewhat short on our inflation mandate, and we may not have yet reached maximum employment," Kashkari said. "That suggests that somewhat accommodative monetary policy would still be appropriate to close those gaps." Wall Street was mixed. In 1.25pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.2 per cent while the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.1 per cent. In 1.10pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 0.06 per cent. In the Dow, advances in shares of Boeing and those of Apple, which recently traded 1.5 per cent and 1.1 per cent higher respectively, outweighed declines in shares of Chevron and those of Exxon Mobil, recently down 1.6 per cent and 1 per cent respectively. Energy stocks followed the price of oil lower, with crude falling below US$52 a barrel. While concern about the impact of US President Donald Trump's controversial start in office is weighing on equity markets, the outlook for corporate profits and the economy remains positive. Continued below. Related Content Rodney Hide: Trump trumps naysayers Your views: Readers letters' Diana Clement: KiwiSaver break really not as good as it sounds "We've been getting some back and forth between the new administration's business-friendly policies versus the disruptions economically and politically from the immigration and trade-related issues," Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede in Philadelphia, told Reuters. "However, at the end of the day, the expansion is continuing, the economy and earnings are growing and that should support equities," Pride noted. A Commerce Department report showed the US trade deficit narrowed 3.2 per cent to a seasonally adjusted US$44.26 billion in December from the previous month. Protectionist policies, as championed by Trump, won't get rid of the deficit, some warned. "When an economy is at full employment, an acceleration in demand tends to be accompanied by a pickup in import growth and a wider trade deficit," John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York, told Reuters. "The US simply does not have enough spare labour and capacity at any exchange rate to close the deficit, which will likely widen in 2017 and 2018." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the session with a 0.3 per cent advance from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.2 per cent, while Germany's DAX Index gained 0.3 per cent. France's CAC 40 Index slid 0.5 per cent. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion True Commercial Freeman's Bay site has development plans An industrial property on the fringe of Auckland's central business district has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 11 Feb 2017 22:43:35 Processing Time: 873ms
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close off session highs as energy weighs on market CNBC Fred Imbert 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Rally built on rotation CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT Stocks closed off their session highs Tuesday as energy capped gains while investors focused on a slew of corporate earnings reports. The S&P 500 ended flat, with energy falling more than 1 percent to lead decliners. Crude futures for March delivery fell 1.58 percent to settle at $52.17 per barrel amid concerns of higher U.S. shale production. Quotes in the article Michael Kors Holdings Ltd KORS ▲ 38.38 +0.11 +0.29% Mondelez International Inc MDLZ ▲ 44.99 +0.29 +0.65% Zillow Group Inc ZG ▲ 34.09 +0.31 +0.92% General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.17 +0.09 +0.26% AdChoices "Today, as opposed to two years ago, we're looking at a commodity that's not in short supply. That makes it a lot less of a long-term investment," said Maris Ogg, the president at Tower Bridge Advisors. "This is really like a growth company that fesses up that it can't grow anymore." The Dow briefly rose more than 100 points, hitting a record high, before ended 37 points higher, with Boeing contributing the most gains.  "I think the market trading today is sort of indicative of people confused by everything that's going on or investors squaring positions ahead of something," said Mark Luschini, a chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott. "I don't think it's necessarily bad, ... but the market is in search of a catalyst to go higher." The Nasdaq composite reached a new all-time high, gaining 0.19 percent. General Motors, Archer Daniels Midland and Michael Kors were among the companies that reported before the bell. Disney, Gilead Sciences, Mondelez, Pioneer Natural Resources and Zillow are among many other companies due to report after the market close. "We are having a pretty good earnings season. That's really [supporting] the market here," said Lisa Kopp, head of traditional investments at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "We see a generally higher trend for stocks, but with some volatility, for 2017." Calendar fourth-quarter earnings have mostly surprised analysts, with more than 65 percent of firms reporting better-than-expected earnings, according to data from The Earnings Scout. "We've come into a period of time where we see fundamentals and earnings improve and you have to juxtapose that with everything that's going on in Washington," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "Let's put this on a percentage basis: 50 percent of this move has been on the promise of tax cuts and deregulation, ... but a lot of this stuff has to come to fruition." Stocks rallied sharply after President Donald Trump won the U.S. election, amid higher prospects of corporate tax cuts, deregulation and government spending. The major U.S. indexes have recently held around all-time highs as investors await for more details on the administration's policies. "I keep coming back to this, and that is we've moved 180 degrees to a business friendly environment in Washington," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Baird. "A lot of people miss the fact that this is such a huge reversal from even the past 16 years." In economic news, the U.S. trade deficit last year reached its highest level since 2012. For the whole year, the deficit rose 0.4 percent to $502.3 billion, the Commerce Department said. Other data released include the job openings and labor turnover survey, which showed job openings in the U.S. totaled 5.501 million at the end of December. U.S. Treasury yields traded mixed on Tuesday after Philadelphia Federal Reserve president Patrick Harker said a March rate hike should be on the table. The benchmark 10-year note yield held near 2.38 percent, while the short-term two-year note yield traded around 1.14 percent. "Regardless of what Harker thinks we know that it really only matters what Yellen, Fischer and Dudley think," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group. "As it's clear that the Fed only likes to raise rates on days where there is a press conference and they are scheduled for 4 this year at the same time they want to hike 3 times, they better get moving then. We still are calling for a March hike but the fed funds futures market barely blinked after Harker," Boockvar said in a note. Overseas, European equities traded mostly higher, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index rising 0.32 percent. In Asia, stocks traded mostly lower, with the Shanghai composite falling 0.12 percent and the Nikkei 225 dropping 0.32 percent. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 345 million and a composite volume of 1.688 billion in afternoon trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.5. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments200+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions Washington Lt. Gov.: Trump’s travel ban would have blocked my parents from moving here The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Cyrus Habib speaks during a committee hearing in Olympia, Wash., in Feb. 2013. (Elaine Thompson/Associated Press) By Cyrus Habib By Cyrus Habib February 7 Cyrus Habib is Washington state’s lieutenant governor. President Trump’s recent executive order denying entry to refugees as well as immigrants and visitors from seven majority-Muslim countries has disrupted the lives of thousands of people here and abroad. I can relate to what those families are going through. Two decades ago, my family would have been one of them. My father came to the United States from Iran on a student visa in 1970 to attend the University of Washington. He obtained bachelor’s and master’s degrees there, became a civil engineer and worked for Boeing until cancer claimed his life last year. He was a green-card holder until he became a citizen in the mid-’90s. My mother, also from Iran, came to the United States in 1980 on a visa, earning her law degree and becoming a citizen later that decade. Like millions of other Middle Easterners, they were drawn here by our country’s promise of equal opportunity for those who work hard and play by the rules. Neither of my parents would have been able to immigrate to the United States under Trump’s executive order. Nor would my Iranian grandmother have been able to visit us here in 1987, when I was receiving treatment for the cancer that would soon after take my eyesight. The contributions my father made to our country’s leading aerospace manufacturer, the work my mother performs daily to administer justice as a Superior Court judge in King County, Wash., and the opportunity I had to see my grandmother’s face before becoming blind — these are all part of my family’s story. Our story, along with those of countless other immigrants and refugees, is an essential part of what truly makes America great, then and now. After I lost my eyesight, my parents, in American fashion, pledged never to let my disability limit my dreams. Their confidence and support allowed me to go from Braille to Yale, and eventually to my current job as Washington state’s lieutenant governor. It’s a tale that can only be told in this country, where hard-working and brave people of every religion, race and national origin come to contribute and flourish. Today, millions of immigrants from majority-Muslim countries do just that. They are teachers and truckers, soldiers and surgeons, entrepreneurs and executives. Of the fatal terrorist attacks committed in the United States since 9/11, not a single one was committed by immigrants from the seven countries singled out by Trump’s executive order. And yet, students, researchers, artists and scientists from these countries are being treated differently than their peers from non-majority-Muslim countries. These individuals and families, unlike mine, would now be denied the opportunity to bring their talent and tenacity to this country, or, once here, would be cut off from their relatives overseas. On Friday, a federal judge halted the executive order after our state attorney general demonstrated that it presented a unique threat to the state’s economy and institutions — drawing on testimony from state universities and Washington-headquartered companies. I’m proud of Attorney General Bob Ferguson for bringing this lawsuit and winning the first round of the legal battle. By taking the Trump administration to court, we in Washington state are leading the country away from actions that would irreparably damage America’s economy and reputation as a bastion of inclusion. I applaud the 15 states that have signed on to our lawsuit in advance of Tuesday’s appellate hearing, and I urge other state attorneys general to join us in challenging this un-American executive order. I also ask members of Congress, each of whom represents many immigrants, to take immediate action to correct this wrong. They should demonstrate a fraction of the courage it takes for a Syrian refugee to escape their war-torn homeland, and act to reverse this brazen act of presidential overreach. In so doing, they will allow stories like mine to unfold for other deserving families. And they will benefit our state and our nation by demonstrating that the United States remains not only the land of the free, but also the home of the brave. Ultimately, this is bigger than courts or Congress. This moment calls for a collective commitment to the importance of inclusion. That’s a lesson I learned early on as a three-time cancer-surviving, fully blind Iranian American from a mixed-religion, immigrant family. And it’s a lesson President Trump must learn if he wants to understand what truly makes America great. Read more here: Eugene Robinson: Trump’s travel ban isn’t about making America safe. It’s about kicking Muslims around. David B. Rivkin Jr., Karen Tumlin and James Downie: Is President Trump’s executive order constitutional? Michael Gerson: Trump’s half-baked travel ban is a picture of American shame Hadi Ghaemi: Trump’s travel ban is a gift to Iran’s rulers opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 200+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 242 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion The travel moratorium: A hopeless disaster 2 Opinion In Congress, Republicans are quiet and meek as mice 3 Opinion The 9th Circuit deals a blow to the imperial — and incompetent — president 4 The 9th Circuit’s dangerous and unprecedented use of campaign statements to block presidential policy 5 Opinion Trump is trying to compare himself to Andrew Jackson. Wrong Andrew. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Four stocks are responsible for almost all the Dow's gains in 2017 Fred Imbert | @foimbert Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 2:12 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading Nation: Apple surges to 2-year high    Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 2:45 PM ET | 02:22 The Dow Jones industrial average is off to a solid start in 2017 thanks in large part to just four of its 30 components. Shares of Apple, IBM, Boeing and Visa accounted for 98 percent of the Dow's gains year to date. Apple's stock alone accounted for nearly a third of the index's gains. "With Apple and IBM, you have to figure they got too cheap," said Maris Ogg, president at Tower Bridge Advisors. "When you have a market this expensive, people go out looking for bargains." The Dow outperformed the S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite in 2016, lifted by a massive post-U.S. election rally. Shares of Goldman Sachs, UnitedHealth Group, IBM and 3M provided the largest points contributions on the Dow last year. They accounted for 46 percent of the Dow's 2016 gains. The Dow is up around 1.6 percent in 2017, having hit a record high earlier in the session. — CNBC's Chris Hayes contributed to this report. Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS February 11, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Wall Street higher on rosier earnings reports The Commerce Department also reported earlier Tuesday that the US trade deficit had narrowed just over three per cent in December Published: 19:52 February 7, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE NEW YORK: Wall Street moved higher in early trading Tuesday, with the Dow and Nasdaq indices hitting intraday all-time highs. Investors are reviewing mostly upbeat earnings reports as the day’s trading gets underway. The Commerce Department also reported earlier Tuesday that the US trade deficit had narrowed just over three per cent in December, with strong showings in some export sectors. About 40 minutes into the day’s trading, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaq were both up 0.4 per cent to 20,134.25 and 5,683.65 respectively. The broader S&P 500 was itself also flirting with another all-time high, up 0.3 per cent at 2,298.52. The rosier open suggested major US indices may resume their recent upward trend after moving mostly sideways around the start of the month. Among the Dow’s major gainers, Boeing was up 1.74 per cent while IBM and Apple both added about 1 per cent. However shares in GM were down more than four per cent, with investors fretting over higher costs despite solid sales and the optimistic outlook for 2017. Shares in oil super-majors Chevron and Exxon Mobil were suffering, however, with prices down 0.6 per cent and 0.4 per cent respectively. Currency The increasingly unpredictable French presidential election race unnerved European financial markets on Tuesday, tipping the euro towards its biggest fall this year and driving investors away from French government bonds. The premium investors demand for buying French 10-year government bonds over German 10-year bonds rose to 78 basis points, the highest level since November 2012 before easing back a bit. It was 50 basis points only two weeks ago. The dollar recovered from earlier losses to register its biggest gain of 2017 against a basket of major currencies, jumping against the offshore Chinese yuan after Beijing’s foreign exchange reserves fell below $3 trillion for the first time in six years. More from Markets Oil holds gains as Opec cuts seen shrinking glut Buyers look past naira fix to Eurobond issue T. Rowe stock manager ignores Trump mania Trump tax cut talk, Chinese data spur risk rally Citigroup forecasts more market growth Iron ore powers back to $100 Oil prices jump more than 1% on Friday Russians come in from cold tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNApple follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNApple follow this tag on MGN+ MGNsp 500nasdaq Also In MarketsOil holds gains as Opec cuts seen shrinking glut Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Countering financial crime is a top priority 02Banks help UAE indices to bounce back 03Emaar powers Dubai index to best performance Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-02-11 11:30:37 Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 2017 UAE holidays Watch: Emirates plane 'chases' Lamborghini Man arrested for filming women in Sharjah 88,770 faulty iPhone 6s batteries in UAE Close Recommended For You Hedge funds head back into government bondsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 ETF buyers join funds in metals frenzyPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
About Advertise Partners MenuHome Headlines Entertainment -Music -Movies -Television -Books Week In Photos -Entertainment Photos -Lifestyle -National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. -People -Press Releases Home Headlines Entertainment Music Movies Television Books Week In Photos Entertainment Photos Lifestyle National News Health Business Sports Tech Misc. People Press Releases Home / Headlines / 22-Year-Old MIT Student Makes History as NASA Engineer 22-Year-Old MIT Student Makes History as NASA Engineer By Amanda Rey on February 7, 2017 Tweet Pin It Talk about #BlackGirlMagic! Meet Tiera Guinn, a 22–year-old student from MIT that is making history and carving her path as an innovator in the new generation. Guinn, who is still in school and currently maintains a 5.0 GPA, is already working as a Rocket Structural Design and Analysis Engineer for the Space Launch System that Boeing is building for NASA. Her story will certainly call to mind the story in the recent hit movie Hidden Figures, one that Tiera says inspires her. “You should see a black woman as rocket propulsion engineers, as rocket structural and analysis and design engineers. You should see more women in CEO positions,” she said of wanting to see more diversity in her field, according to Vibe. Since a young age, Tiera has always been a mathematician saying “When [my mom and I] would go to the grocery store, she would get me to clip coupons [and] put it in my coupon organizer,” she described to Alabama news station, WBRC. “By the time we got to the register, I’d have to calculate the exact total, including tax. And I did that since I was six years old.” The brilliant mind is currently designing the “largest and most powerful” rocket in history. “I design components for the rockets themselves and then I analyze them to make sure they’re structurally sound,” she explained to the news station. According to Essence, Guinn has plenty of advice to offer young women who are also chasing their dreams. “You have to look forward to your dream and you can’t let anybody get in the way of it,” she says, “No matter how tough it may be, no matter how many tears you might cry, you have to keep pushing. And you have to understand that nothing comes easy.” Photo Credit: WBRC/Screenshot Related ItemsHidden FiguresNASATiera Guinn Tweet Pin It ← Previous Story New England Patriots Take Home Super Bowl LI Win Next Story → Patriots’ Martellus Bennett Skips White House Trip After Historic Super Bowl Win You may also like... ‘Moonlight,’ ‘Hidden Figures,’ and ‘Fences’ Nab 2017 Oscar Nominations ‘Hidden Figures’ Stars Celebrate Film’s Opening Weekend Success NASA Sending First African-American Astronaut to International Space Station You must be logged in to post a comment Login Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Latest By Amanda Rey Solange Chats About ‘A Seat at the Table’ and More in ‘Elle’ Gracing the cover of ELLE Magazine’s latest issue, Solange opens up about the creation of her critically acclaimed album A Seat at the Table and more. In a sneak... Jasmine Ginyard | February 10, 2017 A Jodeci Biopic Could Be Heading to VH1 Jasmine Ginyard | February 10, 2017 ‘Underground’ Extended Trailer Offers Intense Look at Season 2 Jasmine Ginyard | February 10, 2017 Napster and Spotify Confirm Prince Albums Will Stream on Services Advertisement Popular Latest Comments Staff Contributor | January 5, 2012 The Estate of Michael Jackson Plans Grauman’s Chinese Theatre Hand & Footprint Ceremony Staff Contributor | October 4, 2013 Steve Harvey’s Shocking Revelation About Being Homeless Meredith Seay | June 26, 2014 Anthony Mackie Joins Cast of ‘The Avengers: Age of Ultron’ Amanda Rey | February 10, 2017 Solange Chats About ‘A Seat at the Table’ and More in ‘Elle’ Jasmine Ginyard | February 10, 2017 A Jodeci Biopic Could Be Heading to VH1 Jasmine Ginyard | February 10, 2017 ‘Underground’ Extended Trailer Offers Intense Look at Season 2 renelew says: Thank you for your lovely tribute to my daugh... 100%bitch124 says: love her, hope it smell good she rules for me... jason true aaliyah fan says: maybe zendaya's father didn't want to be invo... Advertisement Around The Web Loading... About UrbanMecca Established in 1997, UrbanMecca.com (Formally known as BlackWeb.net) is a news magazine focusing on black news and African American Interest news of all types. Tags music television Movies featured legal sports Business Beyonce health couples hip hop charity politics Obama Jay-Z education Kanye West Rihanna Oprah Winfrey Michael Jackson black history racism Nicki Minaj Chris Brown Michelle Obama books Drake technology fashion local civil rights Lil Wayne Usher Alicia Keys Kevin Hart Will Smith 50 Cent T.I. Kerry Washington Tyler Perry Copyright © 2015 UrbanMecca.com About Advertise Partners
Aerospace manufacturer Heroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs | CTV Kitchener News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Kitchener Search X News Video Weather Sports Guelph More Connect MyNews Local Sections Latest Weather Local Sports News at Noon Guests Guelph News Shows CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Features Financial Fix Local Hero Made Right Here On the Roster LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Features In Pictures Investigates Info Lotto Results Local Contests Links & Numbers Community We're Involved Who's Playing Community Calendar The Pledge Sections Contact Us Bios Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Medication mix-ups and more at Caressant Care Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Man pleads guilty to manslaughter in wife’s death Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Innerkip man opts for assisted death in Europe Air Date: February 10, 2017 false How could LRT get to Cambridge, and for how much? Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Police pay during suspensions under the microscope Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Price tag for snow storage facility could go up Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Searchers find signs of slippery snake at U of G Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Donations pour in to replace money from stolen jar Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Weekend forecast: Temperatures on the rise Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Log home destroyed by fire; dog and cat killed Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Arrest made in Kitchener sexual assault Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Where's the snake? 60-cm ball python missing Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Flu vaccine 42% effective this year Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Family 'disgusted' by theft of donation jar Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Battling to become Waterloo Region's Iron Chef Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Python on the loose at University of Guelph Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Freezing Rain possible overnight Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Bullying surfaces in form of book at high school Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Cyclist cutting across the 401 caught on camera Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Funeral selfies: Morbid mementos, or perfectly acceptable? Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Suspect steals money raised for girl with cancer Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Historic hotel to transform into innovation hub Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Fergus Truck Show comes to halt Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Stratford businesses struggle during construction Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Owners say weather forced business to close Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Snow could make for hazardous driving Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Baby food recall expanded Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Waterloo sporting goods store to close doors Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Cyclist on Canada's busiest highway Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Donation jar for child with Leukemia stolen Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Northdale's population up 147% in 5 years Air Date: February 8, 2017 false Katie Star Herron dies of leukemia at age 7 Air Date: February 8, 2017 false Cambridge's parks, pools and arenas set to reopen Air Date: February 8, 2017 false Police chief calls for action on sex assault probes Air Date: February 8, 2017 false Fight prompts assault charges for college students Air Date: February 8, 2017 false Varied backgrounds, but same passion for youth choir Air Date: February 8, 2017 Aerospace manufacturer Heroux-Devtek to cut 90 jobs West Heights Manufacturing, a site of Heroux Devtek Landing Gear division. June 3, 2016 The Canadian Press Published Tuesday, February 7, 2017 10:34AM EST Heroux-Devtek Inc. says it will be cutting 90 employees from its workforce by the end of 2017 because some customers have announced reductions to the production rates for certain aircraft programs. The announcement by the Montreal-area aerospace company (TSX:HRX), which makes landing gear for Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft manufacturers, was included with Heroux-Devtek's third-quarter financial results issued Tuesday. Heroux-Devtek said the job cuts would be throughout its offices and plants but didn't provide any other details. According to regulatory documents filed last year, the company employed about 1,400 people in Canada and the United States. Its head office is in Longueuil, Que., a suburb of Montreal. The company estimated the workforce reduction will result in a $4.8 million expense to be recorded in the company's 2017 fiscal fourth quarter, which ends March 31. In its third quarter ended Dec. 31, Heroux-Devtek had $98.5 million of sales, up from $96.6 million a year earlier. Net income rose to $8.2 million or 23 cents per share, from $7 million or 19 cents per share. On an adjusted basis, Heroux-Devtek earned $6 million or 17 cents per share in the third quarter, down from $7.0 million or 19 cents per share. Related Stories Kitchener factory to benefit from Heroux-Devtek contract extension MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Friday, February 10, 2017 Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Innerkip man opts for assisted death in Europe Air Date: February 10, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Friday, February 10, 2017 Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Man pleads guilty to manslaughter in wife’s death Air Date: February 10, 2017 false How the LRT line could be expanded into Cambridge Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Log home destroyed by fire; dog and cat killed Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Medication mix-ups and more at Caressant Care Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Searchers find signs of slippery snake at U of G Air Date: February 10, 2017 false Taking selfies with deceased loved ones Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Bullying surfaces in form of book at high school Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Wolves and Rangers prepare for local showdown Air Date: February 9, 2017 false Suspect steals money raised for girl with cancer Air Date: February 9, 2017 More stories from CTV Kitchener 84 year old pleads guilty to killing wife for ‘tormenting him’ Oxford County man looks overseas to die with dignity Woodstock Caressant Care home cited for dozens of 'medication incidents' Community rallies to raise funds for girl with cancer after donation jar stolen Preferred route for LRT extension to Cambridge revealed Suspicious fires in Wellington County prompt multijurisdictional investigations Kitchener Weather Change city -5 °CVariably cloudy Connect with CTV Kitchener Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Lawyers, experts surprised at Li’s absolute discharge false Extreme weather empties Canadian towns of residents false Trudeau faces tough critics, questions in Yellowknife false Trump promises strong security measures despite court block CTV National News for Feb. 10: Absolute discharge granted Advertisement Most popular stories 1 Woman sexually assaulted behind Kitchener high school 1 2 12 year old sexually assaulted by man she met online: police 3 Bullying takes on form of ‘burn book’ at Waterloo-Oxford high school 1 4 Preferred route for LRT extension to Cambridge revealed 5 Skin and urine found, but escaped ball python eludes searchers 2 6 84 year old pleads guilty to killing wife for ‘tormenting him’ 1 7 7-year-old Katie Star Herron dies after battle with cancer 1 8 Oxford County man looks overseas to die with dignity 1 9 Woodstock Caressant Care home cited for dozens of 'medication incidents' 10 Search on for missing ball python at U of G 2 Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:29 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Dollar jumps on rate bets, US stocks at records Tuesday February 7, 2017 11:24 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Bloomberg’s dollar gauge rose the most in almost two weeks after a Fed official indicated interest rates may rise as soon as March. — Reuters picLONDON, Feb 7 — The dollar strengthened against all of its major peers, Treasuries weakened and US stocks churned to fresh all-time highs as investors speculate the Trump administration will revert attention to implementing pro-growth policies as the Federal Reserve hints at rate hikes. Caterpillar Inc and Boeing Co led the Dow Jones Industrial Average to a record, while bank shares lifted the S&P 500 Index. Bloomberg’s dollar gauge rose the most in almost two weeks after a Fed official indicated interest rates may rise as soon as March.  Emerging-market assets slipped, gold fluctuated near its highest level since November, and crude fell toward US$52 (RM230.67) a barrel. After Trump spent the first weeks of his tenure in the White House taking swipes at other countries’ trading policies — pushing the dollar to a two-month low — investors are still holding out hope he will turn toward the spending and tax cuts he touted in his campaign. Across the Atlantic, political risk is pressuring the euro after French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen laid out a manifesto that included taking the country out of the common currency. “The dollar will go higher from here,” said Adam Cole, head of global foreign-exchange strategy in London at Royal Bank of Canada. “On balance Trump’s policies are dollar positive and that will win over the rhetoric.” What’s coming up in the markets Trump’s administration returns to court today to defend his executive order banning some Muslim travellers from the US, arguing the president has broad authority to head off threats to the country. In the UK, a report due Friday may show industrial activity moderated. Scotland is taking its protest against Brexit to the next level with lawmakers in Edinburgh voting on whether to trigger the mechanism to leave the European Union. But the vote today can’t stop Britain or even Scotland leaving the EU. Stocks The S&P 500 added 0.3 per cent to 2,298.89 at 9:49am in New York. The Dow topped 20,140 for a fresh intraday high. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index climbed 0.6 per cent, led by a 1.2 per cent gain in the property sector. Banking and oil and gas shares retreated for a second day after BNP Paribas and BP posted profits that missed estimates. Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose 0.5 per cent for a second day of gains. The yen weakened back above 112 per dollar after falling below that level yesterday. The euro dropped 0.7 per cent to US$1.0674. The British pound retreated 0.9 per cent to a two-week low of US$1.2363. Bonds Yields on 10-year Treasuries rose two basis points to 2.42 per cent after the biggest drop in more than two weeks in the previous session. China’s foreign-currency reserves edged just below US$3 trillion in January, falling to the lowest since early 2011 after the yuan capped its steepest annual decline in two decades. Greece’s two-year note yields climbed to 9.52 per cent as a quarrel between the nation’s creditors over its fiscal targets boosted concern it is running out of time to complete yet another review of its bailout programme. Commodities Oil dropped 0.6 per cent to US$52.11 a barrel after falling 1.5 per cent yesterday before US government data forecast to show US crude stockpiles expanded for a fifth week. Statoil ASA said it would make another US$1 billion of cost cuts this year after posting a surprise loss, while BP Plc said it still needs to borrow money to cover spending and dividends at current oil prices. Gold slipped 0.4 per cent after advancing for three straight days to the highest level since November. Futures fell 0.1 per cent to US$1,231.40 an ounce. Nickel dropped from highest in more than three weeks amid uncertainty about Philippine supply. Industrial metals come under pressure in London from the stronger dollar. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 30m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 5h 32m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 54m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 6h 12m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 6h 34m ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 50m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 7h 5m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 7h 29m ago view all   Lobbying’s top 50: Who’s spending big By Megan R. Wilson - 02/07/17 06:00 AM EST 98   © Getty Images Fifty companies and industry groups shelled out more than $716 million to lobby the federal government and Congress last year, according to data provided to The Hill by the Center for Responsive Politics. The eye-popping total represents nearly a quarter of all federal lobbying dollars in 2016 and a slight increase over 2015, when the 50 biggest spenders doled out $715 million. ADVERTISEMENT The five biggest spenders in lobbying last year, in descending order, were the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Realtors, Blue Cross Blue Shield, the American Hospital Association and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America. Rounding out the top 10 were the American Medical Association, Boeing, the National Association of Broadcasters, AT&T and Business Roundtable. Influencing the government has become a multibillion-dollar business, with companies and trade associations hiring lobbyists and attorneys to push their agenda and shape policymaking. Anger at lobbyists and special interests was a focal point of the presidential campaign, most famously expressed in President Trump’s promise to “drain the swamp” in Washington. Trump has signed an executive order seeking to slow down the “revolving door” between administration jobs and the private sector, but few expect the deluge of lobbying to slow down under the new administration. “Everyone across the board believe there’s going to be lots of activity in Washington,” Marc Lampkin, the managing partner of the Washington office at law and lobby firm Brownstein Hyatt -Farber Schreck, told The Hill last month. “Corporate America has been seeking relief from the overreach of the Obama administration, so there will be activity on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue,” added Lampkin, a former aide to former Speaker John BoehnerJohn BoehnerObamas sign with agency for speaking gigs Hispanic Dems want Mexican president to address Congress Lobbying’s top 50: Who’s spending big MORE (R-Ohio). Some of the companies and groups that boosted their lobbying spending last year did so in response to major legislative and regulatory fights. Dow Chemical, which is seeking to merge with DuPont, boosted its advocacy spending by 26 percent, to $13.6 million. Other companies that increased their spending included Prudential Financial, which paid lobbyists $9.4 million in 2016, an 18 percent increase over 2015; AbbVie which spent 39 percent more on lobbying; and T-Mobile, which spent $8,089,900, an increase of 32 percent. Amazon significantly expanded its footprint in Washington last year. The company spent $11.4 million on advocacy, a 20 percent increase. Some of the increases in advocacy spending were driven by the 2016 election. The two groups that spent the most, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Realtors, included all political spending in their lobbying reports, which includes things like campaign advertising. Most entities do not report election activities in their total. The Chamber’s spending totaled close to $104 million, while the Realtors spent almost $65 million. Other companies and business groups dialed back their lobbying spending last year, in part due to the lack of legislative activity on Capitol Hill. The National Association of Manufacturers spent $16.9 million on lobbying in 2015 as it pushed for passage of a sweeping Pacific Rim trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration. With that push stalled last year, the group trimmed its lobbying spending to $8.5 million, a nearly 50 percent drop. One industry expert told The Hill that corporations are cutting back on the amount of dues they’re paying to large trade groups and trade associations, choosing instead to target their spending. Many companies refused to comment about their advocacy on the record. Year-to-year comparisons between the 50 largest lobbying spenders are imprecise, because different companies and groups come off and on the list each year. Twenty-nine of the organizations on the top 50 spenders list for 2015 cut back their lobbying budgets in 2016, while seven companies and trade associations fell off the roster entirely.  The American Petroleum Institute, Qualcomm, America’s Health Insurance Plans and George Soros’s Open Society Policy Center all slashed spending on advocacy in 2016. The Grocery Manufacturers Association, which scored a win on a GMO labeling law midway through 2016, reduced its advocacy 44 percent from the year before, spending $4.7 million. But the biggest drops on the list came from CVS Health and General Electric. CVS’s lobbying total plummeted 60 percent, to $6 million, in part because of how the company reported its figures. Last year, CVS only included federal lobbying in its advocacy total. The year prior, the company had included both state and federal lobbying in the total, according to a company spokeswoman.  GE, which was the sixth-biggest lobbying spender during 2015, plunged to No. 53 in 2016.  Meanwhile, AARP, Bayer, T-Mobile, American Airlines, Chevron, AbbVie and the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers jumped onto the list — with AbbVie, which ranked 88th in spending in 2015, hitting the No. 50 spot last year. T-Mobile climbed to No. 42 from No. 66 in 2015.   — This post was updated at 10 a.m.   Top 50 Lobbying Spenders of 2016  Client 2016 Spending 2015 Spending 2015 Rank U.S. Chamber of Commerce $103,950,000 $84,730,000 1 National Association of Realtors $64,821,111 $37,788,407 2 Blue Cross Blue Shield $25,006,109 $23,702,049 3 American Hospital Association $20,970,809 $20,687,935 7 Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America $19,730,000 $18,920,000 9 American Medical Association $19,410,000 $21,930,000 4 Boeing $17,020,000 $21,921,000 5 National Association of Broadcasters $16,438,000 $17,400,000 10 AT&T $16,370,000 $16,370,000 13 Business Roundtable $15,700,000 $19,250,000 8 Alphabet $15,430,000 $16,660,000 12 Comcast $14,330,000 $15,680,000 14 Southern Co. $13,900,000 $12,860,000 18 Dow Chemical $13,635,982 $10,820,000 26 Lockheed Martin $13,615,811 $13,954,053 17 NCTA - The Internet and Telephone Assoc. $13,420,000 $14,120,000 16 FedEx $12,541,000 $12,405,835 20 Northrop Grumman $12,050,000 $11,020,000 24 Exxon Mobil $11,840,000 $11,980,000 21 Amazon $11,354,000 $9,435,000 34 CTIA $10,970,000 $10,150,000 29 General Dynamics $10,739,944 $10,259,890 28 Verizon Communications $10,080,000 $11,430,000 23 Altria Group $10,060,000 $9,630,000 32 Amgen $9,860,000 $10,525,000 27 Koch Industries $9,840,000 $10,830,000 25 American Bankers Association $9,831,000 $12,690,000 19 Pfizer $9,750,000 $9,417,650 35 Prudential Financial $9,400,000 $7,962,500 47 Biotechnology Innovation Organization $9,230,000 $8,350,000 42 United Technologies $9,165,000 $11,470,000 22 American Chemistry Council $9,020,000 $10,050,000 30 Royal Dutch Shell $8,990,000 $8,700,000 37 AARP $8,710,000 $7,559,000 54 Microsoft $8,710,000 $8,490,000 39 Facebook $8,692,000 $9,850,000 31 Edison Electric Institute $8,620,000 $8,350,000 42 Oracle $8,620,000 $8,470,000 40 General Motors $8,500,000 $9,120,000 36 National Association of Manufacturers $8,490,014 $16,950,000 11 National Amusements (CBS & Viacom) $8,441,000 $7,980,000 46 T-Mobile $8,089,900 $6,127,000 66 Bayer $7,990,000 $7,730,000 51 Coca-Cola $7,930,000 $8,670,000 38 American Airlines $7,870,000 $6,600,000 61 United Parcel Service $7,767,848 $8,155,856 45 Chevron $7,470,000 $7,200,000 56 Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers $7,452,500 $7,640,000 53 Securities Industry & Financial Market Assoc. $7,400,000 $7,770,000 50 AbbVie $7,260,000 $5,220,000 88 Data provided to The Hill by the Center for Responsive Politics, opensecrets.org   Tags John Boehner, Boehner   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 287 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 226 Shares 3 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 142 Shares 4 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 130 Shares 5 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 114 Shares 6 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 114 Shares 7 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 95 Shares 8 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 95 Shares 9 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 81 Shares 10 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 11 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 68 Shares 12 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 67 Shares 13 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 66 Shares 14 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 65 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 59 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 58 Shares 17 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 53 Shares 18 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 51 Shares 19 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 49 Shares 20 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 47 Shares 21 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 44 Shares 22 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 23 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 24 Baldwin, Fallon break out dueling... Jimmy Fallon and Alec Baldwin are going head-to-head — or Trump-to-Trump... 41 Shares 25 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 40 Shares 26 Social media users parody Trump's... Social media users were quick to play with President Trump's defiant tweet... 40 Shares 27 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 39 Shares 28 Trump brings big change to climate... President Trump and the GOP-controlled Congress are working to undo... 36 Shares 29 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 35 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Search My Account Help Log In Search Close More Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist Growth Stock Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society InvestingDaily.com Homepage Free Reports Investing Topics Investing Experts Account Information My Account Manage all your subscriptions, update your address, email preferences and change your password. Help Center Get answers to common service questions, ask the analyst or contact our customer service department. My Stock Talk Profile Update your stock talk name and/or picture. Close Home Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist Growth Stock Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society Free E-Letters The Energy Letter Income without Borders Mind Over Markets Stocks to Watch Investing Topics Pacific Basin Economy Canadian Income Stocks Commodities Stocks Dividend Investing DRIP Investing Center Emerging Markets ETF Investing Growth Stocks Energy Stocks Alternative Energy Stocks Coal Stocks Natural Gas Stocks Oil Investing Uranium Stocks Utility Stocks Inflation Protection Investing in Bonds Master Limited Partnerships Mutual Funds Personal Finances Retirement Investing Stock Market Investing Stocks to Watch Value Investing Investing Experts Ari Charney Benjamin Shepherd Martin Hutchinson Igor Greenwald Jim Fink Jim Pearce Khoa Nguyen Robert Rapier Free Reports FEATURED STRATEGY Trades This Easy Should Be Illegal Not long ago, a mysterious signal showed up in Wynn Resort’s stock chart. And in a matter of weeks, share prices rose 53%. But you would have left a lot of money on the table. Because a simple two-sentence set of instructions would have turned that same 53% gain into a stunning 296% gain in the exact same amount of time. Click here to find out how. For Bigger Defense Stock Profits, Think Small By John Persinos on February 7, 2017 Just login with your email address to instantly generate a PDF of this content. Privacy Policy One of the most reliable and proven ways to build wealth over the long haul is to place investment capital in high-momentum trends. President Trump has promised to massively increase military spending and to also pursue a more assertive foreign policy. That adds up to filled coffers for America’s aerospace/defense firms. But here’s an angle that many traders are ignoring: look beyond the usual mega-cap suspects and consider little-known, small-cap defense stocks. Below, I highlight a small defense stock that’s poised for outsized growth and trades at an appealing valuation. Linda McDonough, chief investment strategist of Profit Catalyst Alert, explains that if you want to really cash in on the coming defense boom, you need to think small. “Thanks to the monstrous size of many military budgets, most defense stocks are mega-caps — Goliaths so large they grow slowly. Yet small growth defense stocks exist.” Blue skies ahead for defense… Linda notes that defense spending “catapults upward in times of strife, settles into the trenches for brief periods of peace and then jets forward again as conflicts resume.” Jim Pearce, chief investment strategist of Personal Finance, remarks that the transfer of power in Washington, DC always entails economic winners and losers. This time around, he says, defense contractors are among the biggest winners: “Re-engineering how money flows among nations and between economic sectors has enormous consequences, something Trump intuitively understands, which is why trade reform is at the top of his agenda. Corporate CEOs also understand the ramifications of their industries getting pushed up (or down) the priority list… One sector that probably won’t have to lobby for more dollars is the defense industry.” But with large-cap stocks trading at frothy valuations in early 2017, small is a smart way to go. Smaller defense firms also confer another advantage: they’re tempting takeover targets for deep-pocketed blue chips looking to acquire and integrate new proprietary technologies that can foster organic innovation. Our technology experts at Breakthrough Tech Profits call this process “innogration” and they make it their mission to spot likely takeover targets that will richly reward investors when bigger companies show up as M&A suitors. Jim Fink, chief investment strategist of Options For Income and Velocity Trader, hammers home the case: “Small-capitalization stocks outperform all other types of stocks over the long term.” The Pentagon’s funding trough… Before we get to our small defense stock, let’s look at the big picture. While Congress fights bitter ideological battles over programs with relatively small funding, the Pentagon continues to enjoy enormous largess. Don’t let anyone try to tell you that the U.S. military is lacking for funds. The U.S. military’s fiscal year 2016 budget reached $534.3 billion, an increase of $38.2 billion over the FY 2015 enacted budget of $496.1 billion. For fiscal 2017, the military budget should come in at about $582.70, a roughly 9% year-over-year increase. You can leverage this permanent and growing pool money for multi-year profits. However, investors looking to make money in the aerospace/defense sector tend to fixate on the familiar names: Boeing (NYSE: BA), Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), General Dynamics (NYSE: GD), Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC), and Honeywell International (NYSE: HON), to name a few of the biggest. These are all solid investments, especially Honeywell because of its diversification and significant work in the civilian sector. Indeed, Honeywell is a long-time denizen of the PF Growth Portfolio. Since it was added to the portfolio on May 11, 2011, Honeywell has generated a total return of 122.58%. However, these market caps are gigantic and expected boosts in defense spending are pushing up their valuations. For most of them, that means a limited upside. Which brings us to the beauty of small caps. These companies historically outperform the broader market during economic recoveries. U.S. economic growth continues apace (albeit at a modest rate), a context that’s been manna over the past 12 months for smaller valuation companies. The Goldilocks of defense… With a market cap of $1.05 billion, Astronics (NSDQ: ATRO) is large enough to withstand market turmoil but small enough to provide market-beating appreciation. It’s a “Goldilocks” stock that occupies the sweet middle ground. Astronics designs and manufactures products for the aerospace and defense industries around the world. It operates through two divisions, Aerospace and Test Systems. The Aerospace division offers lighting and safety systems, electrical power generation, aircraft structures, avionics products, and other products. The Test Systems division provides automatic test systems, such as communications and weapons test systems, and training and simulation devices to aircraft OEMs. ATRO is a small-cap defense rocket ready to break out with double-digit gains. The company’s earnings growth over the next five years is projected to hit 7.75% on an annualized basis. The aerospace/defense sector has been on a tear lately, but ATRO’s trailing 12-month price-to-earnings ratio is about 17, compared to 21.4 for Boeing and 20.4 for Lockheed Martin and nearly 19 for the overall sector. If you’re looking for reasonably valued growth in an overbought and risky market, this small cap fits the bill. Meanwhile, we’ll keep an eye on Astronics and let you know if it becomes a takeover target. The yellow metal is showing its mettle… I got this worried email yesterday from a reader: “I was reading your article, ‘Global Domino Effect: Are You Ready?’ published on Feb. 6. It’s a bit of a scary read, by the way. You recommend that investors hedge at least 5%-10% of their portfolios in gold. Would you consider GLD or GLDW to be good hedges that fit your thoughts? I’m a beginning investor and not in much gold right now and I’m trying to park some money in that area.” — Jason E. Jason, it’s never my intention to scare readers. In fact, I disdain the fear-mongers in our business. By the same token, it’s unwise to bury our heads in the sand when genuine risks emerge. A safe gold hedge suitable for novice investors is the SPDR Gold Shares ETF (NYSE: GLD), the largest gold exchange-traded fund backed by physical holdings of bullion. I’ve recommended this fund in recent issues. A sibling and somewhat riskier fund, SPDR Long Dollar Gold Trust (NYSE: GLDW), made its market debut on January 30. GLDW is the first physically backed gold ETF with a currency hedge against a strong U.S. dollar. GLDW gains when gold prices spike and the value of the dollar increases. (Historically, a strengthening greenback weighs on gold prices.) I’ve also recommended the high-quality gold miner Goldcorp (NYE: GG). Canada-based Goldcorp is on course for production growth and boasts extremely low operating costs, a combination that should boost profits as the price of gold rises this year as analysts expect. The Investing Daily Mailbag Got a question about defense stocks or gold? Drop me a line. I’m also interested in your opinion about this newsletter’s new design and name. As you can see, we changed the name from “Stocks to Watch” to “Investing Daily” because, after all, your daily publication covers not just stocks but the entire investment waterfront. I’d love to hear from you: mailbag@investingdaily.com — John Persinos       You might also enjoy…   Perfect S&P chart formation spotted   Recently, a highly profitable pattern showed up in a group of popular S&P 500 stocks that you might own. When this same pattern appeared before, it generated fast gains of… 35% on the S&P 500 Index 100% on Yahoo! 117% on American Express 122% on American International Group 163% on Apple …all in a single month! That’s because every time these patterns occur, they send out signals that allow you to pinpoint stock movements like this one from Twitter—BEFORE they happen: And when you combine that advance knowledge with my easy-to-execute trading system, it gives you the stunning ability to amplify normal stock movements as much as 10X. For example, if you had known about this movement and bought Twitter stock, you could have risked $1,000 and cashed out just a few days later with $1,120. That’s not bad. But if, instead, you had used my powerful trading system and invested the same $1,000, you could have cashed out with a stunning $4,170. And now, my system has just pinpointed three brand-new opportunities. I’ll be releasing a new set of two-sentence instructions based on these lucrative patterns in just a few days… and each one could hand you the opportunity to bank triple-digit gains in a very short amount of time. To learn more, please take a few minutes out of your day now and watch this video before it’s too late. Stock Talk — Post a comment Comment Guidelines Our Stock Talk section is reserved for productive dialogue pertaining to the content and portfolio recommendations of this service. We reserve the right to remove any comments we feel do not benefit other readers. If you have a general investment comment not related to this article, please post to our Stock Talk page. If you have a personal question about your subscription or need technical help, please contact our customer service team. And if you have any success stories to share with our analysts, they’re always happy to hear them. Note that we may use your kind words in our promotional materials. Thank you. You must be logged in to post to Stock Talk OR create an account. Create a new Investing Daily account Use Social Connect   - OR - Email Address Display Name Appears on all of your comments Password Confirm Password   * Investing Daily will use any information you provide in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Your email address is used for account verification and will remain private. 29 Stocks to Sell Now! If you own just one of these companies, your portfolio is at risk today. Inside you’ll get their names and ticker symbols, along with a free subscription to daily investing guidance from our award winning analyst team. Get The Report Now About the Analyst John Persinos Analyst Bio | Archives John Persinos is currently a contributing editor for Investing Daily.  John has served as a staff reporter on daily metropolitan newspapers, including The Orlando (Fla.) Sentinel. He has worked on several international magazines, specifically as a staff writer at Inc.; an associate editor at Venture; and managing editor at Campaigns & Elections. He also has served as an online publisher of web sites, including Aviation Today. He has written extensively for investment-oriented publications and web sites, such as Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine, StreetAuthority and Investing Answers. John worked on Capitol Hill, as a press secretary to U.S. Rep. Byron Dorgan (D-ND). John also is the recipient of numerous journalistic awards, including the Royal Aeronautical Society's prestigious "Aerospace Journalist of the Year Award" in 2001, in the category of "Best General Aviation Submission," for his work as editor-in-chief of Rotor & Wing magazine. He has co-authored a book, Boston: In a Class by Itself. He also wrote a book on the media, The Confessions of an Ink-Stained Wretch, published in the spring of 2006. John holds a B.A. in English, an M.A. in English Literature, and an M.S. in Journalism, all from Boston University. He also completed the Davenport Fellowship in Business and Economics Reporting at the University of Missouri (Columbia) School of Journalism. John's weekly e-letters: Mind Over Markets, Passport to Profits, Survival of the Fittest show more Market Overview Free E-letters We offer a variety of FREE analysis delivered weekly to your inbox. Select the E-letters you wish to receive and enter your email below. Mind Over Markets (info) Your guide to understanding and profiting from the major trends, industry news and worldwide events that are driving the market and impacting your investments. Income Without Borders (info) Want to know about the high-yield global income stock I found this week? Of course you do! Find the income you've been looking for. The Energy Letter (info) Energy profits from safe to speculative: start your wealth-building portfolio now. Sign Up for these FREE E-Letters Free Reports 7 High Yield Stocks that Pay Dividends High Yields and Low Taxes: The Best Master Limited Partnerships to Own Now Best Undervalued Stocks to Buy Now Top 3 High Yield REITs Top Growth Stocks to Own Now Home | Events | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions About Us | White List | Contact Us | Media Inquiries Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security. Copyright © 2017 Investing Daily, a division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Mobile-Friendly Site
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Child porn brings man 46 months Woman sentenced in man’s overdose death Son accused of theft, allowing woman’s death Police release suspect images in Vancouver card thefts Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Some Comcast phone users can’t make calls, including 911 Vancouver police shoot, kill suspected car thief after altercation   Camas students chosen to attend U.N. Commission on the Status of Women Oregon man sentenced in underage police sting State AG office seeks to civilly commit convicted sex offender Future of Housing Summit doesn’t sugarcoat situation Clark County has big housing problems. Housing has become too expensive and ill-suited for an aging population, and the industry… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 2-11 Freshman sparks Washougal girls to district win Fast start not enough for Prairie boys in loss Newest Mariners on board as spring training arrives Boys basketball: Evergreen 98, Bonney Lake 72 Girls basketball: La Center 64, Tenino 17 Girls basketball: Black Hills 75, Columbia River 34 Camas girls first to secure berth to state with win Girls basketball: W.F. West 73, Woodland 51 Girls basketball: Hoquiam 50, Seton Catholic 47 (OT) Union’s hot hand is Reznick in bi-district win The winning formula with the Union boys basketball team come playoff time is no different than another regular-season game, really,… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories ‘We are against a travel ban,’ Under Armour says Construction firm cited for $200K in safety violations Massage studio franchise to open Monday Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Sears looks to cut $1B in 2017 Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. Boeing wins $13.8 billion wide-body jet order from Singapore Air Report: Trump travel ban cost $185M in bookings Stock indexes extend climb to record heights ESI will restructure, closing sites cutting jobs Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. DETROIT — Some of America’s most popular cars and trucks are made in Mexico — for now. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Felines going to the dog show, though not for the competition Oscar-nominated short films share big screen at Kiggins, Liberty theaters Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs George’s Molon Lave Greek at its brightest Irwin embraces goofy side in ‘Legion’ Go: Valentine’s dance, Lantern festivities, I-5 Bridge birthday Watch for these at New York ‘Cold Justice’ moves to network with new focus Women rally to parody Trump team on ‘SNL’ Gaga’s half-time show mirrors ‘Simpsons’ Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs The Big War was travel enough for Gus Klingman. He came home to New Jersey and stayed put. After his… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: On Education, Stay Focused Robinson: Governing by temper tantrum a threat to the world Letter: Vote ‘yes’ on Battle Ground levy Letter: Don’t be fooled; we’ll pay for wall Letter: Ignore Trump subterfuge Letter: Herrera Beutler makes right call Letter: Liberals are whining. Sad! Letter: Vote ‘no’ on Battle Ground levy In Our View: Good Start on Bridge Talk Cepeda: Math is hard but telling kids that won’t help them learn Editorial Cartoons: Feb. 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses   Everybody Has a Story: Very Special Valentine’s Meal leaves a bad taste Battle Ground boy gives back to Second Chance Companions Students, library dress up for fancy lunch Students build creativity with Women in Construction Oregon aquarium teaches students about tide pool creatures Washougal kitchens earn clean reports Vancouver branch cleans up during holiday drive Middle schooler spends week as legislative page Spotlight on Youth Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Brunell: Trade is a two-way street By Don Brunell Published: February 7, 2017, 6:01 AM A   A Don Brunell In 1993, President Bill Clinton was pictured holding a Washington apple while promoting the virtues of the North American Free Trade Agreement. That photo underscored the importance of the agreement and our trade with Mexico and Canada. Washington is the most trade-dependent state in the nation. The Puget Sound Business Journal reported in November that Washington has exported at least $134.5 billion worth of goods to Canada and Mexico since the agreement was signed. The dust-up over NAFTA focuses on Mexico, from which we import more than we export. PSBJ figures Washington has 150,000 jobs that depend directly on trade with Mexico, which happens to be the world’s sixth-largest exporter of aerospace parts to companies such as Boeing. NAFTA, negotiated under President George H.W. Bush and implemented by Clinton, eliminated most tariffs on traded goods between Canada, the United States and Mexico. It was designed to encourage economic integration among the three countries and thereby boost the economic prosperity of all three. In large part, it has accomplished those goals. The Council on Foreign Relations reports that trade between the three countries increased from $290 billion in 1993 to over $1 trillion in 2016. Such states as Washington and Texas, the nation’s largest exporter, have benefited. Texas has more than a million jobs relying on exports, and Mexico accounts for roughly 37 percent of that total. Whereas Washington’s exports to Mexico are heavy to agriculture, Texas sends mostly electronics, oil, gas and chemicals, and machinery south of the border. The Business Insider recently reported NAFTA has been credited with helping the U.S. auto sector become globally competitive due to cross-border supply chains. Midwestern autoworkers don’t see it that way. They blame carmakers for abandoning plants and workers in such states as Michigan and moving those factories and jobs to Mexico and China. The frustration over trade agreements hit the boiling point during last year’s presidential campaign. Socialist-leaning Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt., and now-President Donald Trump lambasted trade deals for killing American jobs and allowing companies to move to nations with lower wages and benefits — and weaker worker protections and environmental regulations. Trump called NAFTA “the worst trade deal in the history of the country” and confirmed his intent to renegotiate it since becoming president. That’s where he needs to exercise caution. Trade agreements take years to negotiate and are carefully balanced. Scrapping NAFTA and imposing tariffs on Mexican and Canadian goods would likely trigger counter-tariffs imposed on U.S. products. The same goes for other international trade agreements. While critics blame NAFTA for the loss of U.S. manufacturing jobs, decline in manufacturing employment started over 40 years ago as robots and automation replaced assembly-line workers. However, it took a nose dive between 2000 and 2009, according to U.S. Labor Dept. statistics, and has rebounded slowly since. Roughly, 6 million U.S. factory workers lost their jobs in that nine-year period. NAFTA has benefited agriculture, which is particularly good news for Washington farmers, ranchers and tree-fruit growers. According to the U.S. Trade Representative’s office, agriculture exports to Mexico have doubled — and increased by 44 percent to Canada since 1993. It is always good to take a look at existing trade agreements, especially in our rapidly changing world. Modifying them should be carefully planned and negotiated with our trading partners, not hastily imposed by administration fiat. Trade is a two-way street, and no country gets all it wants. Hopefully, there is a better deal for American workers by opening up NAFTA. President Trump just needs to be more measured in his rhetoric and methodical in our national approach. Don Brunell, retired as president of the Association of Washington Business, is a business analyst, writer, and columnist. He lives in Vancouver and can be contacted at TheBrunells@msn.com. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS Progress Underway for First Commercial Airlock on Space Station by Staff Writers Houston TX (SPX) Feb 07, 2017 NASA has accepted a proposal from NanoRacks to develop the first commercially funded airlock on the space station. NASA anticipates the airlock will launch on a commercial resupply mission for integration in 2019, and will be located on a port in the space station's Tranquility module. Image courtesy NanoRacks. The International Space Station allows NASA to conduct cutting-edge research and technology demonstrations for the next giant leap in human exploration and supports an emerging space economy in low-Earth orbit. Deployment of CubeSats and other small satellite payloads from the orbiting laboratory by commercial customers and NASA has increased in recent years. To support demand, NASA has accepted a proposal from NanoRacks to develop the first commercially funded airlock on the space station. "We want to utilize the space station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation," said Sam Scimemi, director, ISS Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington. "We hope this new airlock will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector." In addition to the large number of CubeSats and small satellites NanoRacks wants to deploy from station, their proposed airlock will also be capable of supporting multiple external payloads. Signaling a significant step forward in their airlock plans, NanoRacks announced an independent partnership with Boeing on Feb. 6, 2017, to develop the airlock. Once NanoRacks successfully completes the phases outlined in a Space Act Agreement NanoRacks signed with NASA in 2016, the agency has committed to install the airlock for commercial use, research, and technology demonstrations from the International Space Station. Payloads, including commercial payloads, deployed via the airlock will be coordinated through the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space (CASIS), NASA's manager of the U.S. National Laboratory on the space station. All non-NASA funded payloads for the U.S. National Lab are subject to the vetting process CASIS has established. NASA anticipates the airlock will launch on a commercial resupply mission for integration in 2019, and will be located on a port in the space station's Tranquility module. Attached to a separate port on Tranquility is another commercial investment - the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (BEAM). This module is the first human-rated expandable habitat to be tested in space and has potential application for future habitation in low-Earth orbit and deep space. The NanoRacks Airlock and BEAM are two examples of NASA's larger efforts to maximize use of the space station and advance commercial activity in space. NASA also issued a request for information last fall seeking additional interest on the part of private enterprises to use available unique space station resources, such as docking ports. As private sector partners play a greater role in this new economy, NASA is able to focus on its deep space exploration goals, including sending humans beyond the moon and eventually, to Mars. Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links NanoRacks Space Tourism, Space Transport and Space Exploration News Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft to reenter January 31 Moscow (Sputnik) Jan 30, 2017 Representative of the Russian Mission Control Center said that Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft, which has served out its time at the International Space Station, will be undocked and drowned in the Pacific Ocean on January 31. The Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft, which has served out its time at the International Space Station (ISS), will be undocked and drowned in the Pacific Ocean on Jan ... read more The Outer Space Treaty has been remarkably successful - but is it fit for the modern age? Full Braking at Alpha Centauri New Era of Space Travel: Private Station May Replace ISS by Late 2020 Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft to reenter January 31 India to launch record 104 satellites next week ISRO tests C25 Cryogenic Upper Stage of GSLV MkIII Russia to call tender for 2nd Phase of Vostochny Spaceport construction in Fall NASA sounding rocket launches into Alaskan night Swirling spirals at the north pole of Mars Similar-Looking Ridges on Mars Have Diverse Origins Commercial Crew's Role in Path to Mars Meteorite reveals 2 billion years of volcanic activity on Mars China looks to Mars, Jupiter exploration China's first cargo spacecraft to leave factory China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" An exciting year in space for Intelsat Iridium Adds Eighth Launch with SpaceX for Satellite Rideshare Space, Ukrainian-style: Through Crisis to Revival ESA Planetary Science Archive gets a new look Japan's troubled 'space junk' mission fails New material that contracts when heated holds great industrial potential Flipping the switch on ammonia production Understanding breakups Dedicated Planet Imager Opens Its Eyes to Other Worlds New planet imager delivers first science at Keck First footage of a living stylodactylid shrimp filter-feeding at depth of 4826m SF State astronomer searches for signs of life on Wolf 1061 exoplanet New Horizons Refines Course for Next Flyby It's Never 'Groundhog Day' at Jupiter Public to Choose Jupiter Picture Sites for NASA Juno Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments8 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turnopinion Morning Bits The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin By Jennifer Rubin February 7 Follow @JRubinBlogger President Trump speaks at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6 in Tampa. (Mandel Ngan/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) President Trump and his team abhor institutions they cannot muzzle. “The words ‘so-called judge’ stand out. Those words should never be uttered by an elected official, much less a president, about a sitting judge.” Conservatives go silent when it is the GOP “picking winners and losers.” A border tax makes one company very rich: “A major airline company currently engaged in business with Iran, the leading state sponsor of terrorism, stands to receive billions in tax breaks under a new plan being floated by a large coalition of Republican lawmakers. A new tax plan spearheaded by House Republicans includes a provision that would remove government fees on exports, meaning that Boeing—which is locked in a multi-billion dollar deal to sell the Islamic Republic planes—could receive $56.7 billion in tax breaks from the U.S. taxpayer.” A gag order on the White House might improve its chances in court. Jack Goldsmith: “I’m starting to believe that either Donald Trump wants courts to strike down the Immigration Executive order, or that his White House Counsel is incompetent or ineffectual.” Read the whole thing. Trump’s bombast hasn’t stifled one critical group of pols. “Over a dozen state attorneys general have filed a friend-of-the-court brief in support of Washington state’s lawsuit against President Trump’s temporary travel ban. The brief outlined the immigration order’s impact on residents, economies and educational and medical institutions across the country.” Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee (D) won’t be muffled. “Inslee suggested multiple ways in which Democratic governors can resist Trump. Governors can amplify the argument that the GOP plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act could result in untold numbers of their constituents getting thrown off of Medicaid, if the GOP replacement block-grants the program to the states, making cuts to Medicaid funds over time more likely. Inslee said Dem governors are in the process of forming a ‘subterranean alliance with Republican governors who are now notifying Congress that cutting their funds is unacceptable.'” Religious Americans shouldn’t remain mute when self-appointed evangelical conservative leaders advocate discrimination against LGBT Americans. “There is near consensus among religious groups on the issue of religiously based service refusals. Roughly six in ten (61 percent) Americans oppose allowing a small business owner in their state to refuse to provide products or services to gay or lesbian people, if doing so violates their religious beliefs. That includes not only large majorities of groups who strongly support same-sex marriage, including Unitarian/Universalists (87 percent), Buddhists (76 percent), and Jewish Americans (72 percent), but also majorities of even major religious groups who are divided over or opposed to same-sex marriage.” One way to snuff out fake news is to refuse to air it. “CNN declined to have [Kellyanne Conway] as a guest on Sunday — in part because the Trump administration offered her in lieu of Vice President Mike Pence, but also because of what the network told me were ‘serious questions about her credibility.’” Good for them. Others should follow suit. opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 8 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 8 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion A blueprint for resistance to Trump has emerged. Here’s what it looks like. 2 Opinion The travel moratorium: A hopeless disaster 3 Opinion The 9th Circuit deals a blow to the imperial — and incompetent — president 4 The 9th Circuit’s dangerous and unprecedented use of campaign statements to block presidential policy 5 Opinion In Congress, Republicans are quiet and meek as mice Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Market is accounted for $10.25 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $17.41 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.9% during the forecast period. Pune, India - February 7, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Industry Description According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Market is accounted for $10.25 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $17.41 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.9% during the forecast period. Growing demand of UAVS for non-military applications and lessened risks associated with the use of unmanned aerial vehicle are the major factors fueling the market growth. On the other hand, strict airspace regulations and lack of track record usage are inhibiting the market. Implementation of sense & avoid systems in UAVS is the major opportunity for vendors in unmanned aerial vehicle market. Air traffic management and social issues such as privacy & nuisance concern are the major challenges faced by the players in unmanned aerial vehicle market. North America is anticipated to hold the largest share in the unmanned aerial vehicle in 2015. Owing to rising investments in commercial and defense applications in the U.K. and Russia, Europe is anticipated to observe a strong growth. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/339128-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Some of the key players in the market include BASF SE, Textron Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Textron Inc., The Boeing Company, AeroVironment Inc., Safran SA, Honeycomb Corp, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Aviation Industry Corporation, Aeronautics Ltd, GA-ASI, Thales Group, Elbit Systems Ltd and SAAB AB. Payload Covered: o Cameras o Laser Sensors o Communication Intelligence o Electro-Optic/Infrared Sensor (Eo/IR) o Maritime Patrol Radar (MPR) o Electronic Warfare (EW) o Signal Intelligence (Sigint) o Inertial Navigation System (INS) o Electronic Intelligence (ELINT) o Optronics o Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) o Cbrn Sensors o Others Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/339128-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 End-Use Verticals Covered: o Traffic Monitoring o Precision Agriculture o Soil Erosion o Vigor Mapping o Crop Harvesting & Fertilizer Management o Frost Mitigation o Civil & Commercial o Hurricane Tracking o Atmospheric Research o Strom Tracking o Film Production o Agriculture o Photography o Transmission Line Inspection o Oil & Gas Sector o Mapping & Surveying o Product Delivery o Military o Maritime and Naval Security ? Transshipment Convoy Monitoring ? Port Inspection o Homeland Security ? Firefighting & Disaster Emergency Communications ? Hostage Negotiations ? Community-Based Rehabilitation (CBR) Monitoring ? Nuclear Facility Monitoring ? Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) o Border Security ? Cross-Border Immigration ? Border Patrol ? Perimeter Surveillance o Others o Climate & Pollution Monitoring o Wild Life Conservation UAV by type of Class Covered: o Tactical UAV o Special Purpose UAV o Small UAV o Vtol UAV o Strategic UAV Subsystems Covered: o UAV Sub-Station Components o Launch Systems o Ground Control Stations o Antenna Tracking Systems o Data Telemetry o Auto Landing Recovery o Simulators Training Centers o Autopilot Navigation o UAV Device Components o UAV Engines o Airframes o Sense systems o Detectors o Spectrometers and Spectrophotometers o Imaging Data Centres Purposes Covered: o Research, Development, Testing, and Evaluation (RDT&E) o Operation and Maintenance (O&M) o Procurement Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=339128 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune 411028 , Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-646-845-9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/unmanned-aerial-vehicles-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/167691 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/339128-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 167691 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Leadzio Software Has Been Launched - 5 Steps To Help Marketers Get All The Leads They Can Handle (Sat 11th Feb 17) Raj Prem - Inspired to Exhibit in Qatar, Expands His Art Works Internationally (Sat 11th Feb 17) Winter Dry Skin Revival Radiance Kit For Rejuvenating Face & Body Care Released (Sat 11th Feb 17) Tiny Frog Recognized as a Top Web Designer In U.S. (Sat 11th Feb 17) Mens Snapback Hats With Gold Plated Logo & Red Seude Underbill Announced (Sat 11th Feb 17) Universal Wealth Managers Announces New Website Launch to Simplify the Infinite Banking Concept (Sat 11th Feb 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ISS Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 1 day ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Sassy AI, app contraception: Podcast 304 Podcast 1 day ago Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokémon Go's Valentine's event will double your Candy and make Lure modules last six hours Pokemon Go 2 days ago Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Airlander 10's 'flying bum' is fully operational after last year's crash Transport 1 day ago Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Explore more than a hundred year's worth of the Met's stunning art collection online Art 1 day ago Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter isn't failing, it's resetting Twitter 1 day ago Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Jay and Silent Bob strike back (again): Kevin Smith plans to 'reboot' cinematic stoners Film 1 day ago Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Meet the cast of Marvel's Runaways TV show Television 1 day ago Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple's Beats X earphones finally arrive in UK stores Apple 1 day ago WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it WhatsApp turns on two-factor authentication for everyone. Here's how to enable it Social Networks 1 day ago DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose DeepMind's AI has learnt to become 'highly aggressive' when it feels like it's going to lose Deepmind 1 day ago Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat original series Second Chance to premiere in April Snapchat 1 day ago Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop One co-founder Brogan BamBrogan launches rival firm Arrivo Hyperloop 1 day ago Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Five arrested for adding illegal software to Kodi boxes and selling them on Copyright 1 day ago Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Hubble spots 'big brother' of Halley’s Comet being torn apart by white dwarf Comets 1 day ago Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Robo-bees covered in sticky horsehair could one day help pollinate crops Science 1 day ago UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming UK esports champions Fnatic are getting into mobile gaming Esports 1 day ago Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook Safety Check now lets you offer food, transport and shelter Facebook 2 days ago A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys A condom-free male contraceptive takes a step closer after successful trial in monkeys Birth 2 days ago Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Make your commute more bearable with our pick of the best podcasts Podcast 12 Jan 2017 The best games coming to Nintendo Switch The best games coming to Nintendo Switch Gaming 1 day ago Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Why can’t the British press call Trump a ‘liar’? Donald Trump 26 Jan 2017 The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video The best shows to binge on Amazon Prime Video Amazon Prime 04 Jan 2017 The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division The political forecast for 2017? Economic precarity and social division Brexit 07 Jan 2017 ISS The ageing International Space Station is getting its first commercial airlock The NanoRacks and Boeing airlock will be fitted to the ISS in 2019 By Matt Burgess 4 days ago By Matt Burgess Tuesday 7 February 2017 Nasa / NanoRacks Nasa has announced plans for a new airlock on the International Space Station for commercial supply missions, research, and technology demonstrations. By 2019, the ageing ISS will have an airlock built by NanoRacks attached to its Tranquillity module. ADVERTISEMENT The space agency says the airlock will be able to support "multiple" external payloads. “We hope [it] will allow a diverse community to experiment and develop opportunities in space for the commercial sector," Nasa's Sam Scimem, the director of the ISS division said in a statement. As well as creating the airlock with Boeing, NanoRocks says it wants to launch cube satellites and other small satellites from the ISS. READ NEXT Tim Peake is heading back to the International Space Station Tim Peake is heading back to the International Space Station By Matt Burgess At first glance, a new airlock for the station may not appear a significant improvement, however, it signals Nasa's intentions to involve more commercial, privately funded space missions to use the ISS. Nasa / NanoRacks "We want to utilise the station to expose the commercial sector to new and novel uses of space, ultimately creating a new economy in low-Earth orbit for scientific research, technology development and human and cargo transportation," Scimem continued. ADVERTISEMENT READ NEXT Russian supply shuttle is destroyed on its way to the ISS Russian supply shuttle is destroyed on its way to the ISS By Amelia Heathman Since 2012, commercial companies including Elon Musk's SpaceX and Orbital Sciences have run resupply missions to the ISS. The Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (Cots) programme from Nasa has been running since 2005 and, at the time, $500m (£401m) was allocated to encourage private firms to develop transport systems. The space agency also has grander plans for private space firms: "The Commercial Crew and Cargo Program Office (C3PO) will extend human presence in space by enabling an expanding and robust U.S. commercial space transportation industry." ADVERTISEMENT Subscribe to WIRED Last year, one of the biggest commercial projects on the ISS was completed. The Bigelow Expandable Activity Module (Beam), a blow-up room on the space station, was inflated. During seven hours of operations on May 28 the capsule was inflated and astronauts were able to go inside. Beam is designed to "greatly increase the amount of transport volume" for space missions and provide astronauts with more space. Beam was delivered to the ISS as part of a SpaceX delivery mission. ISS Space Private Space Flight International Space Station Nasa Share this article RECOMMENDED Nasa orders first manned commercial spaceflight Nasa orders first manned commercial spaceflight By Michael Rundle Space 29 May 2015 Russian supply shuttle is destroyed on its way to the ISS Russian supply shuttle is destroyed on its way to the ISS By Amelia Heathman Space Shuttle 02 Dec 2016 Space X unfurls its astronaut parachutes for the first time Space X unfurls its astronaut parachutes for the first time By Michael Rundle Spacex 28 Jan 2016 World's best whisky to be aged in space World's best whisky to be aged in space By Katie Collins Space 31 Jul 2015 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016: Market size forecasters Market size forecasters delivers significant information and realistic data of the Global Light Electric Aircraft Market. The report presents a deep study of the market growth factors and drivers. In-depth research of the Global Light Electric Aircraft Market limitations and the opportunities enable the user to make the future projection. The Report Announces the Publication of its Research Report – Global Light Electric Aircraft Market 2016-2020 The Report recognizes the following companies as the key players in the global light electric aircraft market: Airbus, Alisport, Electric Aircraft, and Solar Impulse. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: ACS Aviation, Aeromarine, Boeing, Cessna, DigiSky, Electravia, and PC-Aero. Commenting on Global Light Electric Aircraft Market, the expert of research team said: “The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is use of fuel cell-powered propulsion. Fuel cells can be represented as an effectual energy-on-demand resource that provides an attractive combination of financial viability, versatility, and energy delivery. The main advantage of fuel cell systems lies in the capability of fuel cells to be driven by almost any hydrocarbon. Fuel cells have already been proven as an effectual propulsion technology for aircraft.” The Report analysts forecast the global light electric aircraft market to grow at a CAGR of 3.84% during the period 2016-2020. Global Light Electric Aircraft Market of 56 pages having tables and figures is available for purchase at https://marketsizeforecasters.com/securecheckout/paymenta/1899?msfpaycode=sumsf According to Global Light Electric Aircraft Market, one of the major drivers for this market is widespread adoption of lithium-based batteries. Lithium-based batteries are low-maintenance batteries that do not need to be completely recharged, which is an advantage that most batteries chemistries do not possess. Self-discharge time for these batteries is lesser than half of the nickel-based battery systems, which in turn, help to increase fuel efficiency. Owing to such advantages, lithium batteries act as powerhouses to most of the consumer electronic devices as well as applications requiring high energy density for uninterrupted delivery. Further, Global Light Electric Aircraft Market states that one of the major factors hindering the growth of this market is reduction of crude oil prices. The decrease in the crude oil prices is expected to have a significant impact on the investments made in electrical aircraft. Since 2014, there has been a significant decline in the crude oil prices, which has directly impacted the oil and gas industry and the aviation industry. The listed pricing for this Global Light Electric Aircraft Market report starts at $ 2500. Request Discount for Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/1900 Table of Contents in Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report PART 03: Market research methodology Research methodology Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction Key market highlights PART 05: Global Light Electric Aircraft Market landscape Market overview Market size and forecast Five forces analysis PART 06: Patent analysis PART 07: Market segmentation by type Global light electric aircraft market segmentation by type Market share by type Global manned light electric aircraft market Global unmanned light electric aircraft market PART 08: Global Light Electric Aircraft Market segmentation by power source Global light electric aircraft market segmentation by power source PART 09: Geographical segmentation Global light electric aircraft market segmentation by geography Geographic segmentation by revenue 2015-2020 Light electric aircraft market in Americas Light electric aircraft market in EMEA Browse full table of contents and data tables For Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-light-electric-aircraft-market-2016-2020 Global Light Electric Aircraft Market was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Request a sample copy of Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/1900 Related Reports: – World Electronic Cumulative Timer Market Research Report 2021(Covering USA, EU, China, South East Asia, India, Japan and etc) Electronic Cumulative Timer market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. https://marketsizeforecasters.com/world-electronic-cumulative-timer-market-research-report-2021covering-usa-eu-china-south-east-asia-india-japan-and-etc About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, battery, Business, Companies, Computing, Consumer, Electronics, Geography, Global Light Electric Aircraft Industry, Global Light Electric Aircraft Industry Size, Global Light Electric Aircraft Market, Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Forecast, Global Light Electric Aircraft Market Size, Google News, Industry, Machinery, major, Markets, satellite, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Christmas Mugs Releases New Funny Coffee Mug That Solves Gift-Giving Problems Next PostNext Result of Riksbank certificate sale Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Cyber Security Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Cyber Security Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 07, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Cyber Security market is estimated at $85.21 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $224.48 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.84% from 2015 to 2022. Growing cyber crimes which may cause the loss of intellectual and financial assets and increase in adoption of cloud-based security solutions are some of the key factors propelling the market growth. Whereas use of pirated and freeware software for cyber security is hindering the market growth. Growing demand for Next Generation Security Solutions and increasing potential for Mobile and Web Applications and Platforms are the opportunity factors for the market players. However lack of skilled professionals is challenging the market growth. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/cyber-security-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 By service, Managed Services segment is expected to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period. In deployment mode, organisations are showing interest towards cloud deployment because of its cost-effective and time-efficient features. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period because of increase growing adoption of web and mobile based business applications. Demand from developing countries in this region is one of the key drivers for the Asia Pacific region to move with highest CAGR during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include BAE Systems PLC, The Boeing Company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc, Cisco Systems Inc, Computer Sciences Corporation, Dell Inc, Finmeccanica SpA, General Dynamics Corporation, Hewlett Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), Intel Security, Symantec Corporation, Rapid7, Inc., EMC RSA, Fireeye, Inc., Trend Micro, Inc. and Sophos Ltd. Solutions Covered: - Web Filtering - Unified Threat Management (UTM) - Security and Vulnerability Management - Risk and Compliance Management - Intrusion Detection System/Intrusion Prevention System (Ids/Ips) - Identity and Access Management (IAM) - Firewall - Encryption - Distributed Denial of Service Mitigation - Disaster Recovery - Data Loss Protection (DLP) - Antivirus and Anti malware - White listing - Other Solutions Security Types Covered: - Application Security - Cloud Security - Content Security - Endpoint Security - Network Security - Wireless Security - Industrial Control Systems Security Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583426/sample Services Covered: - Professional Services o Training and Education o Risk and Threat Assessment o Managed Security Services (MSS) o Design and Integration o Consulting - Managed Services Applications Covered: - Telecom and IT - Retail - Manufacturing - Healthcare - Government and Public Utilities - Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) - Aerospace, Defense and Intelligence - Other Applications Deployment Modes Covered: - On-Premises - Cloud Components Covered: - Services - Solution Organization Sizes Covered: - Large Enterprises - Small and Medium Enterprises Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt Company Profiling 14.1 BAE Systems PLC 14.2 The Boeing Company 14.3 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc 14.4 Cisco Systems Inc 14.5 Computer Sciences Corporation 14.6 Dell Inc 14.7 Finmeccanica SpA 14.8 General Dynamics Corporation 14.9 Hewlett Packard Company 14.10 International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) 14.11 Intel Security 14.12 Symantec Corporation 14.13 Rapid7, Inc. 14.14 EMC RSA 14.15 Fireeye, Inc. 14.16 Trend Micro, Inc. 14.17 Sophos Ltd. Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583426/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Considerable cloudiness. High 53F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early then partly cloudy and windy overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close Susan Tompor Tips to help you juggle your bills By Susan Tompor / Detroit Free Press Feb 7, 2017 (…) Susan Tompor Paying the bills on time — and ultimately paying them off — pops up on many financial to-do lists in the new year. But what tricks can you use to actually turn that resolution into reality? Borrowers are finding it slightly more difficult to pay some bills, according to the most recent results from the American Bankers Association’s Consumer Credit Delinquency Bulletin. Delinquencies for the third quarter rose in five categories: payments for auto loans made at dealerships, auto loans arranged at a bank, personal loans, property improvement loans and bill payments for credit cards provided by a bank. In six other categories, including home equity loans and home equity lines of credit, delinquencies fell or stayed the same. Late payments in general are still at historic lows. Anything can throw you off course. About 22 percent of consumers said they did not pay all bills on time, according to the 2016 Consumer Financial Literacy Survey prepared for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling and the Boeing Employees Credit Union. If you want to build or maintain a strong credit score, you’ve got an extra incentive to pay bills on time. Credit payment history accounts for 35 percent of a credit score, as calculated by FICO. What are some strategies for juggling the bills? 1. See if you can create your own due date to pay the bills. Some utilities let consumers set their own due dates. Get paid on the 15th? Maybe you don’t want a bill due on the first of the month. “We understand juggling multiple bills and payment dates throughout the month can make a managing a budget challenging,” said Stephanie R. Beres, manager for media relations for DTE Energy in Detroit. The “Flexible Due Date” — where you can opt for a shift one time a year — allows customers to chose a monthly due date between 1 and 28. Due dates can be changed for many types of bills — including car loans and leases, credit cards and student loans — said Andrew Johnson, communications manager for GreenPath Financial Wellness. Check with creditors. 2. If you have a student loan, opt for a payment plan that you can afford. We’ve been hearing buzz about the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau taking legal action against the giant loan servicing company Navient. Among other things, federal regulators charge that Navient, formerly part of Sallie Mae, allegedly encouraged its employees to drive student loan borrowers into forbearance plans, instead of helping them sign up for repayment options based on one’s limited income. Regardless of the outcome of the lawsuits, it’s important for those struggling with high student loan payments to know the differences between a forbearance and an income-based repayment plan when they’re looking for debt relief. Forbearance plans can enable you to halt your payments for a time, but the interest keeps on building, causing your debt to mount and even possibly dragging out an ultimate default. So forbearance should be a last resort, not a first option. When it comes to paying the bills, students should adopt a strategy to pay as much as possible toward their student loans as soon as possible and shop for the right income-driven repayment plan for their finances. “Students have a tendency to choose the payment plan with the lowest monthly payment,” said Mark Kantrowitz, publisher and vice president of strategy for Cappex.com. “But these plans reduce the monthly payment by increasing the term of the loan, which ultimately increases the total interest paid over the life of the loan.” 3. Is there an app — or scam — for that? Financial tools are being created all the time that can help consumers do a better job budgeting their money and paying bills. But don’t lose even more money by falling for a bill-paying scam. The Federal Trade Commission is warning that some scammers are promoting a “government program that will pay your bills for an up-front payment or processing fee.” Sana Chriss, an attorney for the FTC in the southeast region, said church members in the African-American community in the South have been pitched by friends or other church members to sign up online for a special way for the government to pay their utility, cable and other bills. It’s a phony pitch. A consumer then provides Social Security numbers, credit card numbers and debit card numbers. And then they hand over “hundreds of dollars” for processing. An online account is set up that makes it look initially like the bills are being paid. But no one is paying any of the bills. So the consumer ends up with late fees and possibly a damaged credit score. The consumer loses the money paid for fees and they’ve given away key ID information to scammers who can sell or use that information for ID-related fraud. Regulators are concerned that similar pitches could evolve elsewhere in the country, too. 4. What are some other good tips? Get a visual. Put the dollar amount of a mortgage or other bill due on the calendar each month. Look into auto-pay where money is automatically moved to an account used for bill payment or sent directly to the creditors, prior to the due date. Avoid late payments. 5. What if you really can’t pay the bills? If you’re really having trouble paying bills, seek help from a nonprofit counselor. The National Foundation for Credit Counseling can connect consumers to certified counselors at member agencies. Call 800-388-2227 or go to www.nfcc.org. Services include bankruptcy counseling, debt counseling, student loan debt counseling, housing counseling and debt management plans. Susan Tompor More information Tompor: How much is too much for a car payment? Before shopping for a new car, SUV or truck, it is becoming more important than ever to start out asking: What exactly can I afford? What’s a reasonable monthly payment? And, really, how long do I expect to hold onto that new vehicle? Tompor: 17 resolutions for taking on financial challenges in 2017 Tags Bill Economics Commerce Bank Payment Revenue Finance Consumer Student Loan Auto Loan Credit Card Counseling Recommended for you Featured Businesses Parsow's | A World of Fashion for Men and Women 120 Regency Pkwy, Omaha, NE 68114 402-397-7900 Ashland Golf Club 16119 Highway 6, Ashland, NE 68003 402-944-3344 Custom Cruises & Travel 10914 Elm St, Omaha, NE 68144 402-393-3436 Omaha Symphony 1905 Harney St, Ste 400, Omaha, NE 68102 402-345-0606 Heartland Properties - Bruce Guill 535 W Bdwy, Ste 100, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-388-2249 Bethany Heights 11 Elliott St, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-8228 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » A robot gives Tata Motors reasons to smile A robot gives Tata Motors reasons to smile February 07, 2017 12:45 IST TAL Manufacturing Solutions expects its indigenously made affordable industrial robot, the Brabo, to boost the robotics vertical and contribute almost 40 per cent of its overall revenues in the next five years. Sohini Das reports. IMAGE: TAL Manufacturing Solutions, an arm of Tata Motors, had showcased the Brabo at the Make in India Summit last year. Photograph: Krishnendu Halder/Reuters. Tata Motors arm TAL Manufacturing Solutions Ltd had showcased its indigenously made affordable industrial robot the Brabo at the Make in India Summit last year.  Betting on this new product, for which the company estimates sufficient traction among small and medium businesses, TAL expects the robotics vertical to contribute almost 40 per cent of its overall revenues in the next five years, from a marginal share at present.  Amit Bhingurde, TAL's chief operations officer-robotics, told Business Standard they have already sold around 30 robots after they went to market in October 2016. Of these, only four-five were sold to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), the rest being sold to small and medium enterprises (SMEs).  TAL currently draws around 70 per cent of its revenues from the aerospace vertical where it is a supplier (tier-I and tier-II) to big names such as Boeing, Airbus and Rolls Royce.  The manufacturing solutions vertical accounts for most of the remaining revenues as the robotics vertical is still in a nascent stage.  But Bhingurde is confident that with a lead pipeline of more than 400 Brabos, and plans to focus on exports, the robotics vertical is likely to grow to a 40 per cent share of overall revenue within the next five years.  'Thrust on technology crucial for Make in India' IMAGE: The Brabo costs between ₹4.75 lakh and ₹6.5 lakh, and the cost is recovered within 15-18 months of commissioning the robot. Photograph: Courtesy TAL.co.in. The Brabo, which can be useful in materials handling, cementing applications, assembly operations etc., has been popular amongst SME customers, because of its affordability.  It costs between ₹4.75 lakh and ₹6.5 lakh, and Bhingurde claims the cost is recovered within 15-18 months of commissioning the robot.  The job that an operator takes seven days to complete is done by a Brabo in 2.3 days, thus significantly reducing the turnaround time.  TAL's team is now working on developing additional features for the robot, including welding, soldering, riveting actions etc.  "With the growing shortage of skilled manpower, ever-increasing wages, IR issues with existing labour unions and changes in regulatory framework, there is a strong case for adopting automation in the industry," TAL said on its website.  Bhingurde said according to the International Federation of Robotics (IFR), the demand for industrial robots in India (the category the Brabo operates in), is around 6,000 units per annum.  TAL has a manufacturing capacity of 3,000 robots in a year, which can be readily expanded up to 10,000 robots a year based on demand.  Bhingurde, however, feels they are expanding the market by tapping SME customers. "Nearly, 80 per cent of robots made in India were till date going to OEMs. But, the SMEs represent a huge untapped market," he said.  TAL has already exported one unit each of the Brabo to Dubai and Italy and is now working on getting additional international certifications that would enable it to tap more regulated markets such as the US in the long run.  For now, India is definitely the focus market. Robots are coming to India? Few lessons we must take from China Sohini Das Source: Tags: TAL Manufacturing Solutions, Tata Motors, Sohini Das, IMAGE, Brabo Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Lost decade for Tata Motors He quit his job to build robots! Having Robots for 'Make in India' is not a bad idea To race ahead, Tata Motors bets on new launches Tatas develop world's first safety watch for workers Spotted: Suniel Shetty at Mumbai airport Chinese soldier, living in India for over 50 years, reunited with family Modi likes peeping into bathrooms, reading janampatris: Rahul PHOTOS: India vs Bangladesh, one-off Test, Day 3 India's missile defence system takes a major leap 'All that happened about a year ago': Mazumdar-Shaw on Infy 'rift' TVS co invests $50m to set up new unit in US Verdict on the RBI: Not guilty SoftBank writes off Rs 3226 cr in Ola, Snapdeal Infy must take cue from Cognizant, opt for share buyback: Pai Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportDefenceTech RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 24 Dreamliner pilots seek NOC to quit Air India as juniors get promoted By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | Updated: Feb 07, 2017, 10.39 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » NOC | indian airlines | Dreamliners | Airbus | Air India pilot | Air India Their grouse emerges from the fact that people who joined the airline after them as co-pilots are becoming commanders on the A-320 while they remain co-pilots on the Boeing-787. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here NEW DELHI: In a blow to Air India, 24 co-pilots of its "turnaround vehicle", the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, sought no objection certificate (NOC) to quit the airline over alleged lack of career progression on Monday. Air India had ordered 27 Dreamliners in 2005 and has so far got 23 of these fuel-efficient planes which are now its workhorses. The airline has about 300 pilots for these planes. The 24 pilots who have sought NOC had joined erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2007-08 and used to fly the Airbus A-320s. In 2012 when AI was getting ready to receive the Dreamliners, they were put on training to fly this plane. Their grouse emerges from the fact that people who joined the airline after them as co-pilots are becoming commanders on the A-320 while they remain co-pilots on the Boeing-787. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir DesaiMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals READ MORE ON » NOC | indian airlines | Dreamliners | Airbus | Air India pilot | Air India To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Hindustan Motors sells iconic Ambassador car brand to Peugeot Interceptor missile successfully test-fired Single test for engineering colleges from 2018-19 Manohar Parrikar, James Mattis resolve to further expand India-US defence partnership Cash payments at retail stores near pre-note ban levels More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Ted S. Warren/AP Photo Travel Longest Flight Links Qatar-Auckland in Latest Endurance Test by Angus Whitley @AngusWhitley1 More stories by Angus Whitley and Amir Shabana More stories by Amir Shabana February 6, 2017, 9:33 PM EST February 7, 2017, 12:04 PM EST Route spans more than 9,000 miles non-stop from Doha Emirates, Qantas among rivals offering marathon flights Qatar Airways wrested the world’s-longest-flight title from Mideast rival Emirates with a 9,030-mile (14,535-kilometer) service linking Doha with Auckland that touched down in New Zealand’s biggest city Tuesday. The route adds 200 miles to the record Emirates established last year by virtue of Doha’s location further west than Dubai. Singapore Airlines Ltd.’s planned resumption of direct flights from its home hub to New York in 2018 would comfortably beat both services, with a distance of more than 9,500 miles. Qatar Air will serve Auckland daily using 259-seat  Boeing Co. 777-200LR aircraft, with the flight taking about 17 1/2 hours. While demand will come chiefly from Europe, the carrier also expects to attract passengers from the U.S. East Coast, even with the long journey time, Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said at a press briefing after the first service touched down. Across the region, Qatar Air also serves Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth in Australia, with seat occupancy rates typically running above 85 percent, and plans to add flights to Canberra next February. Al Baker said it’s open to cooperation with a local carrier for onward flights from Auckland following the termination of an existing arrangement with Air New Zealand Ltd. Qantas Airways Ltd., Australia’s biggest airline, plans to start direct flights between Perth in Western Australia and London in March 2018 using a Boeing 787. That trip spans 9,009 miles, according to the Great Circle Mapper website. READ NEXT: This Scientific Breakthrough Could Cure Jet Lag Forever Direct flights from northwest Europe to the southeast of Australia remain beyond the range of the most modern jets with a full passenger load, though they may be possible in a few years with Boeing’s upgraded 777X series. Even then, Europe-Auckland is likely to remain too much of a stretch. There’s some confusion regarding the longest-flight title following Air India Ltd.’s switch to a trans-Pacific route between Delhi and San Francisco in order to avoid trans-Atlantic headwinds and reduce travel times. While the service spans more than 9,000 miles, the cities are actually only 7,706 miles apart -- more than 1,300 miles closer than Doha and Auckland. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next How to Spend Your Bonus This Year Where to Go in 2017 This Scientific Breakthrough Could Cure Jet Lag Forever Distinguished Travel Hacker: How to Always Pick the Right Seat on a Plane Super-Wealthy Men Are Now Entitled to Free Facials Before Their Flights Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:43 GMT +311 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing to Sell Saudis Advanced Radars for F-15 Combat Jets © AFP 2016/ FAYEZ NURELDINE Military & Intelligence 04:29 07.02.2017Get short URL 0 90004 US aerospace giant Boeing won a $18.2 million Air Force Foreign Military Sales contract to provide the Royal Saudi Air Force with advanced radars in their F-15SA Eagle aircraft, the Department of Defense said in a press release. © AFP 2016/ FAYEZ NURELDINE Saudi Fighter Jets Violate Ceasefire in Yemen, Kill CiviliansWASHINGTON (Sputnik) — "The Boeing Company, St. Louis, Missouri, has been awarded a $18.2 million… contract for Royal Saudi Air Force AN/APG-63(V) 3 radar in F-15SA aircraft," the release stated on Monday. Work on the contract will be performed predominantly at Forest in the US state of Mississippi and is expected to be complete by March 31, 2017, the Defense Department noted. "This contract is 100 percent foreign military sales to Saudi Arabia," the release added. The AN/APG-63(V) 3 X-band pulse-Doppler radar systems are designed for both air-air and air-ground missions, according to published reports. The radars are able to look up at high-flying targets and down at low-flying targets without being confused by ground clutter and the radars feed target information into the aircraft's central computer for effective weapons delivery. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 04 Related: Saudi Jets Bomb Peaceful Pro-Houthi Rally of 100,000 in Yemen’s Capital (VIDEO) French, Egyptians, Saudis and Iraqis Were Aboard Missing EgyptAir Jet Saudi Jets to Launch Missions From Turkish Airbase Upon US Order - Riyadh Tags: F-15, Boeing, Saudi Arabia, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:43US Software Company Reopens Lawsuit Against Google Over Android System 12:38Reports on Dire State of UK Subs 'Looks Like Campaign to Get More Funding' 12:29Taiwan Vows to Shoot Down Any Drones Entering Territory of Airports 11:49Morocco Expects Russian Prime Minister to Pay Official Visit in 2017 11:38'NATO Europe' Feeling Pretty Comfy Under America's Security WingAll news Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Plant in France, Injuries Reported 10458 India Shuts Down Gates Foundation Program Over Ties to Big Pharma 7161 US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 6648 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 6380 'Response to NATO': What Forced Russia to Conduct Snap Check of Aerospace Forces 6285All news US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 41 Americans Want 'Mom-in-Chief' Michelle Obama to Become US President in 2020 36 US May Designate Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a Terrorist Group 35 US Senators Introduce Bill Requiring Approval for Lifting Anti-Russia Sanctions 35 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 29All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Dead in the Water How the EU Has Chaged News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > General Electric Company (GE) Stock Isn’t Worth the 3.2% Yield Look to the skies for your alternative solution to GE stock By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 6, 2017, 9:13 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Here’s How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can Hit $200 General Electric Company (GE) Stock Isn’t Worth the 3.2% Yield Should Under Armour Inc (UAA) CEO Kevin Plank Step Aside? Recent Posts: Should Bill Gates Sell His Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock? Should Under Armour Inc (UAA) CEO Kevin Plank Step Aside? Here’s How Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can Hit $200 View All Posts Over the years, Baby Boomers across the country have flocked to General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) and GE stock because of its consistent dividend. In fact, a 2015 report from TD Ameritrade showed that GE stock had the second-highest ownership of any stock among its clients 50 or older. Only Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a higher allocation. Source: Shutterstock It seems boomers — and every other age group, for that matter — love the fact that GE has increased its annual dividend in eight out of the last 10 years. Now paying 96 cents on an annual basis for a 3.2% yield, it’s awfully tempting to remain invested in one of America’s oldest and most iconic companies. Jeffrey Immelt has remade the company, moving it out of financials and further into industrials where it got its start. It’s a blue-chip stock if there ever was one, producing a positive annual total return in four out of the last five years. InvestorPlace contributor Josh Enomoto wrote about GE stock recently: I’ve made this argument before, but it really comes down to your end goal. If you’re looking for a hot growth stock, look elsewhere, please! If you want to bide your time and not rock your portfolio with risk, GE stock is a prudent choice. Amen to that. But, that’s not the same thing as saying GE’s 3.2% yield is the reason you should own its stock. I believe you can do better without sacrificing income or capital appreciation. A Better Choice Than GE Stock The stock that comes to mind is Boeing Co (NYSE:BA), which has a dividend yield of nearly 3.5%, almost 30 basis points higher than GE. Over the past five years, Boeing has generated an annual total return of 19.1% through January 31, 650 basis points clear of General Electric. Year to date, it’s up 5%, which is 11 percentage points higher than GE. How does it look if we take out the best and worst years between 2012 and 2016? GE stock actually comes out on top, with an average annual total return of 17.5%, or 760 basis points higher than Boeing. The big difference was 2013, when BA stock almost doubled due to investors recognizing the overall strength in its commercial jets business, as well as the improving profits in its defense business. Fast forward to 2016 and Boeing’s business has remained strong. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/general-electric-company-ge-stock-isnt-worth-3-2-yield/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US TOPICS > Politics How both sides see the legal challenge on Trump’s travel ban February 6, 2017 at 6:45 PM EST 206171206183206183How both sides see the Trump travel ban legal challengeA Constitutional showdown is underway over President Trump’s controversial executive order on immigration. In Seattle, a federal judge issued a temporary halt to Trump’s travel ban, resulting in an appeal from the Justice Department. John Yang gets two takes on the legal arguments from Washington state Attorney General Robert Ferguson and Rep. Ted Yoho, R-Fla.2017-02-06 06:00 pmdisabledSduE_op_Spo206613206586http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/hhs-secretary-tom-price-significant-powers-change-health-care/As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powersTom Price, a Republican congressman from Georgia, was confirmed as the next secretary of health and human services overnight. The longtime opponent of the Affordable Care Act sees a smaller role for the federal government in health care. But his new boss, President Trump, has said he wouldn't touch Medicare or Medicaid. Lisa Desjardins talks with Julie Rovner of Kaiser Health News.2017-02-10 18:00:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/price2-e1486744511145-320x196.jpg2365954922LgqBwuyD8zI206611206585http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/top-trump-aide-reportedly-talked-sanctions-russian-envoy/Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoyIn December, the Obama administration levied new sanctions against Russia for its alleged role in tampering with the election. In the days following, incoming White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn spoke several times via phone with the Russian ambassador. What did they discuss? Hari Sreenivasan speaks with Greg Miller of The Washington Post about new revelations.2017-02-10 18:00:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/RTX30IOV-320x196.jpg23659549613uTEGJBPm00206595206587http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/shields-brooks-immigration-ban-court-defeat-democrats-confirmation-hearing-backlash/Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeatSyndicated columnist Mark Shields and New York Times columnist David Brooks join Judy Woodruff to discuss the week’s news, including the decision by a federal appeals court to deny the Trump administration’s request to reinstate an immigration ban, President Trump’s comments attacking judges and the contentious battles in the Senate over Cabinet nominees.2017-02-10 18:00:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/shieldsbrooks3-320x196.jpg2365954915ES0rhSrZoUg A Constitutional showdown is underway over President Trump’s controversial executive order on immigration. In Seattle, a federal judge issued a temporary halt to Trump’s travel ban, resulting in an appeal from the Justice Department. John Yang gets two takes on the legal arguments from Washington state Attorney General Robert Ferguson and Rep. Ted Yoho, R-Fla. RELATED RELATED Washington state AG 'confident' in case against immigration order COMMENTS EMAIL SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MORE VIDEO As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powers Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat EMAIL LISTEN https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/20170206_Howbothsides.mp3SEE PODCASTS JOHN YANG: Now to the constitutional showdown over President Trump’s executive order on immigration. For the first of two looks at what’s at stake, we are joined first by Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson from Seattle. It was his suit that led to this weekend’s temporary shutdown of the ban. Attorney General Ferguson, thanks for joining us. BOB FERGUSON, Washington State Attorney General: Thanks for having me on. JOHN YANG: If you — if the court lifts this ban, lifts the temporary restraining order, will you appeal to the Supreme Court? BOB FERGUSON: Well, to be crystal clear, I will use every tool I have to make sure that this unconstitutional executive order doesn’t stand. That said, we’re confident the Ninth Circuit will affirm what Judge Robart, who was appointed, of course, by President George W. Bush, will affirm his decision to grant that TRO. JOHN YANG: I assume you’re anticipating if he does keep it in place that the Justice Department will take it to the Supreme Court. What’s your sense of how your chances would fare on the current court? BOB FERGUSON: Well, I feel very confident. As I mentioned, Judge Robart is a very serious, well-respected judge appointed by President George W. Bush. And he took the significant step of granting a temporary restraining order. There’s a high hurdle for a lawyer to meet in a courtroom to get a judge to grant a TRO, a temporary restraining order. So, given that and the fact the Ninth Circuit declined to give an emergency stay a couple nights ago, we feel confident with our case not just at the Ninth Circuit, but frankly all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court, if that’s what it comes down to. JOHN YANG: And all this is right now is just over this temporary restraining order. You would still have to go back for a trial on the merits before Judge Robart in Seattle, is that right? BOB FERGUSON: That’s correct, although we feel confident there, because in order to grant the temporary restraining order, one of the criteria that the judge must conclude is that the state has a high likelihood of prevailing on the merits. He’s already reached that conclusion that we’re likely to prevail once we get to the merits before the judge. JOHN YANG: Now, the Constitution gives the president authority to deal with immigration, to conduct foreign affairs and address immigration. Congress in the immigration law gives the president the power to restrict or suspend the entry of people he may deem appropriate. Why do you argue that this is unconstitutional? BOB FERGUSON: Well, it’s pretty straightforward. Yes, the president has broad authority. We don’t question that. But what the federal government is literally arguing, and that your viewers should be aware of, is they’re arguing that it’s unfettered, that the court cannot look behind any motivation for that order or whether or not it’s constitutional. And that has never been the law and simply cannot be the law. And we are a nation of laws. And nobody can ignore our Constitution. No one’s above the law. And that includes the president of the United States. JOHN YANG: If this executive order had just called for the extreme vetting, as President Trump calls it, and not specified countries, not given preference to Christians — well, it gives preference to religious minorities in these countries, which means Christians and other religions — would that have removed the constitutional objections, in your view? BOB FERGUSON: Well, I’m often asked about different permutations that might solve the significant problem the federal government has. What I can say is, there is pretty significant vetting going on. I just returned from Sea-Tac Airport here in Washington State, where I met individuals who had been denied entry to the country as a result of the president’s executive order, but are now back in. And in one case, he had gone through a through a two-year process to get his visa. He’s now joining his wife, who’s a citizen of this state, and his cousin, who is a graduate of Washington State University and works at Boeing. These are folks who would be great additions to our life in Washington State. And that’s happening all across the country as well. JOHN YANG: So, we’re learning that the judge has asked — the appeals court asked for oral arguments today. Give us a preview. What are you going to be saying before this three-judge panel? BOB FERGUSON: So, you have news that I just am hearing for the first time. So, we’re not surprised if there’s oral argument. We anticipated that would be the case for an issue of this magnitude. And we will make the same case, frankly, that we made before Judge Robart, that there can be no unfettered discretion for a president, that you have to look behind what he’s doing here, and that we find in this case that it violates various constitutional provisions, and also violates specific statutory provisions as well. So we’re confident we will prevail. JOHN YANG: The president has been tweeting about this. He said that this stay, this temporary restraining order, puts our country in such peril, he says. If something happens, blame him, meaning the judge, Judge Robart, and the court system. How do you respond to that? BOB FERGUSON: Well, look, a couple things. Number one, as a lawyer, his comments about the judge being a so-called judge, for example, or statements like that are deeply concerning to anyone who cares about our judiciary. Number two, my wife and I, we are raising our twins, our young twins, to be gracious in victory or defeat. And President Trump is obviously having a very difficult time handling the defeat that he suffered before a federal district court judge. JOHN YANG: What about his underlying argument, though, that this is allowing, this could allow a terrorist to come into the country? BOB FERGUSON: What did I would encourage the president to do is to draft an executive order that’s constitutional. That’s his job. That’s his responsibility. My job and my responsibility is to make sure that everybody, including the president, plays by the rules and follows the Constitution. And in a courtroom, it is not the loudest voice that prevails. It’s the Constitution. And that’s why I think we’re prevailing right now. JOHN YANG: Attorney General Bob Ferguson from Seattle, thank you very much. BOB FERGUSON: Thank you. JOHN YANG: And now for a different take on President Trump’s executive order, Republican Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida joins us from Capitol Hill. Mr. Yoho, thanks for being with us. I don’t know. I hope you were able to hear the attorney general from Washington. REP. TED YOHO, R-Fla.: Yes, I was. Yes. JOHN YANG: What do you say to him? He says this violates both the Constitution and immigration law. What do you say to that? REP. TED YOHO: I disagree with that. I think the president — the executive, regardless who it is, has the ability to decide who comes in and doesn’t if it’s a national security risk. And all he’s asking — I have read the executive order — all he’s asking is put a pause on it so that we get the metrics right, so that we can do the background checks correct. I don’t see a problem with that. And he’s got in there where you come back in 30 days, reassess it, 60, 90, and 120 days. This is a pause. This is not a ban, complete ban. It is a pause. And I think anybody that is concerned with national security, and if you look at our Constitution — he kept talking about being Constitution — the Constitution states very clearly that the number one task of our government is to provide for the common defense and protection of this country. And I think, when you look around the world, other areas that have not done this, I think they’re wishing they would have been a little bit more stringent in the examination of people coming in, in the refugee program. You know, look at Belgium, look at Paris, look at Germany. And I think this is a time that we have to do that. And it’s — again, it’s a temporary pause. And people, I think, just need to calm down, let us work through the process. The courts will work this out. But I think it’s also good that it brought to light how we have to fix our immigration policy. So I welcome that, too. JOHN YANG: And the opponents of this are also arguing that — in their court challenge, that this creates — even this ban, this temporary — temporary pause, as you call it, as you say, would create immediate and irreparable injury, in employment, education, business, family relations and freedom to travel. How do you respond to that? REP. TED YOHO: You know, I think those are talking points that people are throwing out there. There is going to be some inconvenience. But how inconvenient was 9/11? How inconvenient were the attacks in Belgium and Brussels? Those were extreme consequences that came from not vetting people properly. We don’t want to make that mistake. Would you rather make the mistake and err on the side of caution or wait until something happens and then answer to the American people, why you didn’t vet these people properly? JOHN YANG: In the last Congress, you were on the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism. Are these countries, the countries that are specified in the executive order, given your experience on that panel, are these the countries you would have chosen? REP. TED YOHO: I think these are good countries to put on there. You look at Syria, you look at Somalia, you look at these other ones, they don’t have the infrastructure or the I.T. to go back and look at somebody’s birth record, their history, their work records. You look at other countries, and we hear, well, Saudi Arabia is not on, and that’s where the 9/11 terrorists came from, or the majority of them. We have sat down with Saudi Arabia, the UAE. In Egypt, they have good technology. They have good I.T. systems where we can do these background checks. In fact, they have beefed that up since then. And so we feel comfortable with there. But look at Syria. It’s a nation ravaged with war that they can’t go back and look at these records, or Somalia. You can’t go in there in a country like that. Then you look at the people that have infiltrated the refugee programs. We know they’re using fake passports. We know countries that are complicit making fake passports. And so let’s get this right. Let’s let people calm down and make sure that we go through the vetting process, and then we will get through this. JOHN YANG: If the courts were to block this for longer or even maybe strike it down, is there a congressional fix for this? REP. TED YOHO: Yes. Sure. It’s going through and doing legislation, passing it in the House and the Senate, and the president will sign it. And these are things that will be stimulated. This is a catalyst that tells us that we should go ahead and get these processes done. So, yes, for sure. JOHN YANG: And let me ask you about President Trump’s tweets. I know you were elected as a member of the Tea Party. You believe in the Constitution and the three branches of government. REP. TED YOHO: Absolutely. JOHN YANG: What do you think of him saying — calling this judge a so-called judge and saying, if something happens, blame him? REP. TED YOHO: Well, you know, Mr. Trump has his own style, his own technique, his own uniqueness. It’s not something I probably would have done, but, again, that’s the way he has evolved to this point in his life. And it’s worked well for him. And I expect you’re going to see more of that. That’s a minor thing compared to what he’s trying to do. He’s putting national security in front, where it needs to be. And we have had such a lapsed process over the last probably 15 years, that it’s time that somebody stands up and does that. And when you do that, when you have the leadership and the strength to do that, people get upset. And it just takes somebody willing to stand up and take the arrows for that. And, again, it’s a pause. It’s not a ban. JOHN YANG: And, also, let me ask, finally. You were very critical of President Obama for his executive orders, for going around Congress. REP. TED YOHO: Sure. JOHN YANG: How is this different? Why is this case different, in your mind? REP. TED YOHO: I think the big thing is, this centers on national security. When you look at what President Obama did with the executive order November 20 of 2014, he was giving a blanket amnesty to five million people that came into this country illegally. Again, you can’t vet that many people properly. And you can’t use a blanket order for that. That’s not discretionary review of those type of individuals. President Trump, on the other side, is standing up on the — erring on the side of caution on a national security basis that I think we all should applaud, that we’re putting the country first and the Constitution of protecting and preserving our freedoms here. So, that’s where I see a difference. And if you look at what President Obama did, right before he got out, he removed wet foot-dry foot on our Cuban Adjustment Act. And nobody said a word about that, but yet he did the same thing, and I applaud him for doing that. JOHN YANG: Representative Ted Yoho, thanks for joining us. REP. TED YOHO: Yes, sir. Have a good evening. JOHN YANG: Thank you. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Donald Trump immigration travel ban Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Trump suspends refugee program to defend U.S. against 'terrorists' SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL Loading... READ MORE Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing opposition 2 What engineers are doing about the 300-foot hole in California's Oroville Dam spillway 3 Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy 4 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now 5 What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? 1 Why the 9th Circuit Court rejected Trump’s immigration ban appeal 2 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing backlash 3 Paul Ryan on working with Trump, Russia sanctions and GOP goals 4 How an undocumented mother’s deportation mobilized activists in Arizona 5 Silenced by the Senate, Elizabeth Warren explains why she opposes Jeff Sessions TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
1-800-789-3062 News Business Entertainment Sports Travel and Lifestyle More > Immigration Food Features Marijuana News Ciao Willy Contact Become A Featured Company Food Features Marijuana News Ciao Willy Contact Become A Featured Company 9:46 pm » Donald Trump Could Impact Caribbean Tourism In 2017 7:05 pm » Caribbean Entertainment News Round-Up – Five Caribbean Artists Up For Grammy’s 7:03 pm » Caribbean Sports In Brief – West Indies Stars in PSL and More 7:02 pm » These Caribbean Nations Are Spending Millions On Crime 7:00 pm » From A Treehouse In The Bahamas To A Cottage In Negril, Airbnb Caribbean Offers It All What Tech Companies Say About Immigrants In Their Brief Against Trump’s Ban Published on Feb 06 2017, at 7:44 pm facebook email pinterest twitter google+ linkedin Men pray during a protest by NY Yemenis and supporters over President Donald Trump’s executive order. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) By NAN Contributor News Americas, LOS ANGELES, CA, Tues. Feb. 7, 2017: Late Sunday, some 127 tech companies, including Airbnb, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Intel, Netflix, Snap and Uber, filed an impassioned legal  amicus brief in  The United States Court Of Appeals For The Ninth Circuit in Washington, condemning Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration. Here are ten things the companies credit immigrants with in the brief: 1: Immigrants make many of the US’ greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies. 2: There is no denying the contributions inclusive immigration policies have made to the American economy. 3: Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft,Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald’s, Boeing, and Disney. Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion and employ millions of Americans. 4: Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists and 19.1 percent of immigrants from the Middle East and North Africa were entrepreneurs. 5: The experience and energy of people who come to our country to seek a better life for themselves and their children—to pursue the “American Dream”—are woven throughout the social, political, and economic fabric of the United States. 6: The tremendous impact of immigrants on America—and on American business—is not happenstance. People who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life necessarily are endowed with drive, creativity, determination—and just plain guts. The energy they bring to America is a key reason why the American economy has been the greatest engine of prosperity and innovation in history. 7: Immigrants are leading entrepreneurs. The American economy stands apart because, more than any other place on earth, talented people from around the globe want to come here to start their businesses. 8: While accounting for 16 percent of the labor force nationally and 18 percent of business owners, immigrants make up 28 percent of Main Street business owners. These are “the shops and services that are the backbone of neighborhoods around the country. 9: Immigrants also fuel the growth of the economy as a whole. When immigrants enter the labor force, they increase the productive capacity of the economy and raise GDP. Their incomes rise, but so do those of natives. 10: Immigrants do not take jobs away from U.S. citizens—they create them. Thus, immigration “expand[s] the American work-force, and encourage[s] more business start-ups”—ensuring that [b]usinesses ranging from Apple Corporation to apple growers would be able to find the workers they need in America. More Stories Donald Trump Could Impact Caribbean Tourism In 2017 Caribbean Entertainment News Round-Up – Five Caribbean Artists Up For Grammy’s Caribbean Sports In Brief – West Indies Stars in PSL and More These Caribbean Nations Are Spending Millions On Crime Immigrants: Know Your Rights! Trump’s America – Episode #4 -Trump’s Patriots facebook email pinterest twitter google+ linkedin Arthur Piccolo Deflategate op ed Patriots Players Protest Trump Patriots Superbowl Win Tom Brady tom Brady Trump's Man Trump's America Trump’s Patriots Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) Another Marley Takes On The Issues Of The Day News In Photos Slower | Start | Faster To see the full size images, you need to enable javascript in your browser. Network Partners Antigua Tribune Bahamas Spectator Barbados Gazette British Caribbeannews Caribbean ETRoundup Caribbean Financials Cuba Chronicle Dominica Gazette Dominican Republic Post Dutch Caribbean News French Caribbean News Guyana Inquirer Grenada Chronicle Haiti Gazette Jamaica Inquirer Puerto Rico Tribune St Kitts Gazette St Lucia Chronicle St Vincent Tribune Trinidad Tribune Bajan Reporter CaribPR Wire Invest Caribbean Now Hard Beat Communications Contact Us | Contribute | RSS Feed | About Us Learn How Your Company can Be Covered on NAN | Search for: Get The Latest News Right To Your Inbox, 5 Days A Week.Sign Up Now Copyright © 2015 Caribbean and Latin America Daily News Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Hosted by Hard Beat Communications.
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 SEARCH Network ViaSat Is Dramatically Expanding Satellite Broadband If the satellite broadband company gets it right, the market for satellite Internet might expand beyond its traditional niche of farms and mountain cabins. by Mike Freeman, The San Diego Union-Tribune / February 6, 2017 0 Twitter/ViaSatInc (TNS) -- About eight years ago, ViaSat Chief Executive Mark Dankberg bet the company he co-founded on satellite broadband, eventually spending $1 billion to transform a technology considered barely better than dial-up into a service that smoothly streams YouTube video. At the time, the space industry didn’t believe ViaSat could build a satellite with more capacity than all the other Internet satellites in orbit combined. And even if it did, there wasn’t enough demand to justify the cost of the satellite and distribution network needed to sell satellite Internet service which, while better, still fell short of cable and many telephone company alternatives. RELATEDHow New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane ForecastsSatellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband IndustrySmallSat Revolution: Tiny Satellites Poised to Make Big Contributions to Essential Science Today ViaSat-1, which launched in 2011, is full with 700,000 Internet subscribers. In addition, the satellite powers in-flight Wi-Fi on more than 500 commercial aircraft from JetBlue, American Airlines, United Airlines and Virgin America, delivering video streaming speeds to each seat. ViaSat-1 also provides in-flight Wi-Fi to Air Force One and other government VIP aircraft. The uptake for ViaSat-1 affirmed Dankberg’s belief in satellite broadband. So the company has doubled down, and then some. It plans to launch ViaSat-2 in late March/early April. The satellite will blast off from French Guiana on an Ariane 5 rocket. At around 300 gigabits per second capacity, the new satellite has about twice the bandwidth of ViaSat-1. The added horsepower will enable faster speeds and bulked up monthly data allowances so subscribers can watch more online video. “There are more and more over the top services – DirecTV Now, HBO Now,” said Dankberg in an interview. “There is just an enormous demand for bandwidth.” The new satellite also will expand coverage beyond North America and into Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, parts of South America and over the Atlantic Ocean. ViaSat-2 represents the latest test to Dankberg’s strategy of engineering satellites to maximize speed and economical bandwidth in hopes of mitigating the Achilles heel of satellite Internet – costly ground equipment/installation, data usage caps and latency. “We are not perfect but we are markedly better than (satellite Internet) used to be,” said Dankberg. “With ViaSat-2, we will be a lot better than ViaSat-1.” If ViaSat gets it right, the market for satellite Internet might expand beyond its traditional niche of farms and mountain cabins. “The better we can make our service, the bigger our market,” said Dankberg. “But that doesn’t mean we are going after people who have Google Fiber. What we are trying to do is go after a bigger segment of people who don’t have those speeds.” ViaSat-2 is the second act in ViaSat’s plan to dramatically expand bandwidth in orbit. The third act is being pieced together at a company-owned facility in Arizona, where workers are assembling payloads for ViaSat-3 – a three satellite constellation slated to begin launching in 2019. Each ViaSat-3 satellite will have 1 terabit-per-second maximum capacity – more than triple that of ViaSat-2. When all are in orbit, the company will have near global coverage. Boeing will build the satellites to carry ViaSat-3’s broadband payloads into space. According to ViaSat, the first two ViaSat-3 satellites will have twice the combined capacity of the 400 communications satellites in orbit today Meanwhile, the all-in cost of building, launching and insuring each ViaSat-3 satellite is expected to be the same as the all-in cost of ViaSat-2, or around $625 million. In theory, that should allow ViaSat to deliver more bandwidth to customers at good prices. “I think the pace of innovation has been faster in satellite than in terrestrial communications,” said Michael Crawford, an analyst with B. Riley & Co. ViaSat “has been very disruptive.” Some analysts are skeptical of ViaSat’s broadband ambitions, however. Wilton Fry of RBC Capital Markets wrote in a research report that the company initially believed it could pack 1.5 million subscribers on ViaSat-1. It ended up filling the satellite with just 700,000 subscribers – perhaps signaling that the company had to serve up more bandwidth than expected to subscribers to counter competitive pressure from non-satellite alternatives. Dankberg said the company is “far more concerned with the financial results than the number of customers we have. One of the things that has worked well for us is we have given more bandwidth to fewer people.” ViaSat faces direct competition from Hughes, owned by EchoStar. Hughes launched its second high capacity Jupiter-2 satellite in December, with an estimated throughput of roughly 200 gigabits per second. It will be delivering Internet service months before ViaSat-2 is up and running. Longer term, skeptics contend cable and fiber optic lines eventually will branch out beyond cities and into satellite’s rural stronghold. In addition, the roll-out of 5G cellular will beef up download speeds and capacity on terrestrial wireless networks, providing an alternative to satellite. And there are new competitors such as OneWeb, which in December got a $1 billion investment from Japan’s SoftBank. It proposes a constellation of 900 small, inexpensive low-orbit satellites globally with 10 terabits per second total capacity. They would offer low latency compared with bigger, high orbit satellites such as ViaSat’s. San Diego’s Qualcomm is an investor in OneWeb. “ViaSat faces a triple whammy over the next 15-plus years, the lifetime of a satellite: Fixed-line coverage build-out, mobile technology (7G by 2030?) and low earth orbit satellite systems designed to bring global broadband coverage,” said Fry, the RBC analyst. Dankberg has doubts about the business models, timing and capabilities of some rival solutions. Even so, he thinks there is plenty of demand for bandwidth to go around – not only from households but also from airlines for in-flight Wi-Fi, high-speed connectivity for cruise ships at sea, oil and gas exploration data streaming, border surveillance video monitoring and other government demands. “In 2020 if things go well, we’ll have three or four terabits up there,” he said. “The world market for bandwidth is probably going to be over 1,000 terabits.” At the cavernous Boeing Commercial Satellite Systems factory in El Segundo, everything seems super-sized: Ceilings seven stories from the floor, a 100-ton door guarding a thermal chamber that mimics the extreme temperatures in space, a pool size vibration table to simulate the violent shaking during launch. Even here, ViaSat-2’s size stands out compared with the other satellites under construction. It weighs as much as 4.5 Toyota Camrys. When fully deployed, its solar panels equal the wingspan of a 767 airliner, generating power equivalent to 300 60-watt light bulbs. It contains 23 miles of electrical wiring. ViaSat forbid pictures of the satellite. Four years ago, the company filed a lawsuit against the builder of ViaSat-1, Space Systems Loral of Palo Alto. It charged Loral with copying ViaSat’s patented payload designs and giving them to arch rival Hughes. In 2014, a San Diego jury found in ViaSat’s favor and ordered Loral to pay $283 million in damages. After a federal judge called for a new trial on the damage award, the companies settled for $100 million. ViaSat’s current residential Internet plans start with 12 megabits per second download speeds for $60 a month. For residential subscribers, there are usually data usage caps for satellite Internet hovering in the 10 to 30 gigabits per month range, which can be gobbled up quickly for subscribers who stream Netflix regularly. Still, satellite Internet is winning market share in rural areas, where speeds for wire line DSL can top out at 2 megabits per second, said Llluc Palerm, senior analysts with Northern Sky Research. About 14 million U.S. households are outside the cable/DSL footprint or have slow DSL service, according to industry estimates. ViaSat and Hughes combined have only about 1.7 million subscribers on their current ViaSat-1 and Jupiter-1 satellites. “The market penetration is still tiny compared with the total addressable market,” said Palerm. “ViaSat-2 and Jupiter-2 might be able to support 1 million extra subscribers each. So even after these new launches, there is still more market to cover.” ViaSat hasn’t disclosed details of the Internet plans it will offer with ViaSat-2. But analysts speculate they could start at 25 megabits per second. As for monthly data caps, Dankberg said the company hopes to have enough bandwidth so usage limits won’t be an problem for most subscribers. “We would like to make it where 85 percent or 90 percent of people would never go above them,” he said. One way ViaSat aims to ease the data-cap problem is with flexibility. It has designed ViaSat-2 so some of its bandwidth can be directed where there is peak demand, which usually occurs between 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. “The bandwidth in the evening rolls across the country from East Coast to West Coast as people watch Netflix,” said Crawford, the B. Riley & Co. analyst. “You can move some beams around to where there is demand.” ViaSat is more than an Internet service provider. Its Satellite Services division accounts for just 40 percent of $1.48 billion trailing 12 months revenue as of Sept. 30. The company also has large government/defense communications hardware and services arm, which provides 43 percent of revenue. And it designs airborne antennas and ground equipment for itself and other commercial satellite operators globally. Satellite Internet and defense, however, have been the main drivers of the company’s 52 percent increase in revenue since ViaSat-1 entered orbit in the fall of 2011. There is a pent up appetite in the U.S. for satellite Internet, since existing satellites have been full for more than a year, said Tim Farrar of Telecom Media and Finance Associates. “The purpose of the ViaSat-2 launch is to get back on track where they can add customers and also improve the service to keep pace with the improvements in terrestrial technology,” he said. With the upcoming ViaSat-3 launches, however, it’s less clear if there is a market globally, said Farrar. Some 470 million people worldwide don’t have good Internet access, according to industry estimates. But many of them can’t afford to pay hundreds of dollars for ground equipment and installation, plus a $50-$60 per month subscription fee.. “Maybe they only have $20 a month,” said Farrar. “So a lot of things ViaSat has done in the U.S., it is really unclear whether they can take those lessons and apply them directly to the broadband market in other parts of the world.” The first two ViaSat-3 satellites – aimed at the Americas and Europe/Middle East/Africa – are slated to launch six months apart starting in 2019. These satellites will be able to deliver 100 megabit per second residential Internet service – enough to power 4K video streaming. The third satellite is targeting Asia with an undetermined launch date. ViaSat-3 satellites are expected to have a lower cost per bit than ViaSat-2. That could benefit ViaSat as it figures out how to serve global markets where affordability is key, according to analysts. One example of a potential business model is creating satellite Wi-Fi hotspots in villages. Residents could tap into the hotspots using their smartphones, prepaying for data use in a way similar to prepaid cellular plans, said Dankberg. “You can see in the poorest towns in Mexico, the kids have smartphones,” he said. “They want to do the things that other kids do. The underlying demand is universal. The way you package and fulfill that demand will be different than in other markets. But to me those are more tactical issues than fundamental issues.” ©2017 The San Diego Union-Tribune Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED How New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane Forecasts Satellite Constellations May Challenge the Broadband Industry SmallSat Revolution: Tiny Satellites Poised to Make Big Contributions to Essential Science 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Network   Papers You may also like How New Mini-Satellites Could Impact Hurricane Forecasts MAGAZINE Government Technology January/February 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Schools Embrace Social Media to Create Culture and Community Download © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Space Boeing and NanoRacks to build first commercial space airlock David SzondyFebruary 7th, 2017 Rendering showing the NanoRacks Airlock Module installed on the ISS(Credit: NanoRacks) The International Space Station may have the internal volume of a 747, but when it comes to getting things in and out, it's about as accessible as a small garden shed. To speed up the launching of small satellites, Boeing and NanoRacks announced today that they are partnering to build the first commercial airlock for the station, an addition that will triple the number of satellite launches after it's installed in 2019. Currently, there are only two ways of getting from the ISS into space without losing cabin pressure. One is the large crew airlocks that are used by astronauts and the other is a small airlock attached to the Japanese Experimental module, which is used to launch CubeSats and other small payloads. The problem is, the latter can only handle so many satellites per launch cycle. The NanoRacks Airlock Module will be larger and more robust than the current airlock and will be able to handle a larger traffic of satellites and other payloads going outside the station. As the first privately funded commercial airlock, the new module will be built by NanoRacks while Boeing will supply the Passive Common Berthing Mechanism to connect it with one of the US modules. "The installation of NanoRacks' commercial airlock will help us keep up with demand," says Boeing International Space Station program manager Mark Mulqueen. "This is a big step in facilitating commercial business on the ISS." Source: Boeing Boeing and NanoRacks to build first commercial space airlock 1 / 1 Tags #International Space Station #Boeing Share this article Show 2 comments   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Harley-Davidson’s Road King Special gets the bagger treatment Three new uranium-rich minerals unearthed in Utah LG Watch Sport vs. Samsung Gear S3 Walking robot takes first steps into the market Recommended for you Latest in Space New electronics open up Venus for exploration Researchers lay claim to first find of elusive white dwarf pulsar Potentially habitable exoplanets may not be so habitable after all Is there life on Europa? NASA has a plan to find out Cosmic "spoon" may be an entirely new class of black hole First A-bomb casts light on Moon's origin Star-destroying black hole sets record for longest lunch Boeing and NanoRacks to build first commercial space airlock NASA carbon-fiber weather gliders could save lives and cash Stray black hole in Milky Way could be a cosmic bullet Origami-inspired satellite radiator folds when the heat is on ESO's OmegaCam captures a two billion pixel nebula view Editors Choice How do you solve fake news problem in the post-truth era? Compare the latest tech gear 475-hp Dodge Durango SRT is a muscle car in SUV clothing The five best tiny houses under $50,000 Paddle farther with inflatable-paddleboard tent and dual-blade paddle The last Concorde makes its final journey Getting out of Auto: Understanding Shutter Speed The Volkswagen Bug becomes an unlikely auction hero Jetpack pioneer David Mayman's new electric VTOL flying car project The best tech toys from the London Toy Fair The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 Perfection in the making: Bugatti lifts curtain on Chiron production line Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Land Rovers seen needing $17,000 price hike to offset border tax Bloomberg Ryan Beene and John Lippert 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO AutoNation CEO: Tariffs and border tax talk causes 'headache' for auto industry CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT As Washington mulls a tax on imports, an auto industry study suggests the policy would deliver the sharpest blow to Tata Motors Ltd.’s Jaguar Land Rover while giving a leg up to Tesla Inc. and Ford Motor Co. Quotes in the article Tata Motors Ltd TTM ▲ 38.09 +0.05 +0.13% Ford Motor Co F ▲ 12.51 +0.13 +1.05% General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.17 +0.09 +0.26% Mazda Motor Corp MZDAY ▲ 6.91 +0.08 +1.17% In what it calls a “thought exercise,” industry researcher Baum & Associates LLC estimates that most automakers would need to raise vehicle prices by thousands of dollars -- more than $17,000 per vehicle in Jaguar Land Rover’s case -- to recoup higher costs incurred under the House Republican-proposed border-adjusted tax. Ford would need to mull the smallest price hike among major automakers, at about $282 per vehicle, followed by General Motors Co. at $995, according to the report. The estimates aim to show the relative impact of the tax plan on each automaker, according to Alan Baum, the founder of West Bloomfield, Michigan-based Baum & Associates. Carmakers are unlikely to raise prices by more than a few thousand dollars per car and would also likely have to foot some of the higher tax burden. “The plan results in a net cost for automakers,” Baum said by phone. “Each company will then make its own decisions on pricing in order to best compete and maximize its profits.” Volvo and VW vehicle prices would have to rise by about $7,600 and $6,800 on average, according to estimates by Baum & Associates, which advises suppliers. President Donald Trump is said to be warming to the border-adjusted tax after initially viewing it as too complicated. The proposal to begin levying companies’ imports and domestic sales and make exports tax-exempt would completely overhaul the U.S. tax code. General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are among U.S. manufacturers getting behind the idea, while Toyota Motor Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. are among the corporate giants warning it will result in costlier products ranging from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts. © Ryan Beene and John Lippert   The Baum & Associates report accounts for imports of both finished vehicles and parts for domestic cars that are made overseas. The one automaker that may be able to keep prices steady would be Model S sedan maker Tesla. The proposed border tax may induce automakers to boost U.S. parts procurement and production from existing vehicle assembly plants, according to the report. Overseas automakers including Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd.’s Subaru, Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Mazda Motor Corp. and Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. may also consider expanding existing U.S. operations or building new capacity. Hurting Neighbors If auto sales slow, the tax would create an incentive for automakers to keep U.S. plants running at the expense of those in Canada and Mexico. That could encourage Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV to accelerate the conversion of its factory in Sterling Heights, Michigan, to build light-duty pickups there instead of Mexico, and to add medium- and heavy-duty truck output at the plant, said Dan Luria, an economist at the Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center in Ann Arbor and the lead author of the Baum & Associates report. Nissan Motor Co. might export more from Mexico to Latin American markets and less to the U.S. Volkswagen AG could build another U.S. assembly plant. Mazda and Mitsubishi, which rely entirely on imports to the U.S. market, may have to quit the U.S. market or pay other manufacturers to assemble their cars, Luria said. In its current form, the proposed border tax could lead to the production of up to 1 million additional vehicles in the U.S. and 50,000 more jobs at car and part assembly plants, Luria said. In a separate report Wednesday, Colin Langan, an analyst at UBS Securities LLC, said the proposed border tax could raise average prices in the U.S. by about 8 percent, or $2,500 per vehicle. That’s enough to reduce annual sales by about 2 million vehicles, he said. Langan said he expects a draft bill to be released in late February or early March. He pegged the chances of a border tax being enacted at less than 50 percent. The tax has a good chance of making its way through the House of Representatives but is “very unlikely” to pass in the Senate, Langan said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Online Learning Update Online Learning News and Research ~ Ray Schroeder, editor ~ University of Illinois at Springfield « Brief interventions help online learners persist with coursework, Stanford research finds Deep-learning based online cognitive tutor under development at Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine, NTU » UTA works with Boeing, NASA, MIT to improve online students’ completion rates by University of Texas Arlington Researchers at The University of Texas at Arlington are working with Boeing, NASA and Massachusetts Institute of Technology to better understand the role that social networks play in the completion rates and academic performance of students taking online courses. “Learning online is exploding in popularity, as is the research evaluating how to best learn with technology,” said George Siemens, executive director of UTA’s Learning Innovation and Networked Knowledge Research Lab and principal investigator of the study. “This project with LINK Research Lab will examine how social networks contribute to student success.” https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2017-01/uota-uww011917.php Share on Facebook This entry was posted on Tuesday, February 7th, 2017 at 12:02 am and is filed under Online Learning News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed. Comments are closed. Online Learning Update is proudly powered by WordPress Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS).
