Home India news Aero India 2017: To fly off INS Vikramaditya, Boeing’s F/A-18 Super Hornet awaits Parrikar’s big Strategic partnership model Aero India 2017: To fly off INS Vikramaditya, Boeing’s F/A-18 Super Hornet awaits Parrikar’s big Strategic partnership model US defence major Boeing is keenly looking to bag the contract for Indian Navy's multi-role carrier-borne fighter jets. By: Smriti Jain | Published: February 17, 2017 1:07 PM Offering its F/A-18, Boeing has said that it is awaiting the final strategic partnership model from the Ministry of Defence. (US Navy photo) Aero India 2017: US defence major Boeing is keenly looking to bag the contract for Indian Navy’s multi-role carrier-borne fighter jets. Offering its F/A-18, Boeing has said that it is awaiting the final strategic partnership model from the Ministry of Defence, before it works out its ‘Make in India’ plan for the fighter jet. “We are excited by the offer in the Indian Navy for the carrier-borne fighter aircraft. If you look around the world, then the most lethal, undefeated platform which can look into the future for the next 40 to 50 years is the F/A-18. We will work with the Indian Navy to be partners. We have also noted very clearly what the Defence Minister said that if you want to buy a fighter it has to be ‘Made in India’. We will certainly take a close look at that at work through our partnership models to respond to the Indian Navy’s needs,” Pratyush Kumar, President of Boeing India told FE Online. Asked whether Boeing has identified any partners for the F/A-18 project, Pratyush Kumar said, “We are waiting for the new strategic partnership model. We are awaiting that clarity from the MoD, but, even before that we have to get the supplier base ready. We are working with the Indian supplier base to figure out the gaps and work out a plan for this.” Watch: US Navy’s F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft fly missions over Iraq and Syria against ISIL The Indian Navy recently ‘rejected’ the indigenous LCA Tejas carrier-borne aircraft on the grounds that it is “too heavy”. It launched a Request for Information to procure 57 multi-role combat aircraft for its carrier. Six planes are said to be compatible for aircraft carrier flying. These are Rafale, F-18 Super Hornet, MIG-29K, F-35B and F-35C, and Gripen. It is being said that the Indian Navy would prefer a twin-engine fighter aircraft, which implies that F-18, Rafale and MIG-29K would fit the role. The Indian Navy already has eight Boeing’s P-8I Poseidon long-range surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft. Last year, the Defence Ministry cleared the $1 billion deal for acquisition for another 4 P8Is. Kumar said that Boeing will start delivering these to the Indian Navy by 2020. “P8I has given unrivaled capability to protect our shores coast to coast, all of 7,000 miles of shoreline that we have. P8Is have become not only the eyes and ears of the Navy, but they are also a very lethal platform,” he said. Known as the ‘hawk eyes’ of Indian Navy give the Indian Navy a much needed boost for maritime surveillance capability in the Indian Ocean. The acquisition of four more P8Is is also significant in the backdrop of increased sightings of Chinese submarines in the Indian Ocean region. Meanwhile, Boeing is making the Apache, Chinook attack and transport helicopters for the Indian Air Force. “As far as Apache and Chinook are concerned, we are in production as we speak, we should be able to deliver by 2019. We have set a partnership with Tata Advanced Systems to make the fuselages for Apache. The future, 2019 Apache will have the ‘Made in India’ fuselage,” Kumar said. Don’t miss! Aero India 2017: Check out the stunning photos! Boeing is also looking to contribute to the government’s Skill India programme and has already sent a proposal for ‘skilling’ 1,000 people a year. “We are investing across the entire eco system of aerospace and defence – engineering, supply chain and sourcing, manufacturing. We have a very comprehensive skill development programme. We sponsor a pan-India competition for aero modeling, which is anchored by IITs. We are working with IITs and ISCs for high-end R&D. We are also working on frontline factory training,” Kumar told FE Online. Highlighting the importance of job creation, Kumar said, “The skilled workforce is a perishable skill. So if you train somebody and don’t give them work, then the skill degrades. So, if we train people, there has to be a way to absorb them into the workforce. On an average we look at 30-50 people per year per batch. We have a proposal with the Skills Ministry to expand that to almost 1000 per year, so that is 10,000 over the next 10 years,” he added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Union Budget 2017: 4 things that can impact your savings and increase tax liability Union Budget 2017: 5 things that can help you save money Union Budget 2017 provides leeway to increase power demand, wanting in tackling stressed assets: Experts Union Budget 2017 - income tax rates: Here's what the new 10% surcharge will cost the super-rich Rs 2,349.79 crore deficit budget presented in Assam Assembly Trending Now Essar Group phone tapping: Supreme Court dismisses ICEGATE's petition seeking SIT probe Insurance terms made easy for first time buyers! Dr Reddy's Laboratories says no claims for monetary damages in US patent case India and Pakistan to set to face each other before ICC Champions Trophy NASA to create first-ever space technology research institutes Graft case: TV actor Anuj Saxena sent to 3-day police custody PIO Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi calls for probe into Flynn-Russia interactions Lingering effects of demonetisation on PepsiCo business: CEO Indra Nooyi The Ghazi Attack box office collections opening day prediction: Rana Daggubati film to earn Rs 2 cr despite whipping up patriotic fervour Coking coal requirements are still not being met by India: Coal India CMD S Bhattacharya Tamil Nadu political crisis: DMK will not participate in E Palaniswamy's floor test, says Kanimozhi  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: बाराबंकी में चमक रही अखिलेश की छवि, बीजेपी धुल गई नोटबंदी के बदलाव में! यूपी चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: उन्‍नाव में सपा, भाजपा के बागी बिगाड़ सकते हैं खेल UP चुनाव ग्राउंड रिपोर्ट: नई विधानसभा बनने से क्षेत्र में पहुंची है विकास की साइकिल लेकिन दलितों-किसानों की स्थिति में बदलाव नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines After failed union vote, Boeing hails Trump visit to S.C. plant The Associated Press | Friday, Feb. 17, 2017, 12:51 a.m. International Association of Machinists organizer Mike Evans speaks to the media at the IAM's office in North Charleston, S.C., Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. Production workers at Boeing's South Carolina plant voted Wednesday not to join the Machinists, maintaining southern reluctance toward unionization. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 3 hours ago COLUMBIA, S.C. — Boeing workers' overwhelming anti-union vote at the aviation giant's 787 Dreamliner plant in South Carolina is a big victory for Southern politicians and business leaders who have lured manufacturing jobs to the region on the promise of keeping unions out. It's also a win for the company, which will host President Trump on Friday at its North Charleston facilities. Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to vote Wednesday on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace workers. According to Boeing, nearly 74 percent of the more than 2,800 votes cast were against representation. It was a massive victory for union opponents, in line with longstanding Southern aversion to collective bargaining. At 1.6 percent, South Carolina maintains the lowest percentage of unionized workers in the country, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Its neighboring states, North Carolina and Georgia, hover slightly higher but still in low territory, at 3.0 and 3.9 percent, respectively. Other large-scale Southern unionization efforts haven't met recent success. In 2014, Volkswagen workers in Chattanooga, Tenn., turned down representation by the United Autoworkers. For years, organizers have campaigned for representation among Nissan workers in Canton, Miss., but no vote has been scheduled. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state's minuscule union presence. “I think a failed vote isn't that big of a deal, because that's frankly the norm in the South,” said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor who specializes in labor relations at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. “The culture here, at least in recent memory, has not been pro-union.” Had the results at Boeing been reversed, Hirsch says, the ripple effect could have been dramatic. Politicians such as former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley — who, directly and via her labor secretary Catherine Templeton, adamantly spoke against the need for unions here — would be forced to rethink business recruitment strategies, and corporations also might think more carefully about locating in South Carolina. “We'll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted and not welcome in the state of South Carolina,” Haley said in a 2012 address. She has since been appointed ambassador to the United Nations by Trump. During her 2014 re-election campaign, Haley said she and others “discourage any companies that have unions from wanting to come to South Carolina because we don't want to taint the water.” More Business Work advances on site of planned Sheetz in Harrison Thimble tossed! Game piece voted out of Monopoly board game Take a breath: Stocks slow down after a record-setting run Snap lowers valuation expectations in highly awaited IPO Big banks to lobby for easing of suspicious activity reporting rules TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Drug ring crackdown leads to 4 more arrests in Westmoreland Sidney Crosby's career milestones on the road to 1,000 points Crosby scores 1,000th career point on 1st-period assist vs. Jets Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Lunar New Year, Cupid's Undie Run and Eurasian Eagle Owlet (Feb. 6 - 12) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Christie says Trump made him order the meatloaf at meal together Trump family’s elaborate lifestyle is a ‘logistical nightmare’ A reporter called out President Trump on his faulty electoral college math YouTube star’s anti-Semitic posts a wake-up call for parents Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In S.C. Boeing workers reject union E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Sean Rayford/New York Times A demonstrator turned out in favor of unionization during a rally with Boeing workers in North Charleston on Monday. By Meg Kinnard Associated Press  February 17, 2017 COLUMBIA, S.C. — Boeing workers’ overwhelming anti-union vote at the aviation giant’s 787 Dreamliner plant in South Carolina is a big victory for Southern politicians and business leaders who have lured manufacturing jobs to the region on the promise of keeping unions out. It’s also a win for the company, which will host President Trump at its North Charleston facilities Friday. Advertisement Nearly 3,000 workers were eligible to vote Wednesday on representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace workers. According to Boeing, nearly 74 percent of the more than 2,800 votes cast were against union representation. It was a massive victory for union opponents, in line with a longstanding Southern aversion to collective bargaining. At 1.6 percent, South Carolina maintains the lowest percentage of unionized workers in the country, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. Its neighboring states, North Carolina and Georgia, hover slightly higher but still in low territory, at 3.0 and 3.9 percent, respectively. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Other recent large-scale Southern unionization efforts haven’t met with success, either. In 2014, Volkswagen workers in Chattanooga, Tenn., rejected the United Autoworkers. For years, organizers have campaigned for representation among Nissan workers in Canton, Miss., but no vote has been scheduled. Boeing came to South Carolina in part because of the state’s minuscule union presence. ‘‘I think a failed vote isn’t that big of a deal because that’s frankly the norm in the South,’’ said Jeffrey Hirsch, a law professor at the University of North Carolina. ‘‘The culture here, at least in recent memory, has not been pro-union.’’ Had the results at Boeing been reversed, Hirsch said, the ripple effect could have been dramatic. Politicians such as former South Carolina governor Nikki Haley — who adamantly spoke against the need for unions — would be forced to rethink business recruitment strategies, and corporations also might think more carefully about locating in South Carolina. Advertisement ‘‘We’ll make the unions understand full well that they are not needed, not wanted, and not welcome in the state of South Carolina,’’ Haley said in 2012. She has since been appointed ambassador to the United Nations by President Trump. During her 2014 reelection campaign, Haley said she and others ‘‘discourage any companies that have unions from wanting to come to South Carolina because we don’t want to taint the water.’’ Union opposition in this heavily Republican state is tied to politics, given Democrats’ longstanding ties to organized labor. Any lenience toward unions could be seen as giving Democrats a toehold in the state, where both legislative chambers and the governor’s office have long been controlled by Republicans. ‘‘If they were successful it would be huge, I think,’’ Hirsch said. ‘‘The numbers by themselves are not going to move the dial nationally in a substantive way, but the symbolism of it would be quite large.’’ Boeing workers will have to wait at least a year before voting again, and Machinist organizers have said they’ll wait and see about their next steps. Despite more manufacturing jobs coming to the state, South Carolina saw the largest drop in union members as a percentage of employed workers over the past decade, according to BLS data. It’s not all bad news for unions in the South, however. In the face of falling union membership nationwide, six of the 11 states that were part of the old Confederacy saw more modest losses in that time. Mississippi, Florida, and Virginia even saw gains. Boeing’s massive win gives the company a boost for Friday’s visit from Trump, who blasted the manufacturer during last year’s presidential campaign for the cost of building a new Air Force One. ‘‘Costs are out of control,’’ Trump tweeted in early December. ‘‘Cancel order!’’ Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump two weeks later. Trump’s visit will also be his first since naming law school dean R. Alexander Acosta to lead the Department of Labor, following the withdrawal of Andrew Puzder. Acosta has served on the National Labor Relations Board and as a federal prosecutor in Florida and was an assistant attorney general for civil rights under President George W. Bush. Boeing general manager Joan Robinson-Berry looked past the union vote to Trump’s visit. ‘‘It is great to have this vote behind us as we come together to celebrate that event,’’ she said. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Christie says Trump made him order the meatloaf at meal together Trump family’s elaborate lifestyle is a ‘logistical nightmare’ A reporter called out President Trump on his faulty electoral college math Facebook’s Zuckerberg, bucking tide, takes public stand against isolationism Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Trader Talk Global Investing Hot Spots Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Aerospace & Defense F-35 program head pressed on Trump call as fighter cost 'on track' to fall 15 percent Jeff Daniels | @jeffdanielsca 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Source: Createordie | Flickr F-35 Lightning II The Pentagon's F-35 program head told a House Armed Services subcommittee on Thursday the price of the fighter is "on track" to reach as low as $80 million in 2019, which is lower than previously indicated. Lt. General Christopher Bogdan, the Defense Department's F-35 program executive officer, also confirmed in his testimony that he had a phone call with President Donald Trump days before the inauguration and Boeing's CEO was in the same room as Trump and overheard their conversation. Analysts say the call was somewhat surprising given Boeing's F-18 Super Hornet fighter jet is a competitor to Lockheed Martin's F-35 aircraft. "That strikes me as unusual," Morningstar defense analyst Chris Higgins told CNBC. Even so, the analyst said conversations between acquisition officials and companies take place all the time. "It depends what the content of the conversation was," he said. "It's important to understand that the discussions … we had were all pre-decisional," said Bogdan. "There were no decisions made during those conversations." According to Bogdan, he and Trump had two separate phone conversations before the inauguration — Jan. 9 and Jan. 17 — that followed Bogdan and other military officers' December meeting with the president-elect at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida. The calls were first reported by Bloomberg. Talking to reporters after the hearing, Bogdan said Trump's call, which Boeing's CEO listened in on, "was not inappropriate." A Pentagon official told CNBC they had no additional comment. The Trump call when Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was in the room took place Jan. 17, three days before Trump's inauguration. A Boeing spokesman emailed CNBC, saying the company had no comment about the call. Lockheed didn't respond to a request for comment for this story. Thursday's hearing before the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces was scheduled to provide an update on the F-35 program. Bogdan's remarks about the Trump calls were in response to a comment from the chairman of the subcommittee, Rep. Michael Turner (R-Ohio). "There's been some media reports that the president has called you directly and that that's a break in the chain of command," he said. "It is my belief that President-elect Trump at the time was attempting to gain more information about the F-35 and its affordability," Bogdan replied. "Trying to get more information about the F-35's capabilities relative to the Super Hornet [made by Boeing]. And trying to get more information about the presidential aircraft replacement program." The presidential aircraft replacement program is the government's plan to buy new Boeing 747 Air Force One jets. Bogdan maintained that the questions the president-elect asked later formed the foundation of the F-35 review ordered by Defense Secretary James Mattis. He explained that the secretary's order includes looking at both the "affordability of the F-35 now and in the future" as well as the "complementary mix" of the F-35C and F-18 on Navy carrier decks. Lockheed has been under pressure to reduce the costs of the F-35 aircraft, a program expected to cost more than $1 trillion over its life cycle, last estimated at about 53 years. The next-generation fighter is the Pentagon's most expensive program ever. There are three different variants of the F-35 fifth-generation fighter, the F-35A for the Air Force, the F-35B for the Marines and the F-35C for the Navy. The total U.S. military buy on the F-35 program is expected to reach 2,443 planes, and out of that 1,763 jets will be the Air Force variant. There also are foreign military partners participating in the acquisition program. When including the foreign sales, there will be around 3,000 F-35 aircraft. Lockheed has already delivered more than 200 F-35 planes. Earlier this month, Lockheed reached an agreement with the government for lot 10 of the F-35 fighter. The deal was for 90 F-35 aircraft, including the F-35A variant selling for $94.6 million apiece — a decline of 7.3 percent from the prior lot and the first time it was below the $100 million mark. "We believe we are on track to continue to reduce the price of the F-35," said Bogdan. Specifically, he said in 2019 the F-35A variant will cost between $80 million and $85 million. If the $80 million price target is realized on the F-35A, that would represent about 15 percent savings on the plane when compared with the last production lot contract. Higgins, the defense analyst, said there needs to be larger block buys to get the production costs down. "They've been saying $85 million is kind of the target they're looking at for a fly-away cost on it," said Higgins. "So it's a little lower than they've been talking about." Bogdan said the military plans to increase production lots significantly as part of what he termed the "largest ramp up in the program's history." "The government-industry team remains laser-focused on driving the cost of buying the F-35's down. We continue to see lot-over-lot price reductions." Back in December, Trump tweeted about cost issues with the F-35 and added, "I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet." The F-18 is a fourth-generation fighter jet and doesn't have the advanced stealth capabilities found in the F-35 aircraft. The F-35 has been a controversial program and plagued by cost overruns and technical issues over the years. Last fall, the Air Force grounded around a dozen F-35 jets when it found faulty insulation in fuel tank lines. Bogdan said the insulation issue was resolved. He added that aircraft deliveries are recovering and will be back on production schedule by this summer. Several other senior military officials testified that the U.S. military needs the F-35 more than ever. In testimony at Thursday's House hearing, Navy Rear Admiral DeWolfe Miller praised the F-35C's capabilities and said the fighter "will form the backbone of the Navy air combat superiority for decades to come." Miller contended that the F-35C "provides unique capabilities that can't be matched by modernizing fourth-generation aircraft." Specifically, he cited the Lockheed plane's stealth technology and advanced integrated systems that "greatly enhances a carrier strike group's battle space awareness and survivability to prevail in a high-end conflict." Similarly, Marine Corp Lt. General Jon Davis was effusive in his remarks about the F-35. He also said the Marine Corp needs the F-35 because of its aging fighter fleet in the field. Said Davis, "I'm becoming increasingly convinced that we have a game-changer, a war winner on our hands. We can't get into those airplanes fast enough." Jeff DanielsCoordinating Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA ---
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Boeing, SpaceX Safety Risks May Delay US Astronaut Travel Boeing, SpaceX Safety Risks May Delay US Astronaut Travel Feb 16, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing parachute systems haven’t been adequately evaluated and SpaceX engine turbines have cracked during testing, the Government Accountability Office said in a report. Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. and Space Exploration Technologies Corp. won’t be certified this year to send astronauts to space and may be delayed into 2019 because of potential safety hazards, according to U.S. investigators. Boeing parachute systems haven’t been adequately evaluated and SpaceX engine turbines have cracked during testing, the Government Accountability Office said in a report Thursday that outlined risks to the company programs. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration agreed to renegotiate its contracts with Boeing and SpaceX to delay certification reviews that had been scheduled for this year, the GAO said. The lagging certification process is significant because the U.S.’s contract with Russia for transportation to the International Space Station expires in 2019. Any lapse between when the contract with Russia ends and Boeing or Elon Musk’s SpaceX being ready would hamper returns on the billions of dollars NASA has invested in the station, the GAO said. “Given the delays in the Commercial Crew Program, GAO recommends that NASA develop and report to Congress on its contingency plans for maintaining a U.S. presence on the ISS beyond 2018,” the agency wrote in its report. Since the Space Shuttle program ended in 2011, American astronauts have relied on Roscosmos, the Russian Federal Space Agency, to ferry them to the station. NASA selected both Boeing and SpaceX in 2014 to develop commercial crew transportation capabilities. Popular Now Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 From the Factory Floor to the Boardroom: What I’ve Learned in Manufacturing Four Reverse Logistics Problems: Solved Rocket Risks NASA is reviewing Boeing’s parachute testing plans to determine whether enough data will be generated, the GAO said in its report. Officials with NASA and the United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin Corp., also have struggled to access design data involving the Russian-built engine Boeing is using to verify that it meets certification requirements. Cracks that formed in the turbines of SpaceX’s engine during testing in 2015 pose “an unacceptable risk for human spaceflight,” NASA told the company. SpaceX is making design changes that address the cracking issue, according to the report. The GAO’s findings follow a September report by NASA’s Office of Inspector General, which warned of “multiple challenges that will likely delay the first routine flight carrying NASA astronauts to the ISS until late 2018.” Agency funding challenges, delays in NASA’s evaluation process and technical challenges with spacecraft designs have all contributed to the program falling behind schedule.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles SpaceX Launches Near Gas Projects Worry Energy Regulators Boeing's Fortunes Brighten as Trump Warms to Value of Ex-Im Bank NASA Names Astronauts for Boeing, SpaceX Flights SpaceX Delays Next Launch After Blast SpaceX Sues Air Force, Protests Lack of Competition in Satellite Launch Contracts THE LATEST Boeing, SpaceX Safety Risks May Delay US Astronaut Travel Trump Nominates Ex-NLRB Member as Labor Secretary Koch-Backed Group to Unveil National Campaign to Kill Import Tax Breaking Bad! How to Launch Your IoT Career Supporting a Culture of Caring Can Reduce Injuries and Costs, Improve Performance UAW Sends Organizers to Tesla to Push Union More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 13, 2017 News IndustryWeek Bosch’s Electric Outlook The company’s head of battery systems talks about what the future holds for autonomous, hybrid and electric vehicles....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening GE Aviation’s Five-Year US Investment Includes New Plants Message to President Trump: Stop Whining and Start Leading From the Factory Floor to the Boardroom: What I’ve Learned in Manufacturing Boeing Machinists Vote Down Union in South Carolina IW Webinars Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers How Qantas Airlines is using intuitive forecasting to win its fight for survival Optimize Service Parts for Profits Why Planning for Service is a Top Priority Embraer Flies High with New Service Parts Strategy Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing, Juneyao Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Marks first Boeing order for privately-owned Chinese carrier Includes options for five additional 787-9s News provided by Boeing Feb 16, 2017, 19:30 ET Share this article SHANGHAI, Feb. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Juneyao Airlines announced today the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at about $1.32 billion at current list prices. This new order, which also includes options for five more 787-9s, represents the Shanghai-based private airline's first Boeing order and first widebody airplane order. "Our strategic vision is to develop into an international airline that provides high quality service with an extended network, while ensuring excellent profitability," said Wang Junjin, Chairman, Juneyao Airlines. "Today's order is set to play a key role in our growing business in the years to come, and we look forward to continuing our relationship with Boeing into the future."   Juneyao Airlines, one of China's largest private carriers, was founded in 2005 and started operation in 2006. It currently operates domestic routes and short-haul international flights to neighboring countries such as Japan, South Korea and Thailand. The carrier plans to open new routes to North America, Europe and Australia by 2020. "We are pleased to welcome Juneyao Airlines as a new Boeing customer," said Rick Anderson, vice president of Sales for Northeast Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "This order is an endorsement of their confidence in the 787 Dreamliner, which is the first choice for many single-aisle operators to start widebody operations."   The 787-9 Dreamliner will deliver unmatched fuel efficiency to Juneyao Airlines, keeping the carrier competitive in this challenging economic environment. The 787-9 leverages the visionary design of the 787-8, offering passenger pleasing features such as large, dimmable windows, large stow bins, modern LED lighting, higher humidity, a lower cabin altitude, cleaner air and a smoother ride. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 5925 5505 yukui.wang@boeing.com     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-juneyao-airlines-finalize-order-for-five-787-9-dreamliners-300409320.html SOURCE Boeing Feb 14, 2017, 11:31 ET Preview: Boeing Media Advisory: Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner Debut My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 14, 2017, 11:31 ETBoeing Media Advisory: Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner Debut Feb 10, 2017, 11:00 ETBoeing CFO Smith to Speak at Barclays Industrial Select... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Boeing, Juneyao Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners News provided by Boeing Feb 16, 2017, 19:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 February 2017 by Military News Boeing, Juneyao Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners SHANGHAI, Feb. 16, 2017 — Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Juneyao Airlines announced today the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at about $1.32 billion at current list prices. This new order, which also includes options for five more 787-9s, represents the Shanghai-based private airline’s first Boeing order and first widebody airplane order. „Our strategic vision is to develop into an international airline that provides high quality service with an extended network, while ensuring excellent profitability,” said Wang Junjin, Chairman, Juneyao Airlines. „Today’s order is set to play a key role in our growing business in the years to come, and we look forward to continuing our relationship with Boeing into the future.”   Juneyao Airlines, one of China’s largest private carriers, was founded in 2005 and started operation in 2006. It currently operates domestic routes and short-haul international flights to neighboring countries such as Japan, South Korea and Thailand. The carrier plans to open new routes to North America, Europe and Australia by 2020. „We are pleased to welcome Juneyao Airlines as a new Boeing customer,” said Rick Anderson, vice president of Sales for Northeast Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. „This order is an endorsement of their confidence in the 787 Dreamliner, which is the first choice for many single-aisle operators to start widebody operations.”   The 787-9 Dreamliner will deliver unmatched fuel efficiency to Juneyao Airlines, keeping the carrier competitive in this challenging economic environment. The 787-9 leverages the visionary design of the 787-8, offering passenger pleasing features such as large, dimmable windows, large stow bins, modern LED lighting, higher humidity, a lower cabin altitude, cleaner air and a smoother ride. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 5925 5505 yukui.wang@boeing.com     SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, carrier, Contracts, Environment, private, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Masimo Anuncia el Marcado CE de la Medición de la Frecuencia Respiratoria en MightySat™ Rx Next PostNext Dangerous 4 a.m. Bar Bill Provokes Immediate Statewide Opposition Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Vátryggingafélag Íslands hf. – kynning á uppgjöri RF IDeas présente le nouveau pcProx® Plus BLE avec technologie Bluetooth® et ses solutions partenaires au salon HIMSS17 Exchange Bank Da la Bienvenida a Antonio Rosales, Consultor de Préstamos Hipotecarios Residenciales. Se Invirtió en Servir a la Comunidad Hispana Fjárfestakynning TM vegna uppgjörs fjórða ársfjórðungs 2016. N1 hf: Fjárfestakynning 4. ársfjórðungs 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:04 GMT +317 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search 'Potentially Disruptive': Rival CEO Listened In On Trump's F-35 Call © Flickr/ Lockheed Martin Military & Intelligence 03:38 17.02.2017Get short URL 248021 When US President Donald Trump made good on his promise to negotiate the “out of control” cost of the Lockheed Martin F-35 program during the period leading up to his inauguration, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was sitting in the same Trump Tower office during one of the calls. © Flickr/ Samuel King Jr Putting Out Fires: F-35 Blaze Caused by Fuel Around the TailpipeTrump tweeted that he would ask Boeing to "price out" a comparable F/A-18 Super Hornet, even though the Super Hornet is a fourth-generation fighter and has fundamentally different capabilities than the fifth-generation F-35. Trump made a "highly unusual" call to Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan, the F-35 program manager, on January 17, when Boeing’s Muilenburg was in the room, Bloomberg reported. The Boeing CEO "appeared caught off-guard but was able to listen in on the call, according to two people familiar with the calls, who asked to remain anonymous discussing sensitive information." "When a president ignores the chain of command by going directly to a program manager, it creates chaos in the system," defense analyst Loren Thompson said. Thompson, who has also consulted for Lockheed Martin, pointed out that the kinds of decisive action admired in business "can unhinge a military organization that depends on order and discipline." The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter contract was awarded in 2001 in a winner-take-all scenario. Hence, discussing a contract completed 16 years ago was unprecedented for a sitting president or president-elect and "potentially disruptive," according to the analyst. The president usually communicates with the secretary of defense directly about military programs, not with a general or one of lower rank, rendering the calls "a breach of tradition," The News & Observer pointed out. But given that the F-35 is the most expensive weapons program in history, Trump might be forgiven for defying conventional procedures to accomplish one of his campaign goals. On Thursday, Bogdan confirmed that Muilenburg was sitting in on Trump’s call about the F-35. Muilenburg’s audience during the calls "was not inappropriate," Bogdan noted, adding that he "would consider the calls to be very straightforward." Trump "asked a lot of very, very, very good questions," he said.   © Flickr/ National Museum of the US Navy Did Trump Really Bring Down Price of F-35? Being in the same room as Trump, in the Trump Tower, and seeing him take a call "is part of Trump’s casual M.O.," Mike Allen, founder of Axios, wrote Thursday morning. "We talked to people who had the surreal experience of being in his Trump Tower office, then having him interrupt to take a call about an unrelated personnel matter – sometimes very sensitive. One visitor got up to step out, and Trump motioned for him to stay. But it got so awkward that the guest stepped out anyway." ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 21 Related: At Trump's Hands: Pentagon Buys 90 F-35 Jets at Discount Saving $728 Million Trump Vows Border Wall's Price Will Come 'Way Down' Like F-35 Cost Did Trump Really Bring Down Price of F-35? Trump Promises Changes to ‘Out of Control’ F-35 Program 'Dumbest Fighter Program Ever Conceived': Why Trump Should Cancel F-35 Tags: F-35, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Trump Tower, Dennis Muilenburg, Chris Bogdan, Donald Trump, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply jas 03:49 17.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete according to two people familiar with the calls, who asked to remain anonymous discussing sensitive information." -- It's a felony and I hope they are prepared for prison. Reply michael 07:44 17.02.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete that's the way that he wants to control the ceo's of the various industries. If it works within the corporatised wh and government, then that's how he will get his way for the electorate that voted for him.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 11:52Mogherini Reaffirms EU to Recognize China as Market Economy 11:48India, Israel to Jointly Upgrade Mi-17 Helicopters of Indian Air Force 11:41No More Big Fat Wedding for Indians? 11:35Russia's 2016 Economic Performance Better Than Expected - Putin 11:28Russia is 'the Only State That Can Bring' Damascus to Speak With Syrian RebelsAll news ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 24501 Over 9,000 People Sign Petition Urging Trump to Expel Soros From US 11885 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier 11822 Russia's New T-50 Stealth Air Superiority Fighter 'Needed' to Boost Tech 9835 New Clinton Emails? WikiLeaks Teasing Public With Mysterious 'Vault 7' 8235All news Trump Expects Russia to 'Return Crimea' to Ukraine - White House 141 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 120 US Asking Russia to Return Crimea is Like Moscow Asking US to Return California 46 'Russia Does Not Return Its Territories' - Moscow on WH Statement on Crimea 46 Awkward: Tillerson and Lavrov First Meeting Makes Journalists Cringe 38All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Underwater Photographer of the Year Winners Show Aquatic Beauty Across the Globe Position of Strength, Huh? How the EU Has Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 93 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Paying passengers now flying on United's new Boeing 777-300ER Aircraft is United’s first to include its updated “Polaris” business-class seats. Post to Facebook Paying passengers now flying on United's new Boeing 777-300ER Aircraft is United’s first  to include its updated “Polaris” business-class seats.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lncpAI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Paying passengers now flying on United's new Boeing 777-300ER Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 6:28 p.m. ET Feb. 16, 2017 | Updated 9 hours ago 54 Shares The flight crew aboard United's first revenue flight on the carrier's new Boeing 777-300ER pose for a picture prior to departing Newark Liberty airport on Thursday, Feb. 16, 2017.  (Photo: United Airlines) After a splashy public debut on Monday, United Airlines’ brand new Boeing 777-300ER flew paying passengers for the first time Thursday morning. The new aircraft debuted on a 7 a.m. flight from Newark Liberty to San Francisco, with Flight 539 arriving to California about a half-hour ahead of schedule, according to United’s website. While United grabbed headlines with a special demonstration flight with the plane Monday, Thursday marked the aircraft's entry into regular scheduled service for the carrier. The new 777-300ER is United’s first to include its new “Polaris” business-class seats, a revamp of premium seating that the carrier hopes will help it win back high-yield customers that it’s lost this decade to rivals like Delta and American. The jet's new cabin features updated lie-flat seats and direct-aisle access for all passengers in the Polaris cabin. The economy cabin is updated too, though customers may find the 10-abreast, 3-4-3 layout to be a bit tight. United will slowly incorporate its latest cabin update to across more of its long-haul fleet as it takes delivery of additional 777-300ER aircraft. The airline took delivery of its first model of the jet – the same one that flew Thursday’s flight – in December. United expects to add 13 more to its fleet this year. United's new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris cabin gets splashy debut flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United shows off its new Boeing 777-300ER, Polaris business class  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The coach-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz (left) poses with Brian Kelly of The Points Guy blog ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center) and other employees perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz welcomes media and VIPs on to a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz checks a boarding pass ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A teddy bear keeps watch over the in-flight entertainment screen in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Polaris business-class seat is seen reclined into its flat-bed position onboard a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz (center) poses with other employees ahead of a special flight of the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United chef prepares the gallery on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United debuted its newest flagship aircraft -- the Boeing 777-300 ER -- with a special media flight from Chicago O'Hare to San Francisco on Feb. 13, 2017.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A teddy bear keeps watch in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant welcomes visitors onboard a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Even the pilot rest areas were equipped with United's Saks Fifth Avenue bedding for the carrier's special media flight on Feb. 13, 2017.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An airline-themed teddy bear keeps watch in the Polaris business-class cabin on a special flight of United's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United CEO Oscar Munoz speaks at a press event ahead of a special flight on the airline's first Boeing 777-300ER.  Harriest Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center, with giant scissors) performs a ribbon-cutting ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (center) poses with crew ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (left) posed with crew ahead of the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen United Airlines CEO performed gate duties, checking in passengers for the ceremonial first flight of the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A lavatory from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A "do not disturb" sign is turned on in the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The snack-bar area in the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A shot of the Polaris business-class cabin from United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen A Polaris business-class seat in United Airlines' Boeing 777-300ER.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows some of the food selection from its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows the Saks Fifth Avenue bedding at its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows a rest area at its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen This image provided by United shows its new Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen The ceremonial first flight of the United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER from Chicago O'Hare on Feb. 13, 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 47 2 of 47 3 of 47 4 of 47 5 of 47 6 of 47 7 of 47 8 of 47 9 of 47 10 of 47 11 of 47 12 of 47 13 of 47 14 of 47 15 of 47 16 of 47 17 of 47 18 of 47 19 of 47 20 of 47 21 of 47 22 of 47 23 of 47 24 of 47 25 of 47 26 of 47 27 of 47 28 of 47 29 of 47 30 of 47 31 of 47 32 of 47 33 of 47 34 of 47 35 of 47 36 of 47 37 of 47 38 of 47 39 of 47 40 of 47 41 of 47 42 of 47 43 of 47 44 of 47 45 of 47 46 of 47 47 of 47 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide To help speed the process, United also will begin retrofitting some of its current older Boeing 777-200s and Boeing 767s with the new cabin. FlightGlobal.com reports that a combined 69 of those aircraft models are slated to get the retrofit. United “will begin modifications to the first of 14 767-300ERs in April and the first of 55 777-200s in the fourth quarter," the publication writes. As for the new 777-300ERs, they’ll initially fly between Newark and San Francisco – a hub-to-hub route for United that connects two of its biggest bases and will allow crews to become familiar with the cabin layout on the new aircraft. United will expand its 777-300ER service to international routes as more models of the plane enter its fleet. The airline says the new Polaris-outfitted planes will begin flying between San Francisco and Hong Kong on March 25 when the 777-300ER will replace United’s Boeing 747-400s that currently fly the route. The fleet and hubs of United Airlines, by the numbers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fleet and hubs of United Airlines  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A United Airlines Boeing 787-8 taxies for departure at Denver International Airport in July 2013.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen This image provided by United shows the carrier's first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines/Tim Stake Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-700 taxies to the gate after arriving at Fukuoka Airport in Fukuoka, Japan, in January 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-800, painted in a special Star Alliance livery, takes off from Reagan National Airport in May 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E145 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Bombardier CRJ-700 regional jet lands at Houston George Bush Intercontinental Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Express Embraer E170 jet prepares for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in June 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-400 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in September 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets line Terminal 7 at Los Angeles International Airport on Nov. 8, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-200 takes off from sunny Los Angeles International Airport in November 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Bombardier CRJ-200 lands at Reno-Tahoe Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737-900 rests at a gate at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on March 12, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Fresh spring foliage bids farewell to a United Express Embraer E170 as it departs Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Express tails line a terminal pier at Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines jets taxi through Chicago O'Hare International Airport in April 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 767-300 lands at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport in August 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 787-9 takes off from Los Angeles International Airport on Sept. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 takes off from San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 757-300 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 747-400 lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 - painted in a special Star Alliance livery - lands at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A319 taxis at San Francisco International Airport in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-200 taxies for departure from Chicago O'Hare International Airport in November 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Airbus A320 departs Canada's Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The new Polaris business-class cabin as seen on United Airlines' first Boeing 777-300ER widebody jet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago's Oak Street Beach and downtown skyline are seen in this undated photo. Chicago is United's busiest hub (by passengers).  Patrick L. Pyszka, City of Chicago Fullscreen Chicago's skyline is seen as a United Airlines jet takes off from Chicago O'Hare on Sept. 19, 2014. In the distance is the Willis (Sears) Tower that's home to United's official headquarters.  Scott Olson, Getty Images Fullscreen An aerial view of the downtown Houston skyline from October 2014. Houston's Bush Intercontinental Airport is United's second-biggest hub (by passengers).  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A United Boeing 787 Dreamliner takes off within view of the Houston skyline. Houston Bush Intercontinental is United's second-busiest hub (by passengers).  James Nielsen, AP Fullscreen The Manhattan skyline can be seen from Terminal C at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen Travelers ride on the AirTrain at Newark Liberty International Airport, which is United's third-busiest hub (by passengers).  Julio Cortez, AP Fullscreen The iconic roof structure at Denver International Airport, which is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Arina Habich, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen A new 23-mile electric commuter rail line will link Denver's airport to downtown. Denver is United's fourth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Denver International Airport Fullscreen The Golden Gate Bridge is seen with the city of San Francisco behind it. San Francisco is United's fifth-biggest hub (by passengers).  Scott Chernis Photography Fullscreen A United Airlines maintenance hangar is seen at San Francisco International, the carrier's fifth biggest hub by passengers.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The distinctive main terminal building of Washington Dulles is seen in October 2014. Dulles is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Mark Wilson, Getty Images Fullscreen Los Angeles International Airport -- and it's iconic LAX sign -- are seen in October 2013. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen An shot of the National Mall and the iconic buildings of Washington, D.C. Washington's Dulles airport is United's sixth-busiest hub (by passengers).  Ron Edmonds, AP Fullscreen The skyline of downtown Los Angeles is seen in December 2016. LAX is United's seventh-busiest hub (by passengers).  EPA Fullscreen The skyline of central Tokyo. United Airlines count's Tokyo's Narita Airport as one of its hubs.  Yoshikazu Tsuno, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen United Airlines counts Guam as a hub for its major presence in the Pacific and Micronesia. Here, a beach area of Guam is seen in an October 2015 photo.  mjf795, Getty Images/iStockphoto Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 42 2 of 42 3 of 42 4 of 42 5 of 42 6 of 42 7 of 42 8 of 42 9 of 42 10 of 42 11 of 42 12 of 42 13 of 42 14 of 42 15 of 42 16 of 42 17 of 42 18 of 42 19 of 42 20 of 42 21 of 42 22 of 42 23 of 42 24 of 42 25 of 42 26 of 42 27 of 42 28 of 42 29 of 42 30 of 42 31 of 42 32 of 42 33 of 42 34 of 42 35 of 42 36 of 42 37 of 42 38 of 42 39 of 42 40 of 42 41 of 42 42 of 42 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide United upgrading international business class FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn First look: United's new Polaris business class cabin  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United unveils the new custom seats that it will install in its new international business class cabins. The new service, called Polaris, will debut on Dec. 1.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new custom designed lie flat seat extends up to six and a half feet and includes linen from Saks Fifth Ave. Pajamas are included for flights longer than 12 hours.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's new international business class will include slippers, cooling gel pillows and products from Saks and Cowshed.  Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Fullscreen Rendering of a lie-flat bed in United's new Polaris class.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a seat view in United's new Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of United's new international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of the new international business class cabin coming this December to United's fleet.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of night view in Polaris cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a Polaris lounge, coming to nine U.S. airports for United international business class fliers.  United Airlines Fullscreen Rendering of a buffet spread at a United Polaris airport lounge.  United Airlines Fullscreen Appetizer to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen A main course to be served in United's international business class cabin.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide United unveils the first of its new 'Polaris' business-class lounges FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United unveils the first of its new 'Polaris' business-class lounges  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The entrance to United's Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Entrance to United's new Polaris lounge at Chicago's O'Hare Airport is seen during a media preview on Nov. 30, 2016.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen The showers in the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen There are great views of airfield activity from many seating areas in the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Seating areas in the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare include pods with pull-out marble tables.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Hot and cold dishes --in small portions -- will be served at the United Polaris lounge.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen One of the specialty cocktails in United's Polaris lounge in Chicago comes with a tiny paper airplane.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago mixologist Adam Seger had a team of bartenders from across the country create specialty cocktails for United Polaris lounge.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A table-and-seating area at the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Chicago-based chef Art Smith created a seasonally-influenced, locally-sourced menu for the Polaris Lounge. Also served at the lounge: his signature fried chicken and Hummingbird Cake.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The full-service bar at United's Polaris Lounge in Chicago.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The check-in area at United's Polaris Lounge in Chicago O'Hare Airport features a Chicago-inspired light sculpture.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Artist Wolfgang Buttress created the Chicago-inspired light sculpture for the Polaris lounge and will also create an original installation for the other eight Polaris lounges.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen There are plenty of private seating spaces for work and relaxation space at the United Polaris lounge at O'Hare.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Showers with valet service-and daybeds are among the Polaris lounge-offerings.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Daybeds in the United Polaris lounge have slippers and sleep amenities, white noise, and adjustable lighting.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Saks Fifth Avenue bedding used for the Polaris in-flight expereince is also featured in the lounge's daybed-rooms.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Artwork is featured prominently throughout the United Polaris lounge at Chicago O'Hare.  United Airlines Fullscreen Shower rooms in the United Polaris lounge have two-sided valet closets so passengers can get clothes pressed while showering.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen There are washers and dryers in United's Polaris lounge so fliers can address spills and other laundry related travel needs.  Harriet Baskas, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A mock-up of a Polaris seat, including Saks Fifth Avenue amenities, will begin to roll on United planes in early 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Polaris sleep amenities include slippers and pajamas for long-haul flights.  United Airlines Fullscreen Fliers will get upgraded in-flight amenity kit for Polaris flights.  United Airlines Fullscreen A mock-up of United's new Polaris business class seat shown in nighttime lighting. The seats will first begin flying in early 2017.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 26 2 of 26 3 of 26 4 of 26 5 of 26 6 of 26 7 of 26 8 of 26 9 of 26 10 of 26 11 of 26 12 of 26 13 of 26 14 of 26 15 of 26 16 of 26 17 of 26 18 of 26 19 of 26 20 of 26 21 of 26 22 of 26 23 of 26 24 of 26 25 of 26 26 of 26 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide PHOTO ARCHIVES: United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United launches first international route on 'stretch' Dreamliner  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to launching nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Crew pose for a themed picture at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, ahead of the launch of United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger boards United Flight 98 on Oct. 26, 2014 at LAX. It was United's inaugural flight to Melbourne on the airline's new 787-9 Dreamliner.  United Airlines Fullscreen Young BusinessFirst passengers on United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen The factory roll-out of United Airlines' first Boeing 787-9 on April 8, 2014, at Boeing's production line in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen United representatives and Australian officials perform a ribbon cutting for the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen BusinessFirst passengers are given pre-departure drinks after boarding United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the carrier’s launch of service between Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's BusinessFirst cabin on a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner for the launch of the airline's new nonstop service from LAX to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen Dave Hilfman, United's SVP of Worldwide Sales, welcomes customers, officials and employees to the launch of the airline's new nonstop Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia, on Oct. 26, 2014.  United Airlines Fullscreen This undated file photo provided by United shows one a United 787-9 taking off on a Boeing test flight from Boeing's production line facility in Everett, Wash.  United Airlines Fullscreen Passengers board United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner at LAX's Terminal 7, gate 74, on Oct. 26, 2014 prior to the launch of the airline’s nonstop service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen A passenger is welcomed at Los Angeles International on Oct. 26, 2014, as she boards United's new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner service to Melbourne, Australia.  United Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 12 2 of 12 3 of 12 4 of 12 5 of 12 6 of 12 7 of 12 8 of 12 9 of 12 10 of 12 11 of 12 12 of 12 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide United now flying longest route of any U.S. airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn United Airlines launches San Francisco-Singapore nonstops  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows a seat map and flight information ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Special decorations hinted at United Airlines' inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Crews ready the Dreamliner 787-9 business-class cabin ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers stock the economy cabin with food and beverages ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Economy cabin food and beverage supplies are ready to be loaded ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is being readied for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines and airport officials perform a ceremonial ribbon-cutting ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers ferry economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  vBen Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is prepped for the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Workers load economy cabin food and beverages on to the plane ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business class cabin of this United Airlines Boeing 787-9 is seen shortly before the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Customers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight received this commemorative certificate on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A departure board shows information for United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A special Asian-inspired dance was performed in the gate area for passengers on United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United's flight crews are among the crowd watching pre-flight festivities ahead of the carrier's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A crowd of passengers, employees and other onlookers watches a pre-flight celebration ahead of United's inaugural San Francisco-Singapore flight on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen United Airlines made sure to make fliers aware of its inaugural flight from San Francisco to Singapore on June 1, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lncpAI Most Popular Air France celebrates network 'heart' at Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport A wine trail in Napa Valley's countrified community 26 Shares How much is the Biltmore House worth? 3.9k Shares Canadian school board bans student trips to U.S. 2.8k Shares Eight hotels that look like they belong in the future 31 Shares Ever had a broken heart? Send the relics to this L.A. museum
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Virgin Australia defers Boeing deliveries after profits drop By Reuters Published: 21:48 EST, 16 February 2017 | Updated: 21:48 EST, 16 February 2017 e-mail By Jamie Freed SYDNEY, Feb 17 (Reuters) - Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd on Friday said it would defer the delivery of new Boeing Co 737 MAX aircraft for at least a year as it continues to battle against tough demand conditions in the domestic aviation market. Virgin Chief Executive John Borghetti said the capital cost of buying the new aircraft for Australia's second-largest airline "far outweighs" savings on offer from operating more fuel-efficient planes given the oil price was relatively low. "The fuel business case isn't as good as it was," he told Reuters in a phone interview after the airline reported a 48 percent fall in first-half underlying pre-tax earnings to A$42.3 million ($32.56 million). "On balance we can push these back." Borghetti declined to say how many 737 MAX deliveries would be affected, but a person with knowledge of the situation told Reuters it was between five and 10 aircraft. Borghetti did not rule out a further deferral, depending on market conditions. Virgin is the latest customer of the U.S. based aircraft manufacturer to defer deliveries at a time when orders for Boeing and rival Airbus Group SE have slowed globally due to weakening economies and relatively low oil prices. Australia's domestic aviation market, dominated by Virgin and its larger rival Qantas Airways Ltd, has been subdued for the past year due to weak demand for flying from corporate customers, including mining companies, as well as government travellers. Virgin said domestic yields, a proxy for average fare prices, had fallen by 5.6 percent in the first half of the financial year, although Borghetti said booking trends had improved in the last few weeks in a positive sign. "I would like to think it would improve in the second half of this calendar year but who knows?" Borghetti said of the outlook. "At some point you have got to believe the market has got to come back." Virgin on Friday separately said it planned to launch flights between Australia and Hong Kong in the middle of this year as part of a proposed alliance with shareholder HNA Aviation and affiliated carriers Hong Kong Airlines and Hong Kong Express. Borghetti declined to disclose the departure city for the flight, which could compete against non-stop flights to Hong Kong flown by Qantas and Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd. He said Virgin also planned to fly to Beijing and Shanghai in the future, but that would depend on the availability of airport slots. ($1 = 1.2990 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Louise Ireland and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Lisa Marie Presley's twins in child protective services after she found 'indecent photos' of children on their dad's computer, court papers claim EastEnders thrown into chaos as 'drunk' Danny Dyer is handed 'enforced break by producers to sort his life out'  Taking time off Model mom! Christie Brinkley, 63, rocks red jumpsuit at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue launch with daughters Alexa Ray, 31, and Sailor, 18 Broken Beckham! Brooklyn wears his arm in a sling after nasty fall while skiing in Whistler Canada 17-year-old took a spill on the slopes An unbreakable Bond! Pierce Brosnan cradles his granddaughter as he joins his son and daughter-in-law for a Beverly Hills walk Bump alert! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off baby belly in first public appearance since pregnancy announcement at her collection launch Robert Pattinson and fiancee FKA twigs put on a touchy feely display as they make a rare public appearance together at The Lost City Of Z premiere 'It will be one of each!' George Clooney's mother excitedly confirms that the actor's wife Amal is expecting a boy and a girl Blossoming Beyonce! Pregnant singer shows off her ample cleavage in VERY low cut gown slit to the hip in snaps from her exclusive post-Grammy bash  Making a splash! Kim Kardashian is soaking wet as she wears see-through white top in sultry Costa Rica throwback photos 'This won't end well': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna split AGAIN after she 'disappears for days at a time' Multiple sources have confirmed split 'I miss my babies': Kim Kardashian yearns for North and Saint... while she considers Paris return 'as Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week' 'Got caught in this awk pose': Bella Thorne shares photo fail in tiny bikini during Caribbean cruise Tried to capture a candid moment on the beach Set for pop stardom, the bedroom singer aged 18 who's only left Cornwall twice (but has had ten million views on social media)  Tamara Ecclestone and Sophia sport matching cornrows as they enjoy a dolphin experience... after speaking out in defence of breast-feeding Bikini-clad Hilary Duff packs on PDA with new beau Matthew Koma during steamy Costa Rica holiday... as her ex Mike Comrie faces rape allegations No bikinis needed! Kate Upton, Ashley Graham and Nina Agdal ooze sex appeal on red carpet for Sports Illustrated release party Jeremy McConnell is STILL in Liverpool five days after arriving to meet baby son Caben Albi while making amends with ex Stephanie Davis Brooke Burke-Charvet has a Baywatch moment as she displays her enviable figure in stripy bikini on the beach in St Barts Chrissy Teigen rocks kimono-style jacket and kinky boots to Sports Illustrated launch event in NY with husband John Legend Style queen: Jessica Biel sports leggy look in off-the-shoulder gray dress as she stops by The Tonight Show The actress wife of Justin Timberlake  All you need to know about the Oscars of pop: The most surprising and outrageous facts about the Brits are revealed Biggest gala night  Lucy Mecklenburgh showcases her incredible figure in sensuous new shots for lingerie campaign Puts fitness first Justin Bieber 'faked illness to skip deposition'... as lawyers claim videos of him partying prove it Attorneys say they have video proof  Hard case! Holly Madison sues sex pill manufacturer for falsely claiming she and Hugh Hefner used it to cure his erectile dysfunction Hot in Hawaii! Jada Pinkett Smith, 45, flaunts her enviable curves in a teeny leopard-print bikini as she splashes around on the beach Chest too much! Lais Ribeiro and Hailey Clauson flash cleavage as they take the plunge at Sports Illustrated cover launch Trick of the eye! Charlotte McKinney leaves almost NOTHING to the imagination in barely-there nude bikini Frolic on Miami Beach  Cover girl! Zoe Saldana shines in pleated black dress with crimson lips for Los Angeles Confidential Winter Issue party Granny in waiting! Heavily-pregnant Natalie Portman and mom Shelley head out for lunch in Los Feliz Grandchild number two 'I loved him': Riley Keough on her mom Lisa Marie Presley's second husband Michael Jackson and what life was REALLY like at Neverland She's got some front! Sarah Jessica Parker flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress at opening for husband Matthew Broderick's new play Natural beauty! Jessica Alba stuns in minimal makeup and casual blue jeans while attending Honest company event with celeb stylist Rachel Zoe Pretty in pink! Elizabeth Hurley stuns in skintight floral dress at star-studded Women's Cancer Research Fund Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson cuddle up at Beverly Hills benefit for The Women's Cancer Research Fund Looked Oscar-ready in a grey three-piece suit  Not down and out in Beverly Hills! Bearded Lamar Odom looks healthy as he works on new reality series about sober living Khloe Kardashian ends transformation of Brittany McCalipp due to lack of progress on E! show Revenge Body The 33-year-old reality star could not help Sia criticises Kanye West for his use of fur in his latest fashion collection... after urging his wife Kim Kardashian to go fur-free months earlier Birthday smooch! Paris Hilton celebrates turning 35 with a big kiss from handsome mystery man She always celebrates in a lavish style Wigging out! Ariel Winter wears cleavage-baring top and shows off straightened locks during LA outing Plenty of skin on show for the casual outing Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Hannah Jeter sparkles in sequined dress with thigh-high split and cleavage cutout at SI Swimsuit launch Doting mom Ashlee Simpson cradles daughter Jagger as she steps out with husband Evan Ross Cut a stylish figure in cat-eye sunglasses  Grey's Anatomy star Sara Ramirez rips ABC over The Real O'Neals joke about bisexual people  Expressed her outrage over a joke Fabulous at 41! Isla Fisher flaunts her flawless physique in a form-fitting frock as she joins a host of A-List stars for a charity event in Hollywood Model Taylor Hill rocks kinky knee-high boots and patterned pantyhose as she heads to NYFW show One of the world's most in-demand models Busting out! Kelly Gale flaunts ample cleavage in cut-out frock as she makes a stunning arrival at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit event Sting's wife Trudie Styler, 63, looks youthful beyond her years as she joins Marshall Bell on the red carpet at Berlinale Film Festival premiere Purple reign! Erin Andrews is a standout in sheer off-the-shoulder dress at cancer research fundraiser The sportscaster and DWTS host 'I owe my career to this character': Hugh Jackman reveals he DOESN'T want Daniel Day Lewis to replace him as Wolverine after final portrayal in Logan Tat's gotta hurt! Amber Rose gets MASSIVE arm tattoo of Hollywood sign...shortly after breakup with Val Chmerkovskiy Now that's awkward! Covergirl ambassador Sofia Vergara pictured shopping for rival cosmetics line L'Oreal Modern Family actress was busy browsing 'It starts with equal pay and goes to free the nipple': Harry Potter's Scarlett Byrne shows off perky posterior in shock nude Playboy shoot Hell for leather! Malin Ackerman rocks skintight trousers and sleeveless top to attend Build Series in NYC Looking super chic Rachel Lindsay became historic Bachelorette early 'to find the perfect guys' who will compete for her heart His big TV debut! Peta Murgatroyd and Maks Chmerkovskiy tease fans with behind the scenes look at son Shai's first television appearance Liam Neeson reunites with Thomas Brodie-Sangster 13 years after Love Actually's release to film Comic Relief special (and Joanna's there too!) Whoops! Lil' Kim avoids embarrassing tumble after twisting ankle in sky-high heels after leaving the Marc Jacobs fashion show in NYC It's a jungle out there! Sara Sampaio wows in a wild hot pink leopard print fur jacket at the Marc Jacobs show Making a style statement in the FROW Match made in the stars! DWTS beauty Cheryl Burke rekindles romance with Matthew Lawrence Officially an item again A fine Catch! Joanna Krupa shows off endless pins in LBD as she heads for dinner at West Hollywood hotspot  She is renowned for taking her clothes off Ship shape! Behati Prinsloo shows off her long legs as she rocks mini dress and patterned coat at Hollywood luncheon Ethereal Sienna Miller rocks underwear as outerwear in exquisite crochet gown as she leads the stars The Lost City of Z London premiere   Game of Thrones star Natalie Dormer leads Picnic At Hanging Rock remake cast to be filmed in Australia She's known as Queen Margaery Tyrell 'I know I'm the s***!' Mama June reveals she's half her size after undergoing SECOND surgery to remove excess skin post-gastric bypass Who needs a bikini? Chrissy Teigen poses naked as relaxes backstage while promoting Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Kim Kardashian considering a RETURN to Paris five months after her frightening robbery because 'Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week' Village People's Victor Willis says 'select' group in Grammy committee may be blocking black artists from winning Love Island star Zara Holland flashes her ample assets in a skimpy bright yellow bikini in wistful summer throwback shot Life's a beach! Kelly Brook shows off her legs as she wanders around Malibu in a summer cover-up with Jeremy Mad hatter! Kendall Jenner struggles under the weight of a giant beanie at the retro hip hop inspired Marc Jacobs NYFW show  Eye-catching figure  'She knows she'll fail': Thomas Ravenel accuses ex Kathryn Dennis of using drugs again in explosive season four trailer for Southern Charm Hot to trot! Bella Thorne shares racy bikini snaps as she frolics in tiny two-piece on vacation in the Caribbean 'I'm a sucker for pain': Charlotte Crosby reacts to 'boyfriend' Stephen Bear's Celebs Go Dating appearance... before he sarcastically shoots her down 'Words can't describe how much I love you': Amy Childs shows off growing baby bump in chic mini dress.... as she delightedly reveals latest scan image Yummy mummy! Model Nicole Trunfio flaunts taut torso and pert derriere in black skinny jeans and midriff-baring blouse Nice six pack! Gigi Hadid flaunts a very toned tummy during NYFW... nearly two years after revealing agencies told her to 'lose a lot of weight' 'They're very fond of each other!': Vogue Williams displays her pert posterior in selfie... as Mark Dolan confirms her relationship with Spencer Matthews 'I weighed myself three times a day': Chrissy Teigen she was once fixated by the scales but feels more confident now after giving birth Katy Perry debuts shorter platinum bob at Marc Jacobs NYFW show... after wigging out at the Grammys Radical change  Something to pout about? TOWIE star Megan McKenna creases her face in disdain as she runs into Dan Edgar and James Lock at filming Braless Vogue Williams sports lingerie-baring gown as she parties through The Jump injury... after Spencer Matthews romance is CONFIRMED 'He could have paid for the bread!' Fans slam 'repulsive' Stephen Bear for walking out on his date during dinner on Celebs Go Dating,  Kanye West looks casual cool while signing autographs outside his NYC hotel... just one day after 'amazing' NYFW runway show Justin Bieber 'head-butted a guest at a pre-Grammys party' The incident is claimed to have happened early Saturday morning  Friends forever! Pregnant Beyonce reunites with Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams at post-Grammy bash 'Ask dad to resign before he ruins the planet': Seth Rogen messages Donald Trump Jr on Twitter asking him to get the president to go back to being 'just a guy on TV'  Grabbing all the attention at NYFW! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of her corset top day after Kanye's Yeezy show Typically plunging  Ellie BOLD-ing! Bra-less singer flashes cleavage in sheer dotty blouse as she shows off trim legs in leather trousers at War Child Brits Week event 'I called my mom freaking out, saying, ", are people gonna buy it?"' Kylie Jenner shares insecurities about successful Lip Kits  Tallia Storm flaunts her envy-inducing abs in skimpy crop top paired with funky flared trousers as she leads stars at Oxfam fashion show Friendly again: Denise Richards cuddles up to ex-husband Charlie Sheen as they take their children to a Twenty-One Pilots concert American royalty: Ivanka takes inspiration from Kate, William and George with an adorable photo of her son Joseph gazing at a butterfly  'He melts my heart daily': McFly's Tom Fletcher posts doting tribute to youngest son Buddy on first birthday Tom Fletcher, 31, thrilled fans on Thursday  Pedro Pascal promises 'a lot of cocaine in season three' of his hit show Narcos which will focus on the Cali cartel EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules star Tom Sandoval reveals he and girlfriend Ariana Madix are releasing a cocktail book TOGETHER  Busty Imogen Thomas coos over newborn Siera in flashback holiday photo... after cursing what motherhood has done to her 'curvy' figure Harrison Ford 'completely misjudged the runway and looked like he might crash moments before his near miss with Boeing 737 on the taxiway' It's about girl power! Emma Watson talks about her 'mad and wacky' Belle in live action Beauty And The Beast Louis Tomlinson cuts a lonely figure as he grabs a coffee in LA... while glam ex girlfriend Danielle Campbell parties at NYFW, weeks after split Off duty! Kendall Jenner covers up in puffer coat over turtleneck sweater and pinstripe pants in New York Fierce fashionista! Winnie Harlow shows off lithe legs in a short fur coat at Marc Jacobs NYFW show A striking sight  Is Whitney pregnant? EastEnders' Shona McGarty fuels plot rumours as she keeps her coat wrapped around her while filming with Jacqueline Jossa Peter Andre's wife Emily MacDonagh puts on a stylish display as she holds hands with daughter Amelia during day out in East Grinstead Enjoy it while you can! Dad-to-be Liam Payne goes to a Drake concert before hitting a club... as fans speculate that his girlfriend Cheryl is due to give birth First books, now life coaching! Emma Watson spotted giving advice to fans for $2 via an iPad in New York's Grand Central station 'Everyone I work with I am supposedly dating!' Ruth Wilson finds it exasperating that any man she acts alongside is automatically linked to her romantically  Look away now Tyson! Pia Miller shows off her incredible figure in a rainbow-bikini as she passionately kisses co-star George Mason on set of Home And Away Sex kitten? I'm a pussycat now, laughs Felicity: Actress says days are behind her ahead of appearance alongside Maureen Lipman in new comedy  Hug it out! Kourtney Kardashian embraces a tattooed mystery man as she rocks hot leather look   Inked-up hunk Wipeout! Liam Hemsworth is knocked over by a wave as he enjoys a solo surf in Malibu after Valentine's Day dinner with fiancée Miley Cyrus 'I engagingly obliged!': Tom Hiddleston reveals he PEED on Tom Hollander after jellyfish sting... and admits he was picked on at Eton Happy to help Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright look more in love than ever as they cosy up after a low-key double date with his footballer brother and his girlfriend 'You were staying out late and I had enough': Fans speculate Selena Gomez's new song about a romance imploding is about Justin Bieber Champagne wishes! Farrah Abraham sips pink bubbly while flaunting her generous curves on LA beach before date with on-again beau Ready to rumble! Christina Hendricks wows in white ruffled blouse while promoting Fist Fight in New York She's always making a statement  Slithering into shape! Lena Dunham showcases slimmer figure in skintight python leggings as she grabs a healthy smoothie in LA Ageless wonder! Christie Brinkley, 63, pulls off wearing kinky boots with a minidress as she promotes sexy Sports Illustrated swimsuit shoot Han Yolo! Harrison Ford, 74, gets back in the cockpit of a JET just three days after he nearly crashed his plane into a Boeing 737 Jenson Button's stunning girlfriend Brittny Ward flaunts her ample assets and peachy posterior before posing fully nude in racy snaps 'I love TOWIE': Kate Wright hits back at claims she's quitting the series for 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand and stint on I'm A Celebrity... 'We'll all be there!' Lance Bass confirms NSYNC reunion and vinyl album re-release  The band announced a hiatus back in 2002 'More than a facial!': Lupita Nyong'o gets covered thick purple gloop in mysterious behind the scenes set snap 'Back in the saddle!' Yolanda Hadid rides again... and reveals she's at '80 percent recovery' from Lyme Disease Courtney Stodden smiles while jetting out of LA with hunky male pal...as she reveals 'emotions are still really raw' following split from Doug Hutchison Kelly Brook channels old Hollywood in retro shades as she enjoys a romantic stroll in 90210 with Jeremy Parisi Soaked up the sun  Courteney Cox and Jessica Biel trace their surprising ancestry in ninth season of Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating discoveries What a scorcher! Bikini babe Michelle Heaton flaunts her unbelievable abs in very sexy selfie while on tour with Atomic Kitten with Australia Paramedics reveal Britney Spears' eight-year-old niece was not breathing and had no pulse when they reached her after horror ATV accident  The Saturdays' Una Healy looks ready to rock in leather as she arrives for a solo gig in her native Ireland Headline act 'She kept me laughing': Joe Jonas spills on filming sex scene with Ashley Graham in THAT video and reveals his bandmate was so 'jealous'  'I'm a beauty junkie!' Drew Barrymore offers fans a peek inside her skincare-stocked medicine cabinet plus some inspiring words about aging 'We had a blast' Kate Hudson reunites with ex-fiancé Matt Bellamy and his model girlfriend Elle Evans for family night out The look of love: Miley Cyrus only has eyes for fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they step out for a casual Valentine's Day dinner 'Stand my ground': Nick Cannon resolves to 'stay firm' after quitting America's Got Talent She's so lucky! Britney Spears says she feels 'blessed' 10 years on since she shaved her head in tragic breakdown Meg Ryan lists SoHo loft for $10.9M... and it's the NINTH home she's renovated Carved out a second career in renovation  Sporty chic! Bella Hadid keeps it casual in striped velour tracksuit as she heads to sister Gigi's apartment in NYC Break from the runway 'Danger zone': Dame Joan Collins blasts her Belgravia neighbours over building work that has left her trapped in her house and caused her ceiling to collapse!  'Feeling very exposed': Eamonn Holmes dresses Ruth Langsford as a sexy secretary after slamming her 'unadventurous' dress sense live on air 'It was really intense': Camila Cabello confesses she hasn't spoken with Fifth Harmony members as she talks painful split from girl group  'I'm just moving on and ignoring you': Martin Lewis has very awkward interview with Kate Garraway... just a day after Richard Arnold snapped at her on air 'It's positive and healthy ': Khloe Kardashian dishes on romance with Tristan Thompson and her 'normal routine' life with the NBA player EXCLUSIVE: Jaden Smith moves into $4million mansion as neighbours say he's already turned gated community into his 'own personal kingdom' Costa chica! Kim Kardashian flaunts her famously peachy derriere in skimpy bikinis on sun-soaked break  Enjoying reminiscing Gordon Ramsay posts a stream of hilarious tweets trashing food made by amateur cooks (but he's not nasty about everyone's efforts)  Sports Illustrated cover star Kate Upton keeps it demure in blouse and leather pants for promotional appearance in NYC  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman shows off her athletic physique and her incredible flexibility as she appears in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart flaunts her busty cleavage in skimpy sports bra as duo endure gruelling workout Miranda Hart to make West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie despite hinting 'mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife' 'Her heart has been ripped out': Charlotte Dawson 'splits from rugby hunk beau Matt Sarsfield after clashing over her partying' 'He's been invited several times': Live With Kelly producer says Regis Philbin WAS asked to be a guest after he retired and even appeared in 2015  Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks prove that things are back on track following their romance-laden Valentine's Day as they step out for second date night of the week TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her slim figure in casual polka dot dungarees as she steps out amid intense training regime for The Jump Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki reveals she's dating NBA forward David Lee within days of returning to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Bonnie And Clyde reunited! Faye Dunaway, 76, and Warren Beatty, 79, 'set to present best picture Oscar' to mark film's 50th anniversary 'Mood': Lottie Moss pokes fun at her elder sister Kate as she shares hilarious meme of the supermodel Took to Instagram  Make America bada** again! Kid Rock 'eyed up as Republican candidate' for Senate seat in home state of Michigan  From the cobbles to the square! ITV shares footage of June Brown starring in Coronation Street to mark the EastEnders star's 90th birthday Ace! Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in a barely-there bikini top and cheeky thong bottoms The tragic empty lives of former child stars: JAN MOIR on how Emma Watson's role as self-appointed global feminist is getting a bit too much  Dare to bare! Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace strips down to fishnet stockings and skimpy daisy dukes for Drake concert 'I am incredibly proud': Pregnant Cheryl reveals her charity is opening a new centre in Newcastle... as she prepares to welcome her first child  'And he's here!' Kirk Norcross celebrates arrival of his son Harry with mystery girlfriend... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Nicola McLean keeps it casual in slogan T-shirt... after making impassioned defence of nude modelling and revealing her dream to pose for Playboy EXCLUSIVE: Fashion editor who posted snap of Tiffany Trump calling out the 'empty seats' beside her, backpedals saying 'a picture doesn't tell the whole story'  Sweet dreams! Behati Prinsloo cosies up to husband Adam Levine in bed as he recounts bizarre party night out for wild Maroon 5 music video Cold Let the sister see the brother! Arg's sibling Natasha is left horrified as the TOWIE star comes down the Love Lift on Take Me Out celebrity special Ashley Tisdale shows off her glowing skin as she wears a cute monochrome pinafore Looked cute in a fashionable mini dress  That's her secret! Vanessa Hudgens leaves Pilates class in little crop top as she shows off her taut tummy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video China's Juneyao Airlines finalizes $1.32 billion order for five Boeing 787... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Thu Feb 16, 2017 | 8:41pm EST China's Juneyao Airlines finalizes $1.32 billion order for five Boeing 787s FILE PHOTO - Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, July 8, 2007. REUTERS/Robert Sorbo/File Photo SHANGHAI China's Juneyao Airlines (603885.SS) has finalised a $1.32 billion order for five Boeing (BA.N) 787-9 dreamliners, part of a plan for new routes to North America, Europe and Australia over the next four years. The order represents the airline's first Boeing order and its first for widebody aircraft, the companies said in a statement issued late on Thursday. Juneyao said last month was planning on five firm dreamliner orders with an option for five more. The Shanghai-based privately owned company, which first flew in 2006, is one of several Chinese carriers aiming to expand internationally as growth in the country's outbound tourism market outpaces domestic tourism. Juneyao currently operates domestic routes or short-haul international flights to neighboring countries such as Japan, South Korea and Thailand. It agreed to join global airline alliance group Star Alliance as a "connecting partner" last October. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Next In Aerospace & Defense Hedge fund TCI says has support in battle against Safran-Zodiac deal PARIS Hedge fund operator TCI Fund Management said on Thursday it had the support of several other investment firms in its protest against aero engines maker Safran's agreed bid for seats manufacturer Zodiac Aerospace. Thursday Morning Briefing: Republicans question Trump team’s Russia ties A growing number of Republican lawmakers are pushing for an investigation into the Trump administration’s ties to Russia. Container shipping lines sign up with Alibaba to offer online booking SHANGHAI Two container shipping lines, France's CMA CGM and Israel's Zim, have signed up with Alibaba to allow customers to book space on their vessels through the Chinese e-commerce giant, in a bid to boost sales as the sector battles a severe downturn. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's Juneyao Airlines finalises $1.32 bln order for five Boeing 787s By Reuters Published: 20:39 EST, 16 February 2017 | Updated: 20:39 EST, 16 February 2017 e-mail SHANGHAI, Feb 17 (Reuters) - China's Juneyao Airlines has finalised a $1.32 bln order for five Boeing 787-9 dreamliners, part of a plan for new routes to North America, Europe and Australia over the next four years. The order represents the airline's first Boeing order and its first for widebody aircraft, the companies said in a statement issued late on Thursday. Juneyao said last month was planning on five firm dreamliner orders with an option for five more. The Shanghai-based privately owned company, which first flew in 2006, is one of several Chinese carriers aiming to expand internationally as growth in the country's outbound tourism market outpaces domestic tourism. Juneyao currently operates domestic routes or short-haul international flights to neighbouring countries such as Japan, South Korea and Thailand. It agreed to join global airline alliance group Star Alliance as a "connecting partner" last October. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Lisa Marie Presley's twins in child protective services after she found 'indecent photos' of children on their dad's computer, court papers claim EastEnders thrown into chaos as 'drunk' Danny Dyer is handed 'enforced break by producers to sort his life out'  Taking time off Model mom! Christie Brinkley, 63, rocks red jumpsuit at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue launch with daughters Alexa Ray, 31, and Sailor, 18 Broken Beckham! Brooklyn wears his arm in a sling after nasty fall while skiing in Whistler Canada 17-year-old took a spill on the slopes An unbreakable Bond! Pierce Brosnan cradles his granddaughter as he joins his son and daughter-in-law for a Beverly Hills walk Bump alert! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off baby belly in first public appearance since pregnancy announcement at her collection launch Robert Pattinson and fiancee FKA twigs put on a touchy feely display as they make a rare public appearance together at The Lost City Of Z premiere 'It will be one of each!' George Clooney's mother excitedly confirms that the actor's wife Amal is expecting a boy and a girl Blossoming Beyonce! Pregnant singer shows off her ample cleavage in VERY low cut gown slit to the hip in snaps from her exclusive post-Grammy bash  Making a splash! Kim Kardashian is soaking wet as she wears see-through white top in sultry Costa Rica throwback photos 'This won't end well': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna split AGAIN after she 'disappears for days at a time' Multiple sources have confirmed split 'I miss my babies': Kim Kardashian yearns for North and Saint... while she considers Paris return 'as Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week' 'Got caught in this awk pose': Bella Thorne shares photo fail in tiny bikini during Caribbean cruise Tried to capture a candid moment on the beach Set for pop stardom, the bedroom singer aged 18 who's only left Cornwall twice (but has had ten million views on social media)  Tamara Ecclestone and Sophia sport matching cornrows as they enjoy a dolphin experience... after speaking out in defence of breast-feeding Bikini-clad Hilary Duff packs on PDA with new beau Matthew Koma during steamy Costa Rica holiday... as her ex Mike Comrie faces rape allegations No bikinis needed! Kate Upton, Ashley Graham and Nina Agdal ooze sex appeal on red carpet for Sports Illustrated release party Jeremy McConnell is STILL in Liverpool five days after arriving to meet baby son Caben Albi while making amends with ex Stephanie Davis Brooke Burke-Charvet has a Baywatch moment as she displays her enviable figure in stripy bikini on the beach in St Barts Chrissy Teigen rocks kimono-style jacket and kinky boots to Sports Illustrated launch event in NY with husband John Legend Style queen: Jessica Biel sports leggy look in off-the-shoulder gray dress as she stops by The Tonight Show The actress wife of Justin Timberlake  All you need to know about the Oscars of pop: The most surprising and outrageous facts about the Brits are revealed Biggest gala night  Lucy Mecklenburgh showcases her incredible figure in sensuous new shots for lingerie campaign Puts fitness first Justin Bieber 'faked illness to skip deposition'... as lawyers claim videos of him partying prove it Attorneys say they have video proof  Hard case! Holly Madison sues sex pill manufacturer for falsely claiming she and Hugh Hefner used it to cure his erectile dysfunction Hot in Hawaii! Jada Pinkett Smith, 45, flaunts her enviable curves in a teeny leopard-print bikini as she splashes around on the beach Chest too much! Lais Ribeiro and Hailey Clauson flash cleavage as they take the plunge at Sports Illustrated cover launch Trick of the eye! Charlotte McKinney leaves almost NOTHING to the imagination in barely-there nude bikini Frolic on Miami Beach  Cover girl! Zoe Saldana shines in pleated black dress with crimson lips for Los Angeles Confidential Winter Issue party Granny in waiting! Heavily-pregnant Natalie Portman and mom Shelley head out for lunch in Los Feliz Grandchild number two 'I loved him': Riley Keough on her mom Lisa Marie Presley's second husband Michael Jackson and what life was REALLY like at Neverland She's got some front! Sarah Jessica Parker flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress at opening for husband Matthew Broderick's new play Natural beauty! Jessica Alba stuns in minimal makeup and casual blue jeans while attending Honest company event with celeb stylist Rachel Zoe Pretty in pink! Elizabeth Hurley stuns in skintight floral dress at star-studded Women's Cancer Research Fund Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson cuddle up at Beverly Hills benefit for The Women's Cancer Research Fund Looked Oscar-ready in a grey three-piece suit  Not down and out in Beverly Hills! Bearded Lamar Odom looks healthy as he works on new reality series about sober living Khloe Kardashian ends transformation of Brittany McCalipp due to lack of progress on E! show Revenge Body The 33-year-old reality star could not help Sia criticises Kanye West for his use of fur in his latest fashion collection... after urging his wife Kim Kardashian to go fur-free months earlier Birthday smooch! Paris Hilton celebrates turning 35 with a big kiss from handsome mystery man She always celebrates in a lavish style Wigging out! Ariel Winter wears cleavage-baring top and shows off straightened locks during LA outing Plenty of skin on show for the casual outing Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Hannah Jeter sparkles in sequined dress with thigh-high split and cleavage cutout at SI Swimsuit launch Doting mom Ashlee Simpson cradles daughter Jagger as she steps out with husband Evan Ross Cut a stylish figure in cat-eye sunglasses  Grey's Anatomy star Sara Ramirez rips ABC over The Real O'Neals joke about bisexual people  Expressed her outrage over a joke Fabulous at 41! Isla Fisher flaunts her flawless physique in a form-fitting frock as she joins a host of A-List stars for a charity event in Hollywood Model Taylor Hill rocks kinky knee-high boots and patterned pantyhose as she heads to NYFW show One of the world's most in-demand models Busting out! Kelly Gale flaunts ample cleavage in cut-out frock as she makes a stunning arrival at Sports Illustrated Swimsuit event Sting's wife Trudie Styler, 63, looks youthful beyond her years as she joins Marshall Bell on the red carpet at Berlinale Film Festival premiere Purple reign! Erin Andrews is a standout in sheer off-the-shoulder dress at cancer research fundraiser The sportscaster and DWTS host 'I owe my career to this character': Hugh Jackman reveals he DOESN'T want Daniel Day Lewis to replace him as Wolverine after final portrayal in Logan Tat's gotta hurt! Amber Rose gets MASSIVE arm tattoo of Hollywood sign...shortly after breakup with Val Chmerkovskiy Now that's awkward! Covergirl ambassador Sofia Vergara pictured shopping for rival cosmetics line L'Oreal Modern Family actress was busy browsing 'It starts with equal pay and goes to free the nipple': Harry Potter's Scarlett Byrne shows off perky posterior in shock nude Playboy shoot Hell for leather! Malin Ackerman rocks skintight trousers and sleeveless top to attend Build Series in NYC Looking super chic Rachel Lindsay became historic Bachelorette early 'to find the perfect guys' who will compete for her heart His big TV debut! Peta Murgatroyd and Maks Chmerkovskiy tease fans with behind the scenes look at son Shai's first television appearance Liam Neeson reunites with Thomas Brodie-Sangster 13 years after Love Actually's release to film Comic Relief special (and Joanna's there too!) Whoops! Lil' Kim avoids embarrassing tumble after twisting ankle in sky-high heels after leaving the Marc Jacobs fashion show in NYC It's a jungle out there! Sara Sampaio wows in a wild hot pink leopard print fur jacket at the Marc Jacobs show Making a style statement in the FROW Match made in the stars! DWTS beauty Cheryl Burke rekindles romance with Matthew Lawrence Officially an item again A fine Catch! Joanna Krupa shows off endless pins in LBD as she heads for dinner at West Hollywood hotspot  She is renowned for taking her clothes off Ship shape! Behati Prinsloo shows off her long legs as she rocks mini dress and patterned coat at Hollywood luncheon Ethereal Sienna Miller rocks underwear as outerwear in exquisite crochet gown as she leads the stars The Lost City of Z London premiere   Game of Thrones star Natalie Dormer leads Picnic At Hanging Rock remake cast to be filmed in Australia She's known as Queen Margaery Tyrell 'I know I'm the s***!' Mama June reveals she's half her size after undergoing SECOND surgery to remove excess skin post-gastric bypass Who needs a bikini? Chrissy Teigen poses naked as relaxes backstage while promoting Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Kim Kardashian considering a RETURN to Paris five months after her frightening robbery because 'Kanye West wants her to attend fashion week' Village People's Victor Willis says 'select' group in Grammy committee may be blocking black artists from winning Love Island star Zara Holland flashes her ample assets in a skimpy bright yellow bikini in wistful summer throwback shot Life's a beach! Kelly Brook shows off her legs as she wanders around Malibu in a summer cover-up with Jeremy Mad hatter! Kendall Jenner struggles under the weight of a giant beanie at the retro hip hop inspired Marc Jacobs NYFW show  Eye-catching figure  'She knows she'll fail': Thomas Ravenel accuses ex Kathryn Dennis of using drugs again in explosive season four trailer for Southern Charm Hot to trot! Bella Thorne shares racy bikini snaps as she frolics in tiny two-piece on vacation in the Caribbean 'I'm a sucker for pain': Charlotte Crosby reacts to 'boyfriend' Stephen Bear's Celebs Go Dating appearance... before he sarcastically shoots her down 'Words can't describe how much I love you': Amy Childs shows off growing baby bump in chic mini dress.... as she delightedly reveals latest scan image Yummy mummy! Model Nicole Trunfio flaunts taut torso and pert derriere in black skinny jeans and midriff-baring blouse Nice six pack! Gigi Hadid flaunts a very toned tummy during NYFW... nearly two years after revealing agencies told her to 'lose a lot of weight' 'They're very fond of each other!': Vogue Williams displays her pert posterior in selfie... as Mark Dolan confirms her relationship with Spencer Matthews 'I weighed myself three times a day': Chrissy Teigen she was once fixated by the scales but feels more confident now after giving birth Katy Perry debuts shorter platinum bob at Marc Jacobs NYFW show... after wigging out at the Grammys Radical change  Something to pout about? TOWIE star Megan McKenna creases her face in disdain as she runs into Dan Edgar and James Lock at filming Braless Vogue Williams sports lingerie-baring gown as she parties through The Jump injury... after Spencer Matthews romance is CONFIRMED 'He could have paid for the bread!' Fans slam 'repulsive' Stephen Bear for walking out on his date during dinner on Celebs Go Dating,  Kanye West looks casual cool while signing autographs outside his NYC hotel... just one day after 'amazing' NYFW runway show Justin Bieber 'head-butted a guest at a pre-Grammys party' The incident is claimed to have happened early Saturday morning  Friends forever! Pregnant Beyonce reunites with Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams at post-Grammy bash 'Ask dad to resign before he ruins the planet': Seth Rogen messages Donald Trump Jr on Twitter asking him to get the president to go back to being 'just a guy on TV'  Grabbing all the attention at NYFW! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of her corset top day after Kanye's Yeezy show Typically plunging  Ellie BOLD-ing! Bra-less singer flashes cleavage in sheer dotty blouse as she shows off trim legs in leather trousers at War Child Brits Week event 'I called my mom freaking out, saying, ", are people gonna buy it?"' Kylie Jenner shares insecurities about successful Lip Kits  Tallia Storm flaunts her envy-inducing abs in skimpy crop top paired with funky flared trousers as she leads stars at Oxfam fashion show Friendly again: Denise Richards cuddles up to ex-husband Charlie Sheen as they take their children to a Twenty-One Pilots concert American royalty: Ivanka takes inspiration from Kate, William and George with an adorable photo of her son Joseph gazing at a butterfly  'He melts my heart daily': McFly's Tom Fletcher posts doting tribute to youngest son Buddy on first birthday Tom Fletcher, 31, thrilled fans on Thursday  Pedro Pascal promises 'a lot of cocaine in season three' of his hit show Narcos which will focus on the Cali cartel EXCLUSIVE: Vanderpump Rules star Tom Sandoval reveals he and girlfriend Ariana Madix are releasing a cocktail book TOGETHER  Busty Imogen Thomas coos over newborn Siera in flashback holiday photo... after cursing what motherhood has done to her 'curvy' figure Harrison Ford 'completely misjudged the runway and looked like he might crash moments before his near miss with Boeing 737 on the taxiway' It's about girl power! Emma Watson talks about her 'mad and wacky' Belle in live action Beauty And The Beast Louis Tomlinson cuts a lonely figure as he grabs a coffee in LA... while glam ex girlfriend Danielle Campbell parties at NYFW, weeks after split Off duty! Kendall Jenner covers up in puffer coat over turtleneck sweater and pinstripe pants in New York Fierce fashionista! Winnie Harlow shows off lithe legs in a short fur coat at Marc Jacobs NYFW show A striking sight  Is Whitney pregnant? EastEnders' Shona McGarty fuels plot rumours as she keeps her coat wrapped around her while filming with Jacqueline Jossa Peter Andre's wife Emily MacDonagh puts on a stylish display as she holds hands with daughter Amelia during day out in East Grinstead Enjoy it while you can! Dad-to-be Liam Payne goes to a Drake concert before hitting a club... as fans speculate that his girlfriend Cheryl is due to give birth First books, now life coaching! Emma Watson spotted giving advice to fans for $2 via an iPad in New York's Grand Central station 'Everyone I work with I am supposedly dating!' Ruth Wilson finds it exasperating that any man she acts alongside is automatically linked to her romantically  Look away now Tyson! Pia Miller shows off her incredible figure in a rainbow-bikini as she passionately kisses co-star George Mason on set of Home And Away Sex kitten? I'm a pussycat now, laughs Felicity: Actress says days are behind her ahead of appearance alongside Maureen Lipman in new comedy  Hug it out! Kourtney Kardashian embraces a tattooed mystery man as she rocks hot leather look   Inked-up hunk Wipeout! Liam Hemsworth is knocked over by a wave as he enjoys a solo surf in Malibu after Valentine's Day dinner with fiancée Miley Cyrus 'I engagingly obliged!': Tom Hiddleston reveals he PEED on Tom Hollander after jellyfish sting... and admits he was picked on at Eton Happy to help Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright look more in love than ever as they cosy up after a low-key double date with his footballer brother and his girlfriend 'You were staying out late and I had enough': Fans speculate Selena Gomez's new song about a romance imploding is about Justin Bieber Champagne wishes! Farrah Abraham sips pink bubbly while flaunting her generous curves on LA beach before date with on-again beau Ready to rumble! Christina Hendricks wows in white ruffled blouse while promoting Fist Fight in New York She's always making a statement  Slithering into shape! Lena Dunham showcases slimmer figure in skintight python leggings as she grabs a healthy smoothie in LA Ageless wonder! Christie Brinkley, 63, pulls off wearing kinky boots with a minidress as she promotes sexy Sports Illustrated swimsuit shoot Han Yolo! Harrison Ford, 74, gets back in the cockpit of a JET just three days after he nearly crashed his plane into a Boeing 737 Jenson Button's stunning girlfriend Brittny Ward flaunts her ample assets and peachy posterior before posing fully nude in racy snaps 'I love TOWIE': Kate Wright hits back at claims she's quitting the series for 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand and stint on I'm A Celebrity... 'We'll all be there!' Lance Bass confirms NSYNC reunion and vinyl album re-release  The band announced a hiatus back in 2002 'More than a facial!': Lupita Nyong'o gets covered thick purple gloop in mysterious behind the scenes set snap 'Back in the saddle!' Yolanda Hadid rides again... and reveals she's at '80 percent recovery' from Lyme Disease Courtney Stodden smiles while jetting out of LA with hunky male pal...as she reveals 'emotions are still really raw' following split from Doug Hutchison Kelly Brook channels old Hollywood in retro shades as she enjoys a romantic stroll in 90210 with Jeremy Parisi Soaked up the sun  Courteney Cox and Jessica Biel trace their surprising ancestry in ninth season of Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating discoveries What a scorcher! Bikini babe Michelle Heaton flaunts her unbelievable abs in very sexy selfie while on tour with Atomic Kitten with Australia Paramedics reveal Britney Spears' eight-year-old niece was not breathing and had no pulse when they reached her after horror ATV accident  The Saturdays' Una Healy looks ready to rock in leather as she arrives for a solo gig in her native Ireland Headline act 'She kept me laughing': Joe Jonas spills on filming sex scene with Ashley Graham in THAT video and reveals his bandmate was so 'jealous'  'I'm a beauty junkie!' Drew Barrymore offers fans a peek inside her skincare-stocked medicine cabinet plus some inspiring words about aging 'We had a blast' Kate Hudson reunites with ex-fiancé Matt Bellamy and his model girlfriend Elle Evans for family night out The look of love: Miley Cyrus only has eyes for fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they step out for a casual Valentine's Day dinner 'Stand my ground': Nick Cannon resolves to 'stay firm' after quitting America's Got Talent She's so lucky! Britney Spears says she feels 'blessed' 10 years on since she shaved her head in tragic breakdown Meg Ryan lists SoHo loft for $10.9M... and it's the NINTH home she's renovated Carved out a second career in renovation  Sporty chic! Bella Hadid keeps it casual in striped velour tracksuit as she heads to sister Gigi's apartment in NYC Break from the runway 'Danger zone': Dame Joan Collins blasts her Belgravia neighbours over building work that has left her trapped in her house and caused her ceiling to collapse!  'Feeling very exposed': Eamonn Holmes dresses Ruth Langsford as a sexy secretary after slamming her 'unadventurous' dress sense live on air 'It was really intense': Camila Cabello confesses she hasn't spoken with Fifth Harmony members as she talks painful split from girl group  'I'm just moving on and ignoring you': Martin Lewis has very awkward interview with Kate Garraway... just a day after Richard Arnold snapped at her on air 'It's positive and healthy ': Khloe Kardashian dishes on romance with Tristan Thompson and her 'normal routine' life with the NBA player EXCLUSIVE: Jaden Smith moves into $4million mansion as neighbours say he's already turned gated community into his 'own personal kingdom' Costa chica! Kim Kardashian flaunts her famously peachy derriere in skimpy bikinis on sun-soaked break  Enjoying reminiscing Gordon Ramsay posts a stream of hilarious tweets trashing food made by amateur cooks (but he's not nasty about everyone's efforts)  Sports Illustrated cover star Kate Upton keeps it demure in blouse and leather pants for promotional appearance in NYC  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman shows off her athletic physique and her incredible flexibility as she appears in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart flaunts her busty cleavage in skimpy sports bra as duo endure gruelling workout Miranda Hart to make West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie despite hinting 'mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife' 'Her heart has been ripped out': Charlotte Dawson 'splits from rugby hunk beau Matt Sarsfield after clashing over her partying' 'He's been invited several times': Live With Kelly producer says Regis Philbin WAS asked to be a guest after he retired and even appeared in 2015  Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks prove that things are back on track following their romance-laden Valentine's Day as they step out for second date night of the week TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her slim figure in casual polka dot dungarees as she steps out amid intense training regime for The Jump Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki reveals she's dating NBA forward David Lee within days of returning to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Bonnie And Clyde reunited! Faye Dunaway, 76, and Warren Beatty, 79, 'set to present best picture Oscar' to mark film's 50th anniversary 'Mood': Lottie Moss pokes fun at her elder sister Kate as she shares hilarious meme of the supermodel Took to Instagram  Make America bada** again! Kid Rock 'eyed up as Republican candidate' for Senate seat in home state of Michigan  From the cobbles to the square! ITV shares footage of June Brown starring in Coronation Street to mark the EastEnders star's 90th birthday Ace! Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in a barely-there bikini top and cheeky thong bottoms The tragic empty lives of former child stars: JAN MOIR on how Emma Watson's role as self-appointed global feminist is getting a bit too much  Dare to bare! Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace strips down to fishnet stockings and skimpy daisy dukes for Drake concert 'I am incredibly proud': Pregnant Cheryl reveals her charity is opening a new centre in Newcastle... as she prepares to welcome her first child  'And he's here!' Kirk Norcross celebrates arrival of his son Harry with mystery girlfriend... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Nicola McLean keeps it casual in slogan T-shirt... after making impassioned defence of nude modelling and revealing her dream to pose for Playboy EXCLUSIVE: Fashion editor who posted snap of Tiffany Trump calling out the 'empty seats' beside her, backpedals saying 'a picture doesn't tell the whole story'  Sweet dreams! Behati Prinsloo cosies up to husband Adam Levine in bed as he recounts bizarre party night out for wild Maroon 5 music video Cold Let the sister see the brother! Arg's sibling Natasha is left horrified as the TOWIE star comes down the Love Lift on Take Me Out celebrity special Ashley Tisdale shows off her glowing skin as she wears a cute monochrome pinafore Looked cute in a fashionable mini dress  That's her secret! Vanessa Hudgens leaves Pilates class in little crop top as she shows off her taut tummy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Boeing, Juneyao Airlines finalize order for five 787-9 dreamliners Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Feb 16, 2017 | 7:49pm EST BRIEF-Boeing, Juneyao Airlines finalize order for five 787-9 dreamliners Feb 16 Boeing : * Boeing, Juneyao Airlines finalize order for five 787-9 dreamliners * Finalization of an order for five 787-9 dreamliners, valued at about $1.32 billion at current list prices * Says new order, which also includes options for five more 787-9s, represents Shanghai-based private airline's first Boeing order and first widebody airplane order * Says carrier plans to open new routes to North America, Europe and Australia by 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Next In Market News Italian bond yields set for first weekly fall in five * Euro zone periphery govt bond yields http://tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr Sterling steady ahead of UK retail sales data * Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote http://tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv UPDATE 8-Samsung chief Lee arrested as S.Korean corruption probe deepens * Arrest may hinder Samsung's strategic decision making - experts MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Technology Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Waiting Lists Six Nations 2017 US travel ban Trump presidency Brexit Maurice McCabe Home»Business Norwegian Air's Cork to US flights are still on course Friday, February 17, 2017 Pádraig Hoare Norwegian Air says that it remains fully committed to starting Cork flights to the US in July despite its share price dropping sharply on the back of rising costs for its expanding transatlantic fleet. Shares fell more than 6% following Norwegian’s warning that costs were rising faster than expected as it expands worldwide. The airline is building up its transatlantic operations, has up to 29 Dreamliners on order from Boeing for €17bn and is considering ordering more. Norwegian Air, which is Europe’s third-biggest budget airline by passenger numbers, defended the higher cost expectations, saying it had to build capacity. Its underlying unit cost, which excludes fuel, was down 1% year-on-year, a lower-than-expected reduction for some analysts. CEO Bjorn Kjos said it was necessary for the airline to build up as it received Dreamliners during a presentation for investors. CFO Frode Foss said: “We are guiding upwards on costs as we have to consider our growth and what our ramp-up implies. We are recruiting 2,000 people in 2017. And those who will fly the Dreamliners, we have to train up ourselves.” A spokesperson for Norwegian told the Irish Examiner the rising costs would have no bearing on plans by its subsidiary Norwegian Air International to fly from Cork to New England from July and that the finalised routes would be announced in the coming weeks. He said the Cork flights were not a factor of the rising costs as they would be using Boeing 737 aircraft, suitable to take off from Cork Airport’s shorter runway. The spokesperson said the Dreamliners were used for existing transatlantic routes from other European airports like Gatwick, Paris and Oslo. “We will continue to use our new and existing Dreamliners to deliver new routes through 2017 and beyond. “We’ll see a total of 50 new global routes launched in 2017. This includes a 55% increase in our Dreamliner transatlantic routes from Gatwick, for example.” Norwegian will fly direct to the east coast, with New Hampshire and Rhode Island, near Boston and New York, the most likely airport destinations, because of their lower landing charges compared to Logan and JFK international airports. The airline received the go-ahead from the US Department of Transport for a licence to fly from Ireland to the US in the last weeks of the Obama administration, following a protracted battle. Opposition came from Democrats and Republicans, as well as the biggest labours union in the US, who claimed Norwegian would hire staff cheaply from Asia and undermine American jobs. Norwegian vehemently deny the claims. President Donald Trump’s administration has also signalled that it had no objections to the plans. Meanwhile, a resilient start to 2017 from Air France-KLM and a better- than-expected operating profit lifted shares in the airline to their highest level since July. Shares rose up to 7% in response to the 34% jump in 2016 operating profit to €1.05bn. “We are not euphoric, we are cautious, that’s why we’re continuing to work on costs,” said chief financial officer Frederic Gagey. n Additional reporting by Reuters. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS norwegian air, cork, us, travel, flights, business, economy, finance © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Finance Minister Michael Noonan hammers EU tax plan for hurting ‘consensus’ Rich investors shun stocks over Donald Trump and Brexit Eurozone stability keeps tracker holders in good place KFC franchisee plunges into red with €45m loss Breaking Stories The Really Blue Google Pixel is coming to the UK Tony Blair wants second Brexit referndum Hauliers outline worries ahead of Brexit conference Lifestyle Meet the Irish photographer using military technology for his refugee-related exhibition Ask Audrey has been sorting out Cork people for years Why cosmetic surgery games aimed at children as young as three need to be cut out Exposing the secrets of mental health in London More From The Irish Examiner Helicopter pilot gets lost in Kazakhstan, lands on road to ask for directions Donald Trump said his administration ran like 'a fine-tuned machine' but people begged to differ Missed First Dates Ireland? Here's what happened Time Magazine take a swipe at Trump on the front cover of their latest issue Watch Rory's Stories depict the pain of watching a movie with someone who doesn't give a f*** If this clip is anything to go by, tonight's First Dates Ireland will be quality Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Pokemon Go to receive 80 new Pokemon this week Mel Gibson may direct Suicide Squad 2 Apple's WWDC starts June 5 Lotto Results Wednesday, February 15, 2017 3 10 15 17 34 39 31 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Enda Kenny told quit or face vote of no confidence Corrie fans hit out over 'Mike Baldwin' script blunder Julia Roberts' attorneys confirm Tubs is the a victim of a hoax Cork’s construction prospects look sky high Fianna Fáil behaviour corrosive to democracy Melania Trump's #PowerOfTheFirstLady is leaving everyone pretty baffled Olive Foley collects lifetime achievement award on behalf of Axel Bayern Munich's post-Arsenal tweet was so brutal it should count as an extra goal Paul Murphy TD: Commissioner’s husband had role Parnell place warehouse is at the centre of the action in Cork NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Finance Minister Michael Noonan hammers EU tax plan for hurting ‘consensus’ Rich investors shun stocks over Donald Trump and Brexit SPORT Why Galway will want to wound Wexford Erasmus stands over Munster's player recruitment - 'We will only recruit when we need guys' LIFESTYLE Rainbow make-up is the latest beauty trend Why are so many people spending money on cosmetic dentistry?     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £9123 WE NEED: £8877 11 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts World Staff reject union after Boeing whip up media storm Feb 2017 Friday 17th posted by James Tweedie in World WORKERS at Boeing’s South Carolina plant rejected union representation on Wednesday after a massive propoganda campaign by the firm. The staff at the factory, which makes the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, voted against membership of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. “We’re disappointed the workers at Boeing South Carolina will not yet have the opportunity to see all the benefits that come with union representation,” said IAM lead organiser Mike Evans. “But more than anything, we are disheartened they will have to continue to work under a system that suppresses wages, fosters inconsistency and awards only a chosen few.” Boeing followed the example of Toyota and other employers in running a concerted propaganda campaign against the union. “Boeing management spent a lot of money to make sure power and profits remained concentrated at the very top,” said Mr Evans. The company’s anti-union conduct reached new lows.” Boeing produced videos that were shown repeatedly on local TV stations and at the plant. The firm was attracted to set up its factory in the city of North Charleston by the Republican-run state government’s financial inducements and open opposition to organised labour. The union, which has historically been weak in the south, responded by lobbying the former Democratic federal government to legislate for automatic collective bargaining rights. Workers at the plant have a number of outstanding grievances. Retired Boeing manager Al Reatz, who backed the union recognition campaign, accused senior managers on Monday of refusing to pay agreed bonuses when staff meet required performance targets. Staff have also complained that workplace policy changes from month to month. We need your support to keep running. If you like what you read please donate by clicking here Related Tags: James Tweedie It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Latest Drivers Derail Southern UN: 2-state solution only way for peace between Israel and Palestine Anger grows over Rudd’s Dubs U-turn Health cuts ‘have led to thousands of needless deaths’ Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: February 17th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily February 17th, 2017 Final Testing of NASA's TDRS-M Satellite has Started The Tracking and Data Relay Satellite (TDRS) project has begun final testing on a new satellite that will replenish NASA's Space Network—the spacecraft is scheduled to launch from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, on August 3, 2017, on an Atlas V rocket. Engineers deployed TDRS-M’s antennas during a routine test at Boeing’s plant in El Segundo, California. The photo is courtesy of Boeing. The addition of TDRS-M to the fleet will provide the Space Network (SN) the ability to support space communication for an additional 15 years. The network consists of TDRS satellites that transmit data to and from ground stations on Earth for NASA missions and expendable launch vehicles. Without the Space Network, scientists, engineers and control room staff would be unable to readily access data from missions like the Hubble Space Telescope and the International Space Station. TDRS-M will enable groundbreaking science and expand the current fleet of satellites. TDRS puts the "space" in Space Network. In geosynchronous orbit around Earth, the TDRS constellation ensures reliable, global communications coverage to more than 35 NASA spacecraft. TDRS-M will be the 12th satellite the TDRS team has launched since 1983. “The Space Network is critical to numerous NASA missions that are fundamentally changing the way we think about science,” said Bill Marinelli, TDRS development manager with the Space Communications and Navigation (SCaN) program office at NASA Headquarters, which provides programmatic oversight to the TDRS mission. “By expanding the fleet of satellites that support communications from these missions, TDRS-M will enable NASA to continue scientific exploration and discovery for years to come.” NASA's TDRS-M undergoes vibration testing. Photo is courtesy of Boeing. Designed, built and environmentally tested at Boeing’s satellite development center in El Segundo, California, the spacecraft is currently undergoing a final series of tests to ensure it is flight-ready. TDRS-M will continue to undergo electronics, compatibility and deployment tests into the spring as the team prepares to ship the spacecraft to NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, for its mid-summer launch. NASA developed the idea for the Space Network in the 1970s to improve upon the ground-based space communications networks the agency had used since its inception. With ground networks, spacecraft could only connect with the antennas for short periods of time while they were in sight of the ground terminal. Then they would be without a communications connection for long periods of time. By contrast, a space-based network with satellites placed around the globe would provide nearly continuous coverage. In coming months, engineers will test TDRS-M to ensure it connects with the Space Network’s various ground stations. NASA built the initial White Sands Ground Terminal (WSGT) in Las Cruces, New Mexico, in the 1970s and launched the first TDRS in 1983. In the 1980s, NASA identified the need for and built the Second TDRS Ground Terminal (STGT) at White Sands, forming the White Sands Complex. Today, the network has added two additional ground terminals in Guam and Blossom Point, Maryland, and currently has nine TDRS in orbit around Earth. Two of the original spacecraft have now been retired. The two most recent satellites, TDRS-K  and TDRS-L, were launched from Kennedy Space Center to replenish the fleet in January 2013 and January 2014, respectively. After the scheduled TDRS-M launch later this year, the TDRS project will have successfully launched 12 satellites in support of the Space Network. Artistic rendition of the third-generation TDRS spacecraft. Image is courtesy of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. The TDRS project at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center is responsible for the design, build, integration and testing of the spacecraft. After launch, on-orbit testing and spacecraft acceptance by the TDRS project, the Space Network will integrate TDRS-M into the TDRS constellation. The TDRS project office at Goddard Space Flight Center manages the development effort in conjunction with the Space Communications and Navigation (SCaN) office within the Human Exploration and Operations (HEO) Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington. nasa.gov/mission_pages/tdrs/home/index.html Article written by Ashley Hume NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland Topical Tags :  Events    Manufacturing    Agencies    Satellite Operator          Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News Final Testing of NASA's TDRS-M Satellite has Started Israel Launches Two Nano Satellites... Part of ISRO's Launch of 104  Building the ESM for the Orion Spacecraft is a Win for Airbus Defence and Space VSAT Comms Extended Throughout Saudi Arabia by Marlink for PETSE The Wernher von Braun Memorial Award to be Presented to ESA's Professor Wörner by NSS More News Iridium's Next Date for Second Launch of NEXT Satellites... Then Six Launches Every Two Months Blanketing the South Indian Ocean is NSSLGlobal's New Ku-Band VSAT Coverage SES and Gilat Service Underserved Ships at Sea... More Accessible Connectivity  Harris Brings Battlefield Techniques to IDEX... Keeping Soldiers Connected Last Week's Top Stories United Launch Alliance Trims Back Employees to be Competitive with SpaceX and Others A Proper Grounding for Virgin Galactic to be Provided by Kongsberg SSPI Honors Four as Satellite Hall of Fame Inductees Harris Imager Captures Higher Resolution Imagery Aboard the Himawari-9 Satellite Angola's First Satellite Could Launch During Q3 of this Year Paradigm's Swarm45 Ka-Band Terminal Gets Telenor's Blessing... Opens Market Opportunities Swedish Space Corporation Taps American Aerospace Veteran for Satellite Management Services  Intelsat EpicNG To Improve Broadband Services For Europe and Africa Thaicom Appoints New Chief Strategy Officer... He Will Lead in Company's Asian Brand Growth Flood of Non-Indigenous Satellites Will Generate Half of the Revenue for Upcoming ISRO Launch News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events WEST 2017 MilSatCom Middle East 2017 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona IDGA Military Radar Summit CASBAA OTT Tech Showcase 2017 Digital Ship iShipping Conference 2017 Satellite 2017
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 72F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 48F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 17, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell David Nicklaus - Economy Updates on the economy and what's going on in St. Louis businesses. Close The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. From left are, Trump, Jo-Ann Craft Stores CEO Jill Soltau, Gap Inc. CEO Art Peck and Jeremy Katz, an adviser to National Economic Council director Gary Cohn. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Border tax debate pits theory against the real world By David Nicklaus St. Louis Post-Dispatch David Nicklaus 2 hrs ago (…) The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with retail industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 2017. From left are, Trump, Jo-Ann Craft Stores CEO Jill Soltau, Gap Inc. CEO Art Peck and Jeremy Katz, an adviser to National Economic Council director Gary Cohn. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Much of what America’s retailers sell is made overseas, so it’s not surprising that they fiercely oppose a Republican tax plan that would penalize imports. What may be surprising is that some economists say the so-called border adjustment tax wouldn’t hurt them. The tax mechanism would add 25 percent to the effective price of an imported T-shirt or bottle of wine, but economic theory says the value of the dollar would rise to compensate. The retailer could buy more yuan or pesos or euros with the stronger dollar, so in theory its overall cost wouldn’t change. Conversely — and, again, in theory — exporters such as Boeing and General Electric wouldn’t gain an advantage. They’d get a tax break on overseas sales, but foreign-exchange movements would offset the advantage. The border-adjustment tax, as proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and others, would be a new way of collecting corporate taxes. A 20 percent cash-flow tax would replace the current corporate income tax, with its 35 percent statutory rate and maze of deductions. The tax would apply to a company’s revenue minus all expenses, whether for wages or raw materials or capital investment. Exported products would be deductible, but imports wouldn’t. That’s why big retailers, oil refiners and car dealers don’t like the proposal: They fear a higher after-tax cost on everything they buy overseas. In other words, they don’t believe the economic theory. The National Retail Federation says the average family would pay $1,700 more annually for things such as food and clothing. President Donald Trump hasn’t said whether Ryan’s border-adjustment proposal will be part of the tax plan he expects to announce soon. Trump dismissed the idea in January as too complicated, but his aides suggested days later that it might be a way to pay for a wall on the Mexican border. Businesses are scrambling to understand the border tax. Joel Prakken, senior managing director at Macroeconomic Advisers in Clayton, said clients had more questions about it than any other proposed policy change. “Very few people in the real world believe” the theory that the tax won’t affect imports or exports, Prakken said. “Currency traders don’t believe it, and businesses don’t believe it.” Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives The traders know exchange rates are influenced by many factors, including interest rates and other countries’ policy moves. Trump himself has said the dollar is too strong, so one has to wonder if he would accept a further rise of 20 percent or 25 percent. Still, many economists think the retailers’ fears are overblown. “Importers say the dollar won’t adjust fully or it will take a long time,” says William Gale, senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. “I think it would adjust a lot, and relatively quickly.” Gale says the tax would help the U.S. in some ways. It would remove the incentive for companies to reincorporate overseas, and would make the U.S. a tax haven for export-oriented firms. Other economists, however, think businesses’ concerns are valid. “It is outright protectionist,” argues William Cline, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. “If you produce something domestically, you pay 20 percent only on the profits, but if an import comes in, you pay 20 percent on the entirety of its value. By definition, it discriminates in favor of domestic production and sales and against imports.” If your business depends on imports, Cline would say you’re right to be worried. The chief executives of Target, J.C. Penney and other retailers shared their concerns with Trump on Wednesday, and we’ll soon find out whether he was listening. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Imports Exports Corporate Taxes Border Adjustment Tax Peterson Institute For International Economics Brookings Institution David Nicklaus Concern Commerce Economics Retailer Economist David Nicklaus David Nicklaus is a business columnist for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow David Nicklaus Close Get email notifications on David Nicklaus daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever David Nicklaus posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow David Nicklaus Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Foreigners are pulling back from U.S. debt like never before India navy spurns homemade warplane, latest blow to Asia push for self-reliance Nicklaus: St. Louis faces big bill for convention center shortcomings Clayton rejects Centene petition as unconstitutional Woman claims Popeyes meal gave her flesh-eating worms — chain denies it Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Border tax debate pits theory against the real world Capital Innovators invests in cookies, exercise and learning Centene's Neidorff lands on group's list of overpaid CEOs Nicklaus: St. Louis faces big bill for convention center shortcomings Nicklaus: It's time for Fed to stop procrastinating on a $4.5 trillion issue Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Celebrate your company's culture! Find the dream job you are looking for. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Go Columbia February 17, 2017 12:01 AM Best of the rest: Events for Feb. 17 and beyond calendar i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story FRIDAY, FEB. 17 BACKYARD POULTRY WORKSHOP: 9:30 a.m.-4 p.m. Friday at the Lexington County Clemson Extension Office. The Clemson University Cooperative Extension Service in Lexington County, in partnership with the Lexington County Soil & Water Conservation District, will conduct a one day Backyard Poultry Workshop. The program will cover several important aspects of poultry production. Topics to be covered include: getting started, feeding and nutrition, housing (mobile vs. permanent), selecting quality birds, biosecurity basics and predator control. $70; includes a flash drive containing copies of the presentation, fact sheets, lunch, and refreshments. 605 West Main St., Lexington. To register: Alivia Gunter, (803) 359-8515 ext. 111, aliviag@clemson.edu MY VOICE IS...: 6 p.m., doors open at 5 p.m. Friday at the South Carolina State Library. We want to hear your words of inspiration, laughter, joy, and struggles. Would you like to share your voice? Make us stop and think? Cry? Or laugh out loud? Then this is the stage for you. The event will be hosted by Darion McCloud, the co-founder and creative director of the NiA Company and creator and Captain of Story Squad. Light refreshments will be served. 1500 Senate St. (803) 734-8666, reference@statelibrary.sc.gov. http://statelibrary.sc.libcal.com TRUE BLUE TRIO: 7 p.m. Friday at Blue Moon Ballroom (formerly So You Want To Dance). Shannon Pinkney’s True Blue Trio have another evening of American Songbook music and dancing. Blue Moon has a nightclub ambiance, superior acoustics, the perfect dance floor—and plenty of free parking. The $15 cover ($10/students with ID) includes beverages, hors d’oeuvres, and a half-hour dance lesson at 7 p.m. Live music from 7:30-9 p.m., more music till 10 p.m. 554 Meeting St., West Columbia (two blocks from the Gervais Street Bridge). (803) 569-0380, www.facebook.com/events/1506868196287398 JONATHAN BRENT BUTLER & LAURA SPONG: THE WORLD BEGINS ARTIST’S RECEPTION: 7-9 p.m. Friday at if ART Gallery. if ART Gallery will open a collaborative poetry and painting exhibition by Columbia poet Jonathan Brent Butler and veteran Columbia painter Laura Spong. The exhibition will present paintings by Spong responding to Butler’s poetry and poems by Butler created in response to Spong’s paintings. 1223 Lincoln St. (803) 238-2351, wroefs@sc.rr.com. http://ifartgallery.blogspot.com FRIDAY NIGHT LASER LIGHTS: 7, 8 and 9 p.m. Friday at The South Carolina State Museum. Guests will enjoy a stunning display of lasers choreographed to a number of hits. There will be three different shows all featuring different genres of music: 7 p.m. – Dave Matthews Band (run time: 49 mins), 8 p.m. – B52s (run time: 44 mins) and 9 p.m. – Pink Floyd: The Wall (run time: 50 mins). Doors open at 6 p.m. The Boeing Observatory will also be open during the event for guests to do some night sky viewing while waiting on their shows. The event will also feature special laser enhancing glasses, local food trucks and a planetarium bar for guests to purchase beer, wine and non-alcoholic beverages sponsored by K&W Beverage. $10 per show for general public; $8 per show for museum members. $15 for two shows general public, $12 for members. Please note: Laser shows contain bright, flashing lights that may cause discomfort to those with light sensitivity or other pre-existing conditions. 301 Gervais St. (803) 898-4921, www.scmuseum.org SATURDAY, FEB. 18 KINGSMEN BREAKFAST: 8-10 a.m. Saturday at Christian Life Church. Come for a great breakfast, meet new friends, and hear Ed Germann share his heart. Ed was a NYC bookie and today is the Field Director for International Students, Inc. Be encouraged as you worship and laugh together, and pray for each other. Guys of all ages are invited. 2700 Bush River Rd. Gary Shull, (803) 238-7795, www.CLColumbia.com VALENTINE VISTA TOURS: 11 a.m.-1:30 p.m. and 4-6:30 p.m. Saturday in the Vista. Two Gals and a Fork Food Tours and Historic Columbia will partner to host historical food tours. Guests will visit five top Vista restaurants for an ample sampling of their specialties all while hearing the rich history of Columbia and the Vista. Guides will be sharing some old “love stories” from ages past as well as cool history including some of Columbia’s “firsts”. They also talk about the Burning of Columbia and how we evolved to what we are today. Tours are 2.5 hours. Tickets are $38, $40 or $43 depending on total tickets purchased. (803) 260-7992, (803) 360-0578, www.twogalsfoodtours.com STRONG THREADS AFRICAN AMERICAN FESTIVAL: 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday at the St. John Holistic Wellness Center. Special appearance by DONKMASTER#1 with his prized DONK will delight car enthusiasts of all ages. The sensational gospel singer, Regina Skeeters, will delightfully entertain. Up and coming artists, Mo$music, Chayil Eden, Melodic Hearts and The Entity Band will provide exciting music throughout the day. The Black Inventors’ Museum by Audrey Smalls will increase the knowledge base of the community on the accomplishments of African Americans over the years. Food and product vendors are encouraged to sell and promote their products at this event. $5. 222 JW Neal Circle, Hopkins. Veronica Primus, (803) 719-1871, www.strongthreads.com EIGHTH ANNUAL “BATTLE OF THE BADGES” CHARITY GAME: 7 p.m. Saturday at Gilbert High School. Members of the Lexington County Sheriff’s Department and the County of Lexington Department of Public Safety will play in the charity game. The game is open to the public and citizens are encouraged to attend. All proceeds from the event will benefit Samaritan’s Well, a nonprofit organization in Lexington County that supports women and children in transition. $7 per person in advance; $10 per person the day of the event. Each ticket includes dinner at 5:30 p.m. 840 Main St., Gilbert. For more information on purchasing tickets, contact Lexington County Sheriff’s Department’s Resident Deputy Craig Finley, sfinley@lcsd.sc.gov, or County of Lexington Assistant Emergency Manager Wendy Jeffcoat, wjeffcoat@lex-co.com. BLUE MOON CONCERT SERIES: Show starts at 8 p.m., doors open at 7 p.m. Saturday at UU Coffeehouse. The name has changed, but everything is still the same about the UU Coffeehouse! We now call it the Blue Moon Concert Series, but everything else is the same as before. If there is a star that has emerged from the UU Coffeehouse, it is definitely Harpeth Rising! These three ladies have stunned and amazed audiences the past two times they have come through town. The beautiful blending of cello, banjo, and violin along with their lovely voices is simply breathtaking! We still serve homemade desserts and coffee, and still invite you to bring your own adult beverage if you chose. $-- at door, $-- if reserved on the UU Hotline. 2701 Heyward St. (803) 608-5033, www.uucoffeehouse.org MR. BURNS: 8 p.m. Saturday at Longstreet Theatre. Anne Washburn’s critically acclaimed dark comedy, with a musical score by Michael Friedman, imagines how modern society rebuilds after enduring a major global cataclysm. Starting in the present day, we’re introduced to a small band of survivors gathered around a campfire, trying to piece together an episode of the television show “The Simpsons” from memory. Seven years later, those same survivors are staging traveling, theatrical versions of “Simpsons” episodes (including commercials) as part of a new, tribal economy. Flash forward seventy-five more years, and we see that these recollections have progressed into the grand storytelling tradition of a new civilization. A paean to live theater, and the resilience of Bart Simpson through the ages, “Mr. Burns” is an animated exploration of how the pop culture of one era might evolve into the mythology of another. $12 for students, $16 for USC faculty/staff, military personnel and seniors (60+) and $18 for the general public. 1214 College St., across from USC’s historic Horseshoe. (803) 777-2551, www.dance.sc.edu SUNDAY, FEB. 19 DOLLAR SUNDAY: 1-4 p.m. Sunday at the Mann-Simons Site. The third Sunday of the month, residents of Richland and Lexington counties are invited to tour of one of Historic Columbia’s house museums for just $1! Visit the new exhibits at the Mann-Simons Site, the home to the same African-American family for nearly 130 years. Throughout the day, Historic Columbia will showcase artifacts that are not normally on display and will present a variety of hands-on children’s activities, including archeological dig boxes. The house will be open for guests to tour at their own pace, and guides will be available to answer any questions. Tickets can be purchased at the Mann-Simons Site. General admission prices apply to all other properties. 1403 Richland St. (803)-252-1770 x 23, www.historiccolumbia.org RICHLAND LIBRARY SANDHILLS GRAND OPENING: 2-4 p.m. Sunday at the new Richland Library Sandhills. In November 2013, Richland County residents passed a $59 million bond referendum that will enhance library facilities over the course of the next few years. Check out your new library location with us! Local residents are invited to take part in the grand opening celebration, which will include activities, music and a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 2 p.m. with Richland Library staff and local officials. Free and open to the public. 763 Fashion Dr. www.buildingyourlibrary.com AN AFTERNOON OF JAZZ & POPS WITH ALTHEA JACOBS: 3 p.m. Sunday at Rice Music House. Aletha Jacobs, 1997 USC graduate M.M. Jazz Studies, has taught piano, applied jazz and jazz ensemble at Columbia College ( ’78 BA Music Education/Choral/Piano ) since 1998. As a professional musician for 40 years, she has performed in every kind of venue, from playing/singing in bands, accompanying various musicians and musicals, to performing with orchestras. She has also toured the Mediterranean and Central America performing for our troops. Some famous people she has shared a stage with include John Pizzarelli, The Shirelles, The Drifters and Freddy Cole. Free, but RSVP to reserve a seat. 470 Town Center Place #16, (803) 254-2777, www.ricemusichouse.com WE COULD HAVE DANCED ALL NIGHT: 7 p.m. Sunday at Katie & Irwin Kahn JCC. A fun concert featuring dances from different styles, countries, centuries and full of surprises! Do not miss special Valentines night out performance with PCO and Maestra Suzanna. Tickets available at the door. General admission, $10; military, retirees and students, $5; children up to age 12, free. VIP, $20 ($35 per pair). Cash or checks, no credit cards. 306 Flora Dr. BALANCE: 8 p.m. Sunday at the Center for Performance Experiment. Conceived and directed by Steven Pearson, and written by Robyn Hunt, “Balance” is the third in a trilogy of works that Pearson calls “riffs” on the works of playwright Anton Chekhov. Utilizing innovative physical movement and scenic design, “Balance” takes a lighthearted and whimsical look at the fates of Chekhov’s beloved characters Olga, Masha, and Irina in the years following their appearance in the play “Three Sisters”. Excerpts from “Three Sisters” appear in the production in the form of flashbacks to the characters’ origins. Admission is free, with limited seating available on a first-come, first-served basis. 718 Devine St., between Huger and Gadsden Streets, near the Colonial Life Arena. Kevin Bush, (803) 777-9353, bushk@mailbox.sc.edu MONDAY, FEB. 20 BLACK HISTORY EXTRAVAGANZA: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Monday at Greenview Park. The City of Columbia Parks and Recreation Department invites the public to celebrate Black History Month. The event will include exhibitors, live entertainment and more. The event is open to youth, adults and seniors age 55 and older. Free admission. Lunch, $5, will be provided. 6700 David St. (803) 545-3100, www.columbiasc.net PRESIDENT’S DAY TOURS: 11:30 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday at the Woodrow Wilson Family Home. Join Historic Columbia for tours of the “Woodrow Wilson Family Home: A Museum of Reconstruction” to see how Wilson’s time in Columbia may have influenced his decisions as president. Normally closed to the public on Mondays, there is no better way to mark President’s Day than by taking a tour of the only Presidential site in South Carolina. The house will be open for guests to tour at their own pace, and guides will be available to answer any questions. Tours are free for members, $8 for adults, $5 youth (ages 6-17) and free for children under 5. Tickets can be purchased at the Woodrow Wilson Family Home. 1705 Hampton St. (803) 252-1770 x 23, www.historiccolumbia.org TUESDAY, FEB. 21 ABSOLUTE SLAVES: RACE, LAW AND SOCIETY IN ANTEBELLUM SOUTH CAROLINA: Noon-1 p.m Tuesday at Mann-Simons Site. Bring your lunch as we munch our way into the past. Historic Columbia’s Lunch & Learn series returns for a three-part installment that will honor Black History Month and will explore important African American people, places and moments in history. At this luncheon, learn about the common-law definition of race and how it related to social and political thought on race in antebellum South Carolina. Presented by Rochelle Outlaw, J.D., Ph.D. candidate, USC. HC members and college students: $25 (3 part series), $10 (individual session). Non-members: $30 (3 part series), $12 (individual session). 1403 Richland St. (803) 252-1770 x 23, reservations@historiccolumbia.org. www.historiccolumbia.org A SONG FOR CORETTA: 7 p.m. Tuesday at if ART Gallery. Directed by Bonita Peeples and starring Marilyn Matheus, Michaela Pilar Brown, Molly Ledford, Trinessa Dubas, Loretta Brown, Amanda McSwine and Tyler Powe, NiA brings to life Pearl Cleage’s story of five women standing in line to pay final respects to civil rights heroine Coretta Scott King. Various reasons have brought these women to this place and their time together reveals not only their truths but their secrets. “A Song For Coretta” is both historical and topical. Free admission. 1223 Lincoln St. (803) 238-2351, wroefs@sc.rr.com. www.ifartgallery.blogspot.com “RACHMANINOFF’S RHAPSODY”: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Koger Center for the Arts. Joyce Yang, a Van Cliburn International Piano Competition silver medalist and Avery Fisher Career Grant recipient, showcases her colorful musical personality in solo recitals and collaborations with the world’s top orchestras. She joins the USC Symphony Orchestra as special guest on Rachmaninoff’s “Rhapsody on the Theme of Paganini”, one of the most demanding, inventive, thrilling and sensuously beautiful piano works ever composed. General public, $30; seniors, USC faculty and staff, $25; students, $8. 1051 Greene St. (803) 777-5112, www.kogercenterforthearts.com WEDNESDAY, FEB. 22 SECOND CHANCE CAREER FAIR: 3-7 p.m. Wednesday at Dutch Square Mall. The purpose of this event is to not only help those who have had trouble finding employment due to background checks, disabilities or lack of experience but to also educate the public as to what steps can be made to further their education and careers. This project is geared towards those with background and disability barriers, but is an event for each and every one to participate. Free event. www.123contactform.com/form-2131708/Event-Registration-Form BELLYDANCE CLASS – TRIBAL FUSION: 6-7 p.m. Wednesday at Tapp’s Arts Center. Join Ashley Moore in The Fountain Room for the sixth installation of her popular Tribal Fusion Bellydance workshop. Learn to use your body as an instrument, to communicate music, and articulate your movements like never before. In this safe space, the only medium you need for creation and self-expression – is yourself. Learn basic dance and theater warm-up techniques, breathing, posture and basic bellydance moves. Join the growing family of bellydancers in the Columbia area, who have discovered a new way to relax, get some exercise, and dance with joy and confidence. Open to all levels. Six weeks long. $60. 1644 Main St. (803) 988-0013, info@tappsartscenter.com. www.tappsartscenter.com WEDNESDAY NIGHT COLAJAZZ ARTISTS SERIES: MITCH BUTLER: 8-11 p.m. Wednesday at the Main Street Public House. Cola Jazz was born from Mark Rapp’s goal to organize and bolster the Columbia jazz community through recordings, events, and education. Its website, colajazz.com, is already the resource for all things jazz as presented by the talented and accomplished jazz artists and educators active in the Midlands. Featured artist is Trombone great Mitch Butler. No cover and no minimum. 1556 Main St. (803) 834-3409, www.facebook.com/colajazz THURSDAY, FEB. 23 THE NEWCOMERS’ CLUB OF GREATER COLUMBIA LUNCHEON: 11:30 a.m. Thursday at the Lexington Country Club. The Newcomers’ Club is a nonprofit organization formed to assist new residents in beginning a social life in a new community and to promote interest in great Columbia’s civic and cultural affairs. The program will feature Dr. Will Moreau Goins who will speak on indigenous cultures of South Carolina. He has been an activist in Native American issues and is an educator on SC Cherokee culture. 1066 Barr Rd., Lexington. For luncheon reservations or more information about the club, (803) 750-6695, www.newcomersofgreatercolumbia.com. 62ND ANNUAL JURIED STUDENT EXHIBITION OPENING RECEPTION: 5-7 p.m. Thursday at McMaster Gallery. The annual juried student exhibition will include original artworks of a variety of mediums by current undergraduate and graduate students of the University of South Carolina’s School of Visual Art and Design. Awards ceremony at 6 p.m. in the McMaster Gallery. This year’s juror will be Catherine Walworth, Ph.D., the new Curator at the Columbia Museum of Art. The presentation of awards will include: 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place undergraduate winners, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place graduate winners, and one Best of Show winner. 1615 Senate St. (803) 777-5752, www.artsandsciences.sc.edu/art/mcmaster_gallery “IMPROVE YOUR SMILE, TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE” LAUNCH PARTY AND SIGNING: 5:30-7:30 p.m. Thursday at Pitner Downtown Orthodontics. For those who are exploring orthodontic options for their family or finally fixing their teeth as an adult, Dr. Pitner covers it all. In her new book Dr. Pitner explains the science behind our smiles and the various treatment options for transforming them. She draws on her unique background in art and positive psychology to provide a unique guide to orthodontic treatment and the power of a great smile covering everything from common myths to the latest advances in technology. Open to the public. 1201 Main St., Suite 900. www.drpitner.com AN EVENING WITH LEONARD PITTS, JR: 7 p.m. Thursday at 701 Whaley. This evening’s event is the culminating event to One Book, One Community, an initiative where we encouraged everyone to read this year’s selection, “Grant Park”, throughout February. The emotionally-charged novel takes a provocative look at black and white relations in contemporary America, blending the absurd and the poignant in a powerfully well-crafted narrative. Local residents have an opportunity to engage in a discussion with the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and get their books signed. Free and open to the public. 701 Whaley St. Emily Stoll, (803) 587-3637, estoll@richlandlibrary.com “ROSENWALD” FILM: 7 p.m. Thursday at Harbison Theatre at Midlands Technical College. Richland County Council Chair Joyce Dickerson, District 2, invites the public to attend a free showing of “Rosenwald,” a documentary that follows the remarkable relationship between Jewish businessman Julius Rosenwald and historic educator Booker T. Washington and their success in building schools for African American children throughout the Southeast, some of which existed in Richland County. Richland County Government, Richland County Conservation Commission and the Jewish Federation of Columbia are sponsors of the event. 7300 College St., Irmo OUTLAW SONG: 8 p.m. Thursday at the Lab Theatre. The story follows U.S. marshal Roberta Weiss as she tracks the antics of outlaw Billie Baxter through a serene western town. Driven largely by female actors, the play explores power relationships and exploits typical hero-villain tropes. The production is underscored by another unexpected element: Mexican wrestling. Wrestler “El Soso” adds yet another layer to the chaos inflicted on the Old Western town. $5, with tickets available only at the door. 1400 Wheat St., on the first floor of the Booker T. Washington building. Kevin Bush, (803) 777-9353, bushk@mailbox.sc.edu ONGOING EVENTS USC DANCE PROGRAM’S SPRING CONTEMPORARY CONCERT: Performance, Wednesday-Saturday at Drayton Hall Theatre. Through Feb. 18. $12 for students, $16 for University faculty/staff, military or seniors 60+, and $18 for the general public. 1214 College St., across from USC’s historic Horseshoe. (803) 777-2551, www.dance.sc.edu “MARCUS, OR THE SECRET OF SWEET”: Select days through Feb. 18 at Trustus Theatre. Weekends: $30. Students, $20; weekdays and matinees, $25. Students, $20. 520 Lady St. (803) 254-9732, www.trustus.org NO SEX PLEASE, WE’RE BRITISH: Select days through Feb. 18 at The Ritz Theatre. $23. 1511 Main St., Newberry. (803) 276-5179, www.newberryoperahouse.com SOME GIRL(S): Select days through Feb. 19 at The Market Place at 701 Whaley. Contains adult language and sexual situations. Adults, $20; seniors/military, $17; students, $14. 701 Whaley St. (803) 799-6551, www.workshoptheatre.com MR. BURNS: Select days through Feb. 25 at at Longstreet Theatre. $12 for students, $16 for USC faculty/staff, military personnel and seniors (60+) and $18 for the general public. Show times are 8 p.m., Wednesdays through Saturdays, with additional 3 p.m. matinees on Sunday, February 19 and Saturday, February 25. 1214 College St., across from USC’s historic Horseshoe. (803) 777-2551, www.dance.sc.edu BALANCE: Select days through Feb. 25 at the Center for Performance Experiment. Admission is free, with limited seating available on a first-come, first-served basis. 718 Devine St., between Huger and Gadsden Streets, near the Colonial Life Arena. Kevin Bush, (803) 777-9353, bushk@mailbox.sc.edu COLLECT-ED: Exhibit, Monday-Saturday in the main gallery at City Art. Through Feb. 25. Free. 1224 Lincoln St. (803)252-3613, www.cityartonline.com WADE SELLERS — 25 ARTISTS: Exhibit, Wednesday-Sunday at 701 CCA. Through Feb. 26. Members, free; non-members, $5 suggested donation. 701 Whaley St., second floor. www.701cca.org OUTLAW SONG: Select days through Feb. 26 at the Lab Theatre. $5, with tickets available only at the door. 1400 Wheat St., on the first floor of the Booker T. Washington building. Kevin Bush, (803) 777-9353, bushk@mailbox.sc.edu “LATER THE SAME EVENING”: Select days through Feb. 26 at the Drayton Hall stage. Adults, $25; seniors, USC faculty and staff, military, $20; students with ID, $7. Online and phone sales end at 3 p.m. opening day. After that you may purchase at the door one hour before show. 1214 College St. (803) 777-5369, www.sc.edu/music/opera WOMEN...THE REAL HEROES: Exhibit, Monday-Friday at The Fine Arts Center of Kershaw County. Through March 3. 810 Lyttleton St., Camden. (803) 425-7676 extension 300, www.fineartscenter.org JONATHAN BRENT BUTLER & LAURA SPONG: THE WORLD BEGINS: Exhibit, Weekdays and Saturdays at if ART Gallery. Through March 11. 1223 Lincoln St. (803) 238-2351, wroefs@sc.rr.com. http://ifartgallery.blogspot.com 62ND ANNUAL JURIED STUDENT EXHIBITION OPENING RECEPTION: Exhibit, Weekdays at McMaster Gallery. Through March 16. 1615 Senate St. (803) 777-5752, www.artsandsciences.sc.edu/art/mcmaster_gallery HOLOCAUST REMEMBERED: Exhibit, Monday-Saturday at McKissick Museum, second floor lobby. Through April 8. Free. 816 Bull St. http://artsandsciences.sc.edu/mckissickmuseum/holocaust-remembered BLACK MEDICINE/WHITE BODIES: AN INVESTIGATION OF CHARLESTON’S YELLOW FEVER EPIDEMICS 1854-1871: Exhibit, Monday-Saturday at McKissick Museum, second floor, north gallery. Through May 6. Free. 816 Bull St. (803) 777-7251, http://artsandsciences.sc.edu/mckissickmuseum/mckissick-museum ‘SAVAGE ANCIENT SEAS’ AND ‘SEA MONSTERS: A PREHISTORIC ADVENTURE’: Exhibit, Monday-Sunday at The South Carolina State Museum. Guests can see both the exhibit and film for a complete underwater prehistoric experience for only $16.95 for adults, $15.95 for seniors (62 and older), $14.95 for children (ages 3-12) and $7 for museum members. Regular blockbuster admission, including museum general admission is $13.95 for adults, $12.95 for seniors, $11.95 for children and $4 for museum members. Runs through Sept. 5. 301 Gervais St. (803) 898-4921, www.scmuseum.org COFFEE AND CONVERSATION: 2-4 p.m. Tuesdays at Cayce United Methodist Church. For singles age 55-plus. Sponsored by Thompson Funeral Home. 1600 12th St., Cayce. Mary Beth Lamey, (803) 996-1023, (803) 995-0068. www.thompsonsfuneral.com SECOND SHIFT TWOSDAYS: 5-8 p.m. Tuesdays at the S.C. State Museum. 2 for $10 or $5 per person. 301 Gervais St. (803) 898-4921, www.scmuseum.org PICKLEBALL: 6-8:30 p.m. Tuesdays at Trenholm Park, indoors. Free. 3900 Covenant Rd. (803) 787-0216, richlandcountyrecreation.com/centers/trenholm-park/ SCOTTISH COUNTRY DANCING: 7 p.m. Tuesdays at Eastminster Presbyterian Church. Free. 3200 Trenholm Rd. Palmetto Scottish Country Dance Society, (803) 345-0158, billmac85@yahoo.com CITY ROOTS FARMERS MARKET: 4-7 p.m. Thursdays at City Roots Farmers Market. 1005 Airport Blvd. (803) 254-2302, erin@cityroots.org. www.cityroots.org/city-roots-farmers-market OPEN STAGE & BLUEGRASS/ACOUSTIC JAM SESSION: 6 p.m. Fridays at Bill’s Music Shop. Open stage and bluegrass/acoustic jam session every Friday night. 710 Meeting St. (803) 796-6477, www.billsmusicshop.com SODA CITY MARKET: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturdays on the 1500 block of Main Street. Runs year-round, rain or shine. http://sodacitysc.com/ FREE SUNDAYS AT COLUMBIA MUSEUM OF ART: Noon-5 p.m. Sundays at the Columbia Museum of Art. 1515 Main St. (803) 799-2810, www.columbiamuseum.org/visit SQUARE DANCE LESSONS: 1:30 p.m. Sundays at The Barn. $5 per lesson. First lesson is free. 680 Cherokee Ln., West Columbia. (803) 772-0546, www.thebarnsc.biz UPCOMING EVENTS “HOOP IT UP” BLOOD DRIVE: 7 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 24 at the Columbia Metropolitan Convention Center. The city of Columbia and Mayor Steve Benjamin are once again teaming up with the American Red Cross in hopes of saving thousands of lives. The community is invited to join a lifesaving team at the blood drive. 1101 Lincoln St. HISTORY OF THE 8TH AIR FORCE WITH LT. GEN. BUCK SHULER, JR.: Noon-1 p.m. Feb. 24 at the SC Confederate Relic Room and Military Museum. Shuler commanded the Strategic Air Command of the 8th Air Force from 1988 to 1991 at Barksdale Air Force Base, La. A graduate of the Citadel (cl. 1959), he earned his pilot wings in 1960 and steadily rose in rank with several distinguished stations over his long career. He flew 107 combat missions over North Vietnam, Laos, and the Republic of Vietnam between 1968 and 1969. Among his many awards Shuler earned the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal and the Distinguished Flying Cross. Retired in 1991, he led the campaign to build the Mighty 8th Air Force Museum in Savannah, Georgia. Free and open to the public. 301 Gervais St. (803) 737-8095, www.crr.sc.gov A CONVERSATION WITH COKIE ROBERTS: 4 p.m. Feb. 24 at Richland Library, Main Branch. Part of this year’s Deckle Edge Literary Festival, a weekend-long initiative that offers programs and activities geared toward readers and writers. The author of more than eight books, primarily focusing on women’s roles in political history, Roberts plans to share her most recent work, the stunning picture book, “Ladies of Liberty: The Women Who Shaped Our Nation”. Roberts, who has more than 40 years of broadcast experience and is the winner of three Emmys, is taking part in a book signing as well. Free and open to the public. 1431 Assembly St. Emily Stoll, (803) 587-3637, estoll@richlandlibrary.com SCOTT KIRBY CELEBRATES AMERICANA IN MULTIMEDIA PERFORMANCE: doors open at 6:30 p.m.; performance starts at 7 p.m. Feb. 24 at Columbia Museum of Art. Pianist, composer, and visual artist Scott Kirby brings to life the music of the American heartland in this multimedia performance. Exploring the history and vision of small-town American life, Kirby deftly weaves together live piano music and spoken narrative, both accompanied throughout by a video presentation consisting of his original artwork, video footage, photography, and archival materials. The highly original performance features 150 years of music from such celebrated artists as Scott Joplin, Stephen Foster, and John Philip Sousa as well as Kirby’s own composition. $12; $10 for members. 1515 Main St. (803) 799-2810, www.columbiamuseum.org “LATER THE SAME EVENING”: 7:30 p.m. Feb. 24 at the Drayton Hall stage. Inspired by five of Edward Hopper’s classic American paintings, “Later the Same Evening” was written in 2007 by composer John Musto and librettist Mark Campbell. The story reveals the hope, longing and love of characters in five Hopper paintings as they step out of their frames and come to life. Adults, $25; seniors, USC faculty and staff, military, $20; students with ID, $7. Online and phone sales end at 3 p.m. opening day. After that you may purchase at the door one hour before show. 1214 College St. (803) 777-5369, www.sc.edu/music/opera AMERICAN LEGION RIDERS OF CHAPIN POST 193 BREAKFAST: 7:30-11 a.m. Feb. 25 at Zorba’s in Chapin. This is a major fundraiser for the Chapin American Legion Riders and all funds raised will be used to assist veterans in the local community, Veteran Organizations and or used to fund community projects. Come on out have a great breakfast and spend time with frinds and veterans. $10. 1260 Chapin Rd, Chapin. www.americanlegionpost193.com 7TH ANNUAL MARDI GRAS COLUMBIA PARADE & MUSIC FESTIVAL: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Feb. 25 at City Roots Farm. First launched in 2011 as a family-friendly, homegrown shindig, Mardi Gras Columbia has grown into a full-fledged community festival that celebrates creativity and diversity in the Midlands with a 5k race, a parade through the Rosewood neighborhood, and an all-ages festival with four stages of bands from across the Southeast and tasty food and drink for sale, including beers from Abita Brewing in Louisiana and Columbia’s own River Rat Brewery. 1005 Airport Blvd. www.mardigrascolumbia.com CAROLINA BALLET’S JUNIOR COMPANY PRESENTS “AESOP’S FABLES”: 3 p.m. Feb. 25 at the CMFA ArtSpace. “Aesop’s Fables” tells the traditional stories of the “Ant and the Grasshopper”; the “Tourtoise and the Hare” and many others, all depicted in lively dance. Each of the fables has moral and a distinct educational outreach component. This production, under the artistic direction of Mimi Worrell with Amy Shuler and Nicole Czekalski, is specially designed for children from pre-K through Middle School. It is a production by the youngest dancers in Carolina Ballet’s Center for Dance Education pre-professional program. A reception to meet the performers immediately after the performance is included in the ticket price. $10.50. 914 Pulaski St. (803) 771-6303 GROUNDED: 8 p.m. Feb. 25 at Trustus Theatre’s Cohn Side Door Theatre. Winner of a 2016 Lucille Lortel Award and the 2012 Smith Prize for Political Theatre, George Brant’s one-woman play tells the story of an ace fighter pilot whose sky-high career is ended early due to an unexpected pregnancy. She finds herself reassigned to a team of drone pilots, hunting overseas terrorists by day from a drab Las Vegas bunker and returning to her new family each night. This new reality begins to take a heavy psychological toll as she struggles to reconcile motherhood with the pressures of waging a war half a world away. Contains intense adult themes and strong language, and is not suitable for children. $25; student tickets, $15. Tickets available only at the door. 520 Lady St. (803) 254-9732, www.trustus.org CAROLINA BALLET’S JUNIOR COMPANY PRESENTS “AESOP’S FABLES”: 3 p.m. Feb. 26 at the CMFA ArtSpace. “Aesop’s Fables” tells the traditional stories of the “Ant and the Grasshopper”; the “Tourtoise and the Hare” and many others, all depicted in lively dance. Each of the fables has moral and a distinct educational outreach component. This production, under the artistic direction of Mimi Worrell with Amy Shuler and Nicole Czekalski, is specially designed for children from pre-K through Middle School. It is a production by the youngest dancers in Carolina Ballet’s Center for Dance Education pre-professional program. A reception to meet the performers immediately after the performance is included in the ticket price. $10.50. 914 Pulaski St. (803) 771-6303 GARDENING FOR THE BIRDS: 6 p.m. Feb. 27 at Lexington Library. Attract a variety of birds to your yard by providing food and shelter in your garden. Learn what plants provide seeds, fruit, and protein sources. Beautify your garden with plants and birds! Presented by David Brown, Lexington Master Gardener. 5440 Augusta Rd., Lexington MODJESKA SIMKINS AND THE FIGHT FOR EDUCATIONAL EQUALITY: Noon-1 p.m Feb. 28 at Mann-Simons Site. Bring your lunch as we munch our way into the past. Historic Columbia’s Lunch & Learn series returns for a three-part installment that will honor Black History Month and will explore important African American people, places and moments in history. At this luncheon, learn how Modjeska Simkins, South Carolina’s matriarch of human rights, worked with NAACP leaders, teachers and ordinary people to ensure equal pay for black teachers and better education opportunities for black children. Presented by Candace Cunningham, Ph.D. Candidate, USC. HC members and college students: $25 (3 part series), $10 (individual session). Non-members: $30 (3 part series), $12 (individual session). 1403 Richland St. (803) 252-1770 x 23, reservations@historiccolumbia.org. www.historiccolumbia.org Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Go Columbia Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:50 Bluffton daycare closes for immigrant strike Pause 2:51 Gamecocks count down to postseason play 1:24 A sneak peek of North East Richland's new library 1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships 0:58 Frank Martin explains how to fix what ails the Gamecocks 1:43 Donald Trump's greatest South Carolina hits in 90 seconds 2:25 Highlights and postgame comments from Manning's victory over Swansea 1:22 Rep. Joe Neal and his most memorable moments 1:50 Siblings mark grave of brother killed as a toddler 60 years earlier 11:47 SC Rep. Joseph Neal argues for removing the Confederate battle flag from State House grounds Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Thursdays@McCutchen 1:30 a day ago Thursdays@McCutchen 0:40 21 days ago Metropolitan Opera auditioner sings "We Hail Thee Carolina" 1:51 a month ago How you can join Columbia's community gardens View more video Go Columbia ‘Mr. Burns’ mixes survival with 'The Simpsons' Here’s where to find one of Columbia’s best Thursday meal deals It’s no joke: Carolina Cup, USC spring football game set for same day Suds in the City: World Beer Festival Columbia returns Celebrate the bike’s 200th with rides on these SC trails Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Virgin Australia defers Boeing deliveries after profits drop Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Thu Feb 16, 2017 | 9:53pm EST Virgin Australia defers Boeing deliveries after profits drop By Jamie Freed | SYDNEY SYDNEY Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd (VAH.AX) on Friday said it would defer the delivery of new Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 MAX aircraft for at least a year as it continues to battle against tough demand conditions in the domestic aviation market. Virgin Chief Executive John Borghetti said the capital cost of buying the new aircraft for Australia's second-largest airline "far outweighs" savings on offer from operating more fuel-efficient planes given the oil price was relatively low. "The fuel business case isn't as good as it was," he told Reuters in a phone interview after the airline reported a 48 percent fall in first-half underlying pre-tax earnings to A$42.3 million ($32.56 million). "On balance we can push these back." Borghetti declined to say how many 737 MAX deliveries would be affected, but a person with knowledge of the situation told Reuters it was between five and 10 aircraft. Borghetti did not rule out a further deferral, depending on market conditions. Virgin is the latest customer of the U.S. based aircraft manufacturer to defer deliveries at a time when orders for Boeing and rival Airbus Group SE (AIR.PA) have slowed globally due to weakening economies and relatively low oil prices. Australia's domestic aviation market, dominated by Virgin and its larger rival Qantas Airways Ltd (QAN.AX), has been subdued for the past year due to weak demand for flying from corporate customers, including mining companies, as well as government travelers. Virgin said domestic yields, a proxy for average fare prices, had fallen by 5.6 percent in the first half of the financial year, although Borghetti said booking trends had improved in the last few weeks in a positive sign. "I would like to think it would improve in the second half of this calendar year but who knows?" Borghetti said of the outlook. "At some point you have got to believe the market has got to come back." Virgin on Friday separately said it planned to launch flights between Australia and Hong Kong in the middle of this year as part of a proposed alliance with shareholder HNA Aviation and affiliated carriers Hong Kong Airlines and Hong Kong Express. Borghetti declined to disclose the departure city for the flight, which could compete against non-stop flights to Hong Kong flown by Qantas and Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd (0293.HK). He said Virgin also planned to fly to Beijing and Shanghai in the future, but that would depend on the availability of airport slots. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Louise Ireland and Lisa Shumaker) Up Next Bombardier misses on revenue, reaffirms 2017 forecast; shares fall Canadian plane and train maker Bombardier Inc on Thursday reported lower-than-expected revenue and earnings per share, driving down the stock as much as 5 percent in morning trading. New Nestle CEO ditches elusive sales target VEVEY, Switzerland Nestle's new chief executive scrapped the food company's long-standing sales target as it reported disappointing annual results on Thursday, echoing rivals by striking a cautious tone in an uncertain environment. Allianz plans 3 billion-euro share buyback after rise in profits ZURICH Allianz , Europe's largest insurer, proposed spending 3 billion euros ($3.2 billion) on buying back its own shares on Thursday after the Munich-based firm posted higher than expected profits and said it was adjusting its policy on budgeting for possible takeovers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Small businesses could be ‘driven out of London’ by rate rise The average micro business in the City will be paying business rates of £17,000 as of April this year Josie Cox Business Editor Friday 17 February 2017 08:15 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online The survey found that close to three quarters – or 74 per cent -- of businesses consider rates to be the single biggest issue affecting them Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images An increase in business rates is the single biggest issue concerning small businesses in the city of London, easily trumping fears around economic uncertainty and worries relating to recruiting the right talent. According to a survey by the Federation of Small Businesses, the average micro business in the city, defined as a company with fewer than 10 employees, will be paying business rates of £17,000 as of April this year under a Government hike. “London is in serious danger of losing its vital support system of micro and small businesses,” the FSB’s chairwoman for London, Sue Terpilowski, said in a statement. Read more Tax system 'favours multinationals over local shops, businesses say' “We need to realise that the hard costs of operating a business in the Capital are starting to outweigh the benefits which simply does not make economic sense – and so tacking these burdens at the Spring Budget is critical,” Ms Terpilowski added. Business rates – which are sometimes referred to as non-domestic rates – are levies that companies occupying commercial properties pay. That tax goes towards covering the cost of services provided by local authorities and the emergency services. The survey found that close to three quarters – or 74 per cent - of businesses consider rates to be the single biggest issue affecting them, followed by 36 per cent who cited economic uncertainty, and, one third who said that the difficulty around recruiting the right staff was their biggest concern. Read more Amazon's business rate to be cut City of London business rates projected to increase by £1.4bn UK consumer spending slumps to five-month low after Christmas boom “The new business rates will drive firms out of London, force some businesses to cut staff or close down altogether,” said Simon Pitkeathley, the chief executive of Camden Town Unlimited, which represents more than 300 businesses in the area. The survey was conducted between 2 February and 14 February and included responses from 129 businesses. Friday’s report chimes with criticism voiced by other think tanks and organisations, including the Confederation of British Industry. Earlier this week, Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the British Retail Consortium slammed the current business rates system, calling it unsustainable. “At a time when retail is being re-imagined and customers seek more engaging experiences, business rates are a disincentive to innovate and invest in physical space,” she said in a statement. “Further measures to reform business rates are essential to fix an unsustainable system that continues to discourage investment.” Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 2/32 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 3/32 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 4/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 5/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 6/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 7/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 8/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 9/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 10/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 11/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 12/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 13/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 14/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 15/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 16/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 17/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 18/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 19/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 20/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 21/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 22/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 23/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 24/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 25/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 26/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 27/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 28/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 29/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 30/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 31/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 32/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex The Institute of Directors has also urged the Government to “level the playing field” to help smaller businesses, after an analysis by business rates specialists CVS showed that high street retailers in parts of the country are facing rises of up to 150 per cent. “April will serve a ‘hammer blow’ to small shops, and the consideration should now be to ensure that they are in fact paying fair and accurate rates,” said Mark Rigby, the chief executive of CVS. More about: London Federation of Small Businesses Confederation of British Industry Institute Of Directors Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Friday 17 February 2017 , Friday 17 February 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Life Style Technology Travel Dhaka Metro Share Market Opinion Education Health Environment Feature Science Latest News 4 arrested in Khilgaon after a 'gunfight' with DB The fastest car in F1 history to be 'a game changer' in 2107 36 Bangladeshis held on Benapole border Meet Zealandia: Earth's latest continent PM reaches Munich 'Outlaw' killed in Rajbari 'gunfight' A month into presidency, Trump prepares for a campaign rally Samsung heir arrested in corruption scandal Islamic State-claimed bomb kills 70 at Pakistan shrine 15 persons, one organization get 'Independence Award-2017' World News 17 February, 2017 09:45:25 AM / LAST MODIFIED: 17 February, 2017 10:14:42 AM A month into presidency, Trump prepares for a campaign rally Independent Online/AP  President Donald Trump is holding a campaign rally Saturday in politically strategic Florida, 1,354 days before the 2020 election. The unusually early politicking follows a pattern: Trump filed his paperwork for re-election on Jan. 20, Inauguration Day. By comparison, President Barack Obama didn't make his re-election bid official with the Federal Election Commission until April 2011. Huge rallies were the hallmark of Trump's presidential campaign. He continued to do them, although with smaller crowds, throughout the early part of his transition, during what he called a "thank you" tour. The Florida event will be his first such one as president. "I hear the tickets — you can't get them," Trump said Thursday during a meeting with lawmakers. "That's OK, that's better than you have too many." Trump responds well to the supportive crowds, who often chant, cheer and applaud enthusiastically when he speaks. The rallies serve a practical purpose by enabling his campaign to continue building a list of supporters. To attend, people must register online, giving their email address and other personal information that the campaign can use to maintain contact and raise money. Trump's upcoming evening event is set for an airport hangar in Melbourne, Florida, and it comes as he makes another weekend trip to what he calls his "Winter White House," his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach. Trump also said he would play golf this weekend with Ernie Els, a South African professional golfer. It will be his Trump's third consecutive weekend at Mar-a-Lago. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the rally is "being run by the campaign." It follows an official trip Friday to South Carolina, where Trump will visit a Boeing facility in North Charleston. Spicer and others at the White House have not responded to repeated questions about why Trump's embryonic campaign is organizing this rally, or about who will pay for the event and transportation to and from it. Presidents regularly hold large campaign-style events to build support for their policies. Those events are often considered part of their official duties and organized by the White House. Michael Glassner, executive director of Trump's campaign committee, also did not respond to questions. Trump's campaign is running the event because Trump does not want to spend taxpayer dollars on it, a person close to him said. The person requested anonymity to discuss private conversations. Although Trump is getting started far earlier than his predecessors, it's common for presidents to combine political and governing events into the same trip. When that happens, the campaign picks up the tab for part of the trip and taxpayers for the rest. Trump's campaign account had more than $7.6 million in the bank at the end of the year, according to fundraising reports. He's continued raising money postelection by selling popular merchandise, such as the ubiquitous red "Make America Great Again" ball caps. On Thursday, as the president wrapped up a confrontational press conference with the media — during which he repeatedly referred to coverage as "unfair" and "fake news" — one of Trump's campaign accounts emailed a "media survey" to his supporters. The 25 multiple-choice questions included: Do you believe that the mainstream media has reported unfairly on our movement? Do you believe that our Party should spend more time and resources holding the mainstream media accountable? After clicking through the survey, there's a prompt to donate money.     A month into presidency, Trump prepares for a campaign rally Independent Online/AP President Donald Trump is holding a campaign rally Saturday in politically strategic Florida, 1,354 days before the 2020 election. The unusually early politicking follows a pattern: Trump filed his paperwork for re-election on Jan. 20, Inauguration Day. By comparison, President Barack Obama didnt make his re-election bid official with the Federal Election Commission until April 2011. Huge rallies were the hallmark of Trumps presidential campaign. He continued to do them, although with smaller crowds, throughout the early part of his transition, during what he called a thank you tour. The Florida event will be his first such one as president. I hear the tickets you cant get them, Trump said Thursday during a meeting with lawmakers. Thats OK, thats better than you have too many. Trump responds well to the supportive crowds, who often chant, cheer and applaud enthusiastically when he speaks. The rallies serve a practical purpose by enabling his campaign to continue building a list of supporters. To attend, people must register online, giving their email address and other personal information that the campaign can use to maintain contact and raise money. Trumps upcoming evening event is set for an airport hangar in Melbourne, Florida, and it comes as he makes another weekend trip to what he calls his Winter White House, his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach. Trump also said he would play golf this weekend with Ernie Els, a South African professional golfer. It will be his Trumps third consecutive weekend at Mar-a-Lago. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the rally is being run by the campaign. It follows an official trip Friday to South Carolina, where Trump will visit a Boeing facility in North Charleston. Spicer and others at the White House have not responded to repeated questions about why Trumps embryonic campaign is organizing this rally, or about who will pay for the event and transportation to and from it. Presidents regularly hold large campaign-style events to build support for their policies. Those events are often considered part of their official duties and organized by the White House. Michael Glassner, executive director of Trumps campaign committee, also did not respond to questions. Trumps campaign is running the event because Trump does not want to spend taxpayer dollars on it, a person close to him said. The person requested anonymity to discuss private conversations. Although Trump is getting started far earlier than his predecessors, its common for presidents to combine political and governing events into the same trip. When that happens, the campaign picks up the tab for part of the trip and taxpayers for the rest. Trumps campaign account had more than $7.6 million in the bank at the end of the year, according to fundraising reports. Hes continued raising money postelection by selling popular merchandise, such as the ubiquitous red Make America Great Again ball caps. On Thursday, as the president wrapped up a confrontational press conference with the media during which he repeatedly referred to coverage as unfair and fake news one of Trumps campaign accounts emailed a media survey to his supporters. The 25 multiple-choice questions included: Do you believe that the mainstream media has reported unfairly on our movement? Do you believe that our Party should spend more time and resources holding the mainstream media accountable? After clicking through the survey, theres a prompt to donate money. Comments Most popular   On World News OIC to meet on Rohingya crisis Hundreds ‘likely killed’ in crackdown on Rohingyas Trump, Putin to speak amid GOP concerns on sanctions Indian actor Om Puri dies aged 66 Eugene Cernan, last man to walk on moon, dies Handwritten Diana letters sell for £15,100 at auction Obama’s final word: ‘We’re going to be okay’ Trump pledges unity at concert prior to inauguration Latest Most Viewed 4 arrested in Khilgaon after a 'gunfight' with DB The fastest car in F1 history to be 'a game changer' in 2107 Speaker leaves for India Scientists highlight deadly health risks of climate change 36 Bangladeshis held on Benapole border WB in the soup 15 persons,BAF get 'Independence Award-2017' Maj Gen Abedin made director general of DGFI Anisul wants steps from World Bank to regain trust Dhaka to ask Delhi for steps to stop yaba smuggling Video 7 new units to beef up border security near Ramu Cantonment (12-02-2017) Flower business booming over the month of February (12-02-2017) Metro rail project (10-02-2017) Prices of rice increase (10-02-2017) Those who criticise Rampal project should visit site: PM (28-01-2017) More World News Stories Meet Zealandia: Earth's latest continent New Zealand might be Australia's smaller neighbor but it's sitting on a massive new continent scientists have named "Zealandia," according to a publication released by The Geological… Trump promises new immigration order as DOJ holds off appeals court Islamic State-claimed bomb kills 70 at Pakistan shrine Samsung heir arrested in corruption scandal Myanmar ends ‘clearance operations’ in Rakhine Assad vows to retake Raqa and ‘every inch’ of Syria Trump ducks questions as Russia scandal deepens Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Life Style Technology Travel Dhaka Metro Share Market Opinion Education Health Environment Feature Science Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features + Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives + FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Trending Now #ValentinesDay2017 #LFW2017 #UnionBudget2017 #UPElection2017 #Yadav PariWar #DonaldTrump #BMCElections #RahulGandhi Home / Business / Air India to lease and induct 14 fuel efficient Airbus A320neo aircraft Air India to lease and induct 14 fuel efficient Airbus A320neo aircraft — By FPJ Bureau | Feb 17, 2017 08:31 am FOLLOW US: New Delhi: National flag carrier Air India on Thursday said it plans to lease and induct 14 A320neo (new engine option) aircraft in 2017. According to Air India’s Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani, the airline will induct 14 A320neo this year. Lohani spoke at the induction ceremony of the first ever A320neo which joined the national passenger carrier’s fleet on Thursday. Subsequently, the airline has become the third operator of the fuel efficient aircraft in the country after IndiGo and GoAir.  However, it is the only airline in India to operate the A320neo aircraft powered by CFM engine. Air India has been operating A320 aircraft since 1989. The first of the 14 aircraft which are proposed to be inducted into the airline has been leased out from Kuwait headquartered ALAFCO Aviation Lease and Finance Company, reports IANS.”The Airbus A320neo aircraft has a seat configuration of 162 seats including 12 seats in the business class,” the airline said in a statement.”The A320neo will join Air India’s existing fleet of 66 A320 family aircraft thus making Air India’s fleet size to 138 planes.” In all, Air India plans to induct 29 aircraft of A320neo type in its fleet by 2019. Fleet-wise, Air India operates a mix of wide-body Boeing B777s, B747s, B787 Dreamliner and the narrow body Airbus A321s, A320s and A319 aircraft.” Air India has become the latest A320neo operator after taking delivery of the first of 14 aircraft leased from Kuwait headquartered ALAFCO Aviation Lease And Finance Company, becoming the first CFM powered NEO operator in India,” aerospace major Airbus said in a separate statement.”The delivery is also the first NEO for ALAFCO from an order for 85 A320neo Family. Share this Post: « Previous Article Cyrus Mistry camp withdraws its clarificatory plea from NCLAT Next Article » Bhopal: NTPC, Rihand distributes blankets among poor Tagged with: Air india ALAFCO carrier JUST ARRIVED OPS camp sacks Sasikala and Dinakaran from AIADMK primary membership Texas state backs Donald Trump’s travel ban Shilpa admires Tiger Shroff’s fitness and dedication BMC Elections: BJP mocks Shiv Sena through ‘Khau Sena’ Graft case: TV actor Anuj Saxena sent to 3-day police custody EDITOR’S PICK Korean dictator irks both US, China It is an anachronism of sorts that in today’s times there is a dictator like Kim Jong- un of North… New milestone in Indian satellite march The successful launch of a record-breaking 104 nano satellites into orbit by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), all on… A saga without an end in TN Law is made for powerful women to violate which is why Chinnamma (V.N.Sasikala) will never replace Amma (Jayalalithaa) as chief… Mind sustainability with Metro 3 THE government’s assurances that more trees will be planted is excessively cynical, since any amount of new plantation will take… Justice Karnan must be brought to justice The contempt notice served on a Calcutta High Court judge, Justice Karnan, by a seven-member bench of the Supreme Court… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Trump to hold campaign rally of 4-week-old administration in Florida on Feb 18 US President Donald Trump participating in a press conference in the East Room in of the White House in Washington, DC, on Feb 16, 2017.PHOTO: EPA Published7 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4eeC Copy WASHINGTON (NYTIMES) - In an extraordinarily swift return to politicking after a tumultuous first month in office, the White House said President Donald Trump will hold the first campaign rally of his four-week-old administration on Saturday (Feb 18). The rally, to be held in an airplane hangar in Melbourne, Florida, is an indication that Mr Trump, who has sometimes felt isolated in the White House, is eager to get outside of Washington and relive the rapturous reception that greeted him during the presidential campaign. Mr Trump exulted in large crowds assembled at cavernous venues throughout his 2016 bid, and spent the first days of his presidency quibbling over how many Americans attended his inauguration. On Wednesday, during a joint news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Mr Trump answered a question about whether his administration was flirting with xenophobia and racism in part by noting the support he received in the election. "I just want to say that we are very honoured by the victory that we had - 306 Electoral College votes," he said. "There's tremendous enthusiasm out there." Not long after, in a posting on Twitter, Mr Trump invited his nearly 25 million followers to attend the Saturday evening event, which will take place just up the coast from his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach where he plans to spend the weekend. It will be his third weekend in a row on Florida's Gold Coast. "We are going to put America back to work," a message accompanying the posting said. "We are going to put people before government." The White House would not provide any additional information about the rally. Officials referred questions to a member of Mr Trump's political organisation, who also did not immediately respond to a request for comment. "It's being run by the campaign," Mr Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday, without elaborating. He would not say why the president would be holding a campaign rally so soon after taking office. The rally will be only the second public appearance by Mr Trump outside of Washington since he took office. On Friday, he is scheduled to visit a Boeing plant in North Charleston, South Carolina, for the unveiling of the aerospace manufacturer's new Dreamliner aircraft. Mr Trump filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission for his 2020 re-election campaign on Jan 20, the day he was sworn in. That allowed him to continue to accept contributions - including proceeds from the sales of his popular red "Make America Great Again" hats - without running afoul of the law. He ended the 2016 campaign flush with funds, in part because of substantial sales of the hats. At the end of 2016, he had US$7,611,702.92 (S$10,818,600) cash on hand and no debt. Mr Larry M. Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Centre, a non-partisan group, said he was not aware of any president having held a campaign rally this early in his tenure. "Usually, they are too busy trying to get their administration in place," Mr Noble said. "More importantly, normally the president wants to delay candidate status so that he can travel as president making speeches, announcing new policies and actions, promoting his agenda and attacking his opponents in Congress without having to use campaign funds." Mr Barack Obama did not file his statement of candidacy for re-election until April 2011, more than two years after he took office, while Mr George W. Bush waited until May of 2003 and Mr Bill Clinton until April of 1995. Mr Trump may be moving now, Mr Noble said, to ensure he can address a friendly crowd devoid of protesters. "My guess is that he intends to control who is invited to the rally and press access by calling the rally a candidate event and paying for it out of campaign funds," Mr Noble said. "If it was an official White House event, he would have less control over it." Mr Trump is likely to travel to the event on Air Force One and will have a sizable contingent of Secret Service and staff aides with him, as presidents always do when they travel. Campaign finance laws dictate that the cost of such a flight be shared between the campaign organising the rally and the White House. It is not abnormal for a sitting president to hold a political rally in the months before an election, and Mr Trump has said he plans to campaign actively for Republicans who support him and against Democrats who seek to stymie his agenda. But his return to the campaign trail on Saturday is unusually early. Even the mid-term congressional elections for members of Congress are still 21 months away. Topics:  DONALD TRUMP POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4eeC Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb13_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal Data Protection: Priority For Hospital Community Fund st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping QooStaff Unbox QooStuffs! Stay tuned for giveaway! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! Collect Trendy CASIO G-Shock Watches! Get Yours in 3 Hrs! Freshly Caught FISHES From The Port To Your Door! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 100-plus businesses shut down in solidarity with immigrants Mondale joins Kelm-Helgen in resigning from stadium panel Report on Minnesota hospital errors sees problems with lost tissue samples Trump raps 'criminal' leaks, 'dishonest' media, 'bad' judges Cyberscam that hit Bloomington school workers puts Minn. districts on defensive 11-day-old boy's death west of Twin Cities being treated as homicide Wild wins over Dallas, matches last season's win total Fleck is quick with scholarship offers – outside of Minnesota Army vet gets new home in Farmington, thanks to foundation, bank Pet rat owners nervous about rat-to-human virus being investigated in Minnesota, 14 other states Pheasants Forever pollinator initiative pivots on shared need for habitat next 414000883 Business briefing: S&P 500 winning streak comes to an end February 16, 2017 — 6:42pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint STOCKS S&P 500 winning streak comes to an end The Standard & Poor’s 500 index dipped Thursday to break a seven-day winning streak, its longest in three-and-a-half years, though it remains a nudge away from its record high. It was part of a pause for stock markets around the world, which have been on a torrid run thanks to an improving economy, stronger corporate earnings and hopes for more business-friendly policies from Washington. The dollar’s value also dipped against rival currencies, and Treasury yields fell as bond prices rose. The S&P 500 fell 2.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,347.22. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 7.91 points, less than 0.1 percent, to set another record at 20,619.77. The Nasdaq composite dipped 4.54 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,814.90. Four stocks fell for every three that rose on the New York Stock Exchange. DIGITAL Facebook wants to help you find a job Starting this week, Facebook users in the United States and Canada can search and apply for jobs directly from the social-media platform. It’s one more way Facebook is trying to expand its reach, particularly among low-wage, hourly workers who might not have profiles on job-search sites such as LinkedIn or Monster.com. Analysts said the new jobs feature is yet another way the social media site is testing how much privacy its 1.86 billion users are willing to sacrifice for the sake of convenience. Social media is increasingly playing a role in job searches. Roughly 14.4 million Americans said they have used social media to find employment, according to a recent survey by ADP. In addition, the survey found, 73 percent of companies said they had successfully hired employees using social media. LABOR Boeing workers in S.C. plant reject union Production workers at Boeing’s North Charleston, S.C., plant have overwhelmingly rejected an effort to unionize, maintaining Southern reluctance toward unionization and setting up a picture-perfect stop for President Donald Trump, who is scheduled to visit the facilities Friday. According to Boeing, nearly 74 percent of the more than 2,800 votes cast were against representation by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers. NEWS SERVICES View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Mondale joins Kelm-Helgen in resigning from stadium panel 100-plus businesses shut down in solidarity with immigrants Trump raps 'criminal' leaks, 'dishonest' media, 'bad' judges Wisconsin students demand free tuition for black students Gander Mountain statement doesn't clarify report that it's near bankruptcy More From Star Tribune February 16 Celeb news TV host Regis Philbin says he hasn't kept in touch with his former co-host Kelly Ripa since he decided to leave the show they headlined… February 16 Trump delivers a heated defense of his first month At news conference, he said Russia links a "ruse." February 16 Trump's new choice for national security adviser says 'no' Admiral said the decision was "purely … personal." February 16 Digital archives give access to black history A University of Minnesota-led digital archive of black history materials is now free and accessible online to the public.The university's collection, at https://www.umbrasearch.org/, includes handwritten… February 16 UAW ad campaign to push U.S.-made vehicles The union is trying to take advantage of Trump's "America First" campaign. Top Stories 100-plus businesses shut down in solidarity with immigrants Feb. 16 Mondale joins Kelm-Helgen in resigning from stadium panel 12:46am Report on Minnesota hospital errors sees problems with lost tissue samples 1:47am Most Read Money flows into legislative races with control of the Capitol in the balance Coen brothers direct Super Bowl ad for Mercedes-Benz Demographics is behind slump in prep football numbers NHL Insider: Short takes Park maintains faith in MLB dream World Islamic State suicide bombing at Pakistan shrine kills 75 Baghdad car bomb claimed by Islamic State kills 55 Nation Wisconsin students demand free tuition for black students The biggest beneficiaries of the government safety net: working-class whites Politics Paulsen, emboldened by GOP rule but skeptical of Trump, targets tax reform Trump raps 'criminal' leaks, 'dishonest' media, 'bad' judges markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild wins over Dallas, matches last season's win total The verdict: Nyquist out for six games after high-sticking Wild's Spurgeon Wolves Wolves' Wiggins pushes hard to achieve All-Star status After injury, Lance Stephenson's fate with Wolves uncertain Gophers Fleck is quick with scholarship offers – outside of Minnesota Gophers' Sheehy works at preventing goals - and scoring them Celebrities Judge tosses out defamation lawsuit against Bill Cosby Bieber under investigation for Los Angeles restaurant fracas Vikings Listen: What moves should the Vikings make? One attempt at an 'ideal' offseason The Vikings can quickly add up salary cap space ahead of free agency poll Poll: What are the Gophers chances of making the NCAA men's basketba... 10,000 Takes My secret to making friends in the Twin Cities? Lots of Tinder dates Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Featured Gallery Grammys: Prince Tribute 11 photos The Prince Tribute at the 59th Grammy Awards. Featured Video Unsure when next ones will come, Minnesota welcomes refugees 02:10 Refugee workers turned out in force to greet a family from Afghanistan at Minneapolis-St. ... Taste 13 Minn. chefs, 2 eateries among James Beard Awards semifinalists Gather round – we're making empanadas StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Donald Trump plans campaign rally just weeks after inauguration The rally could indicate Trump is eager to relive the rapturous reception he met with during the presidential campaign. U.S. President Donald Trump is scheduled to make an appearance at a Boeing plant in South Carolina for the unveiling of the manufacturer's Dreamliner aircraft.  (Brad Nettles / The Associated Press)   By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVISThe New York Times Thu., Feb. 16, 2017 WASHINGTON—In an extraordinarily swift return to politicking after a tumultuous first month in office, the White House on Wednesday said U.S. President Donald Trump will hold the first campaign rally of his four-week-old administration on Saturday. The rally, to be held in an airplane hangar in Melbourne, Fla., is an indication that Trump, who has sometimes felt isolated in the White House, is eager to get outside of Washington and relive the rapturous reception that greeted him during the presidential campaign. Trump exulted in large crowds assembled at cavernous venues throughout his 2016 bid and spent the first days of his presidency quibbling over how many Americans attended his inauguration. On Wednesday, during a joint news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Trump answered a question about whether his administration was flirting with xenophobia and racism in part by noting the support he received in the election. “I just want to say that we are very honoured by the victory that we had — 306 Electoral College votes,” Trump said. “There’s tremendous enthusiasm out there.” Not long after, in a posting on Twitter, Trump invited his nearly 25 million followers to attend the Saturday evening event, which will take place just up the coast from his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach, where he plans to spend the weekend. It will be his third weekend in a row on Florida’s Gold Coast. Article Continued Below “We are going to put America back to work,” a message accompanying the posting said. “We are going to put people before government.” The White House would not provide any additional information about the rally. Officials referred questions to a member of Trump’s political organization, who also did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “It’s being run by the campaign,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said on Wednesday, without elaborating. He would not say why the president would be holding a campaign rally so soon after taking office. The rally will be Trump’s second public appearance outside of Washington since he took office. On Friday, he is scheduled to visit a Boeing plant in North Charleston, S.C., for the unveiling of the aerospace manufacturer’s new Dreamliner aircraft. Trump filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission for his 2020 re-election campaign on Jan. 20, the day he was sworn in. That allowed him to continue to accept contributions — including proceeds from the sales of his popular red “Make America Great Again” hats — without running afoul of the law. Trump ended the 2016 campaign flush with funds, in part because of substantial sales of the hats. At the end of 2016, he had $7,611,702.92 cash on hand and no debt. Larry M. Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a non-partisan group, said he was not aware of any president having held a campaign rally this early in his tenure. “Usually, they are too busy trying to get their administration in place,” Noble said. “More importantly, normally the president wants to delay candidate status so that he can travel as president making speeches, announcing new policies and actions, promoting his agenda and attacking his opponents in Congress without having to use campaign funds.” Barack Obama did not file his statement of candidacy for re-election until April 2011, more than two years after he took office, while George W. Bush waited until May of 2003 and Bill Clinton until April of 1995. Trump may be moving now, Noble said, to ensure he can address a friendly crowd devoid of protesters. “My guess is that he intends to control who is invited to the rally and press access by calling the rally a candidate event and paying for it out of campaign funds,” Noble said. “If it was an official White House event, he would have less control over it.” Trump is likely to travel to the event on Air Force One and will have a sizable contingent of Secret Service and staff aides with him, as presidents always do when they travel. Campaign finance laws dictate that the cost of such a flight be shared between the campaign organizing the rally and the White House. It is not abnormal for a sitting president to hold a political rally in the months before an election and Trump has said he plans to campaign actively for Republicans who support him and against Democrats who seek to stymie his agenda. But Trump’s return to the campaign trail on Saturday is unusually early. Even the midterm congressional elections for members of Congress are still 21 months away. Read more about: Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com -6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Sourced: P.G Clucks’ deep fried take on Nashville Hot Chicken This College St. fried chicken shop knows there's nothing quite like the happy sting of spicy food. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Mosque Attack Canada 150 Panama Papers Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US TOPICS > Politics News Wrap: Mulvaney confirmed to run Budget Office February 16, 2017 at 6:40 PM EST 207185207170207170News Wrap: Mulvaney confirmed to run Budget OfficeIn our news wrap Thursday, the Senate narrowly confirmed Rep. Mick Mulvaney, a tea party conservative from South Carolina, to run the White House Budget Office. Republican Sen. John McCain joined Democrats in voting against Mulvaney. Also, David Friedman, the president's choice for ambassador to Israel, apologized at his confirmation hearing for some of his past fiery rhetoric.2017-02-16 20:34:00disabled2365959187DSo0xm44v6Q207169207183http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/trumps-confrontational-style-help-president/Does Trump’s confrontational style help him as president?President Trump continuously attacked the news media in a news conference on issues like the resignation of Michael Flynn and questions swirling around his campaigns possible connections with Russia. Judy Woodruff gets reaction to the president’s performance from Ruth Marcus of The Washington Post and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach.2017-02-16 20:28:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/RTSZ0Q4-320x196.jpg2365959162g8LnvJ204X8207149207182http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/scorning-media-trump-denies-reports-chaos-wide-ranging-news-conference/Trump denies reported chaos in wide-ranging news conferenceDuring a more than hour-long news conference, President Trump rejected charges of ties between his campaign and Russia, blasted the intelligence community for leaks and repeatedly attacked the news media. Judy Woodruff, Hari Sreenivasan and Lisa Desjardins offer a look at and fact-check of the president’s remarks.2017-02-16 20:22:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/RTSZ1BW-320x196.jpg2365959153-FEBakeEur4207049207041http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/sen-klobuchar-wants-know-trump-administration-eager-russia-connection/Klobuchar asks why Trump officials want Russia connectionDemocrats on Capitol Hill are calling for an independent investigation to address unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's resignation and new reports of regular contact between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. Judy Woodruff speaks with Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., about what and how she would like to probe in the wake of Flynn’s departure.2017-02-15 18:00:00http://newshour-tc.pbs.org/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/RTSYLXR-320x196.jpg2365957405_1Rqfkx44DY In our news wrap Thursday, the Senate narrowly confirmed Rep. Mick Mulvaney, a tea party conservative from South Carolina, to run the White House Budget Office. Republican Sen. John McCain joined Democrats in voting against Mulvaney. Also, David Friedman, the president's choice for ambassador to Israel, apologized at his confirmation hearing for some of his past fiery rhetoric. COMMENTS EMAIL SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MORE VIDEO Does Trump’s confrontational style help him as president? Trump denies reported chaos in wide-ranging news conference Klobuchar asks why Trump officials want Russia connection EMAIL LISTEN https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/news-wrap.mp3SEE PODCASTS HARI SREENIVASAN: In the day’s other news: The Senate narrowly confirmed Congressman Mick Mulvaney to run the White House Budget Office. The Tea Party conservative from South Carolina was approved 51-49. Senator John McCain joined all 48 Democrats in voting no because of Mulvaney’s support for defense spending cuts. The new budget chief also favors trimming entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security. JUDY WOODRUFF: The president’s nominee for ambassador to Israel says he’s sorry for some of his fiery rhetoric. David Friedman apologized today for inflammatory criticism of President Obama and Hillary Clinton and for calling a liberal Jewish group — quote — “worse than kapos.” That was a reference to Jews who helped the Nazis. But several Democratic senators challenged Friedman over his language, as they grilled him at his confirmation hearing. SEN. BEN CARDIN, D-Md.: The diplomat has to choose every word that he or she uses. So, why should I believe that these were just emotional expressions and that you now understand the difference between that role and that as a diplomat? DAVID FRIEDMAN, U.S. Ambassador to Israel Nominee: If you want me to rationalize it or justify it, I cannot. These were hurtful words. And I deeply regret them. They’re not reflective of my nature or my character. JUDY WOODRUFF: Friedman has strongly backed Israeli settlements and opposed Palestinian statehood. But, today, he said he’d be delighted if a two-state solution can be achieved. Meanwhile, the head of the Arab League today warned against moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem. He said it would be explosive for the situation in the Middle East. HARI SREENIVASAN: Islamic State bombers carried out two deadly strikes today, killing 130 people. In Southern Pakistan, a suicide bomber blew himself up at a famous Sufi Muslim shrine. At least 75 people died there, and hundreds more were wounded. Hours earlier, in Iraq, a car bomb ripped through a Shiite neighborhood in Baghdad. The death toll there was at least 55. JUDY WOODRUFF: In Russia, a Kremlin spokesman warned today that political turmoil in Washington has put a damper on improving relations with U.S. And President Vladimir Putin called for restoring contacts between U.S. and Russian intelligence agencies. But at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Defense Secretary James Mattis said the U.S. is not ready for any military collaboration. JAMES MATTIS, U.S. Secretary of Defense: Our political leaders will engage and try to find common ground or a way forward where Russia, living up to its commitments, will return to a partnership of sorts here with NATO. But Russia is going to have to prove itself first and live up to the commitments they have made in the Russia-NATO agreement. JUDY WOODRUFF: At the same time, Mattis said there is very little doubt that the Russians have interfered with elections in a number of countries. HARI SREENIVASAN: Authorities in Malaysia have arrested two more suspects in the assassination of Kim Jong-nam, the North Korean leader’s half-brother. He was attacked Monday at a Malaysian airport. Local news accounts say North Korean agents poisoned him, but results of an autopsy have not been released. North Korea’s Kim Jong-un is widely suspected of ordering the murder. JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in this country, production workers at Boeing’s plant in South Carolina have rejected an effort to unionize, for the second time. The aircraft maker had campaigned for weeks against efforts to organize its plant in North Charleston. President Trump plans to visit the facility tomorrow. HARI SREENIVASAN: Stocks were mixed on Wall Street today. The Dow Jones industrial average gained nearly eight points to close at 20619. The Nasdaq fell four points, and the S&P 500 slipped two. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Israel john mccain mick mulvaney senate Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Former Trump adviser says he had no Russian meetings in the last year SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL Loading... READ MORE Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Scorning media, Trump denies reports of chaos during wide-ranging news conference 2 'Deaths of despair' are cutting life short for some white Americans 3 Does Trump’s confrontational style help him as president? 4 House GOP documents outline plan to replace Obamacare 5 What happened at DC’s restaurants when immigrant workers stayed home 1 National Security Council in turmoil amid Flynn departure 2 Former Trump adviser says he had no Russian meetings in the last year 3 How scientists are scrambling to safeguard vital environmental data 4 Sen. Klobuchar wants to know why Trump administration is ‘eager’ for Russia connection 5 How the concealed carry debate plays out on college campuses TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
