Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Anti-Drone Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Anti-Drone Market Market Analysis Research Report on “Global Anti-Drone Market 2017 Industry Growth, Size, Trends, Share and Forecast to 2022” to their research database. PUNE, INDIA , April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Anti-Drone Market In this report, The Global Anti-Drone Market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Anti-Drone market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including The Boeing Company Airbus Group SE SAAB AB Thales Group Lockheed Martin Corporation Israel Aerospace Industries Selex Es S. P. A. Blighter Surveillance Systems Droneshield Raytheon Company Request Sample Copy@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1183904-global-anti-drone-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Anti-Drone in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Detection System Detection and Disruption On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Anti-Drone for each application, including Military and Defense Commercial Homeland Security To enquire about this report visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1183904-global-anti-drone-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents-Key Points Covered Global Anti-Drone Market Research Report 2017 1 Anti-Drone Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Anti-Drone 1.2 Anti-Drone Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Anti-Drone Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Anti-Drone Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Detection System 1.2.4 Detection and Disruption 1.3 Global Anti-Drone Segment by Application 1.3.1 Anti-Drone Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military and Defense 1.3.3 Commercial 1.3.4 Homeland Security 1.4 Global Anti-Drone Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Anti-Drone Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Anti-Drone (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Anti-Drone Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Anti-Drone Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ……… 7 Global Anti-Drone Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 The Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 The Boeing Company Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Airbus Group SE 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Airbus Group SE Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 SAAB AB 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 SAAB AB Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Thales Group 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Thales Group Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Israel Aerospace Industries 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Israel Aerospace Industries Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Selex Es S. P. A. 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Selex Es S. P. A. Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Blighter Surveillance Systems 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Blighter Surveillance Systems Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Droneshield 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Droneshield Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Raytheon Company 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Raytheon Company Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued….. Buy Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1183904 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global NPK Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Tissue Engineering Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Global Dental Operating Light Market 2021: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share United States Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2021 United States Automotive Crash Sensor Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 United States Automatic Emergency Braking System Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Adaptive Cruise Control Systems Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing Completes Successful First Flight of 737 MAX 9 By Published: Apr 13, 2017 6:02 p.m. ET Share MAX program continues to execute on track, on timeAirplane scheduled to deliver to customers in 2018 SEATTLE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Boeing [NYSE: BA] 737 MAX 9 completed its first flight today in the skies above Puget Sound. The 737 MAX program achieved the milestone on schedule, beginning a comprehensive flight-test program leading to certification and delivery. "The MAX 9's first flight is another milestone that continues the program's strong track record of progress," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. "The MAX family of airplanes offers more value than any competitor and its strong market acceptance is reflected in over 3,700 airplanes on order from 86 customers around the world." The airplane completed a successful 2 hour, 42-minute flight, taking off from Renton Field in Renton, Wash., at 10:52 a.m. local time and landing at 1:34 p.m. at Seattle's Boeing Field. Piloted by Boeing Test & Evaluation Capts. Christine Walsh and Ed Wilson, the airplane performed tests on flight controls, systems and handling qualities. The MAX 9 will now undergo comprehensive flight testing before customer deliveries begin in 2018. The 737 MAX 9 is the second member of Boeing's industry leading 737 MAX family, with a maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles. "The 737 MAX team continues to fire on all cylinders," said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager, 737 MAX program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Each new milestone we meet builds knowledge and experience that gets leveraged to keep the program moving forward on track." The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders to date from 86 customers worldwide. Photos can be downloaded at: http://boeing.mediaroom.com/ Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-completes-successful-first-flight-of-737-max-9-300439721.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories Editorial Cartoons April 9-15 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing’s largest 737 Max takes maiden flight Plane has uncertain future amid Airbus’ market domination A Boeing 737 Max 9 is greeted Thursday following its first test flight, at Boeing Field in Seattle. (Grant Hindsley/seattlepi.com) By Julie Johnsson, Bloomberg Published: April 13, 2017, 6:06 PM A   A Boeing’s newest and largest 737 Max gunned down the runway and soared over the shore of Lake Washington, south of Seattle, on its maiden flight Thursday. The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family achieved the critical milestone at 10:52 a.m., days after the Chicago-based planemaker celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight. The single-aisle Max 9 faces an uncertain future, however, in a market dominated by Airbus’s longer A321neo. The U.S. planemaker is trying to pull off a balancing act with the 737, a workhorse favored by budget carriers that is Boeing’s largest source of profit. The manufacturer is mulling the introduction of as many as five Max models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton factory over each of the next three years. Any stumbles in developing the new jets, a process fraught with delays, could damage Boeing’s bottom line if snarls slow manufacturing at a plant preparing to increase output to 47 planes a month in May, five more than the present rate. The Max 8, the first of the upgraded 737 models, has completed flight-testing and is slated to begin deliveries this quarter, months ahead of schedule. The Max 9 also took to the skies ahead of schedule, with Captain Christine Walsh in command. It is designed to seat 204 travelers in a single-class cabin, about 16 more people than the Max 8, while flying the same distance: as many as 3,515 nautical miles. Busy year The debut is the latest in a year crammed with new planes produced by manufacturers from Brazil to Ukraine. Boeing’s largest 787 Dreamliner, the -10, took its first flight March 31 — the same day that Airbus’s A319neo and Antonov’s An-132D turboprop aircraft made their maiden flights. Sputtering airplane sales raise concerns that the aerospace industry is headed into a downturn after more than a decade of growth, making it tougher for manufacturers to recapture the billions of dollars spent developing aircraft. “This is why we have a duopoly,” said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, referring to Boeing and Airbus. “Newcomers have a harder time with an ultimately cyclical market, combined with heavy spending on new-product development.” Boeing shouldn’t have any problem recovering its costs for the 737 Max family, the latest versions of the venerable single-aisle jet that revolutionized low-cost travel and aircraft manufacturing. The company has already landed 3,703 orders, the most in its history for a new program. Europe’s Airbus has garnered 5,056 orders for its A320neo lineup. The bulk of Boeing’s orders are thought to be for the -8, which seats more travelers than the A320neo, although the U.S. planemaker doesn’t break out sales by Max model. That gives Airbus a commanding lead at the top end of the market with the 1,385 orders notched by the A321neo, the longest narrow-body in production. With the Max 9 struggling to gain sales, Boeing has begun marketing the Max 10X, a longer model. It would seat about 230 travelers and cruise on transcontinental routes flown by Boeing’s 757, which has been out of production for more than a decade. Customers’ concerns But potential customers, like Air Lease Corp., fret that the new model will get to market too late, with a planned 2020 debut. That will be a year after Airbus will introduce an A321neo model configured to seat as many as 240 people. Boeing would probably have to discount heavily to cut into Airbus’s lead, Aboulafia said. “They can’t seem to get the pricing power they had with the NG series,” the analyst said, referring to the previous generation of the 737s that commanded premiums to Airbus jets. “Maybe that will change. But if it does, it will happen on the Max 8.” But Boeing, for now, may be content to have product offerings that it can hone for 737 operators — without ceding the top end of the narrow-body market to Airbus, said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. “The investments haven’t been excessive relative to the broader program,” he said. The Max 9 and 10X will help “keep Airbus pricing in check,” he said. “Part of the benefit is just having something in place and letting the technology mature.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Boeing May Miss $50 Billion Sales Goal The company has sizable organic growth opportunities but those alone would come up short. April 13, 2017 1:59 p.m. ET Boeing (BA: NYSE) By Wells Fargo Securities ($176.05, April 13, 2017) Boeing Global Services -- a new unit that will combine the company’s existing commercial and military service businesses -- is to be formed in July, with aspirations of nearly tripling sales to $50 billion a year over time. Investors should understand this potential opportunity that could change the current debates about the aerospace cycle, Boeing’s... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Tesla: Its Future in Four Tweets Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Activision Has Big Plans for Call of Duty Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Apple’s Cash Conundrum: Is Buying Disney the Answer? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Steven A. Cohen May Have Met His Match Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Google, Amazon, and Other "Unstoppable" Big Tech Names 2 Spotify Builds an App for the Apple Watch 3 Our Review of Apple's New Video Editor Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Boeing’s largest 737 Max takes flight amid headwinds from Airbus Thu., April 13, 2017, 5:51 p.m. A Boeing 737 Max 9 is greeted following its first test flight Thursday at Boeing Field in Seattle. (Grant Hindsley / Associated Press) By Julie Johnsson Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Boeing’s newest and largest 737 Max gunned down the runway and soared over the shore of Lake Washington, south of Seattle, on its maiden flight Thursday. The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family achieved the critical milestone at 10:52 a.m. local time, days after the Chicago-based planemaker celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight. The single-aisle Max 9 faces an uncertain future, however, in a market dominated by Airbus’s longer A321neo. The U.S. planemaker is trying to pull off a balancing act with the 737, a workhorse favored by budget carriers that is Boeing’s largest source of profit. The manufacturer is mulling the introduction of as many as five Max models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton, Washington, factory over each of the next three years. Any stumbles in developing the new jets, a process fraught with delays, could damage Boeing’s bottom line if snarls slow manufacturing at a plant preparing to increase output to 47 planes a month in May, five more than the present rate. The Max 8, the first of the upgraded 737 models, has completed flight-testing and is slated to begin deliveries this quarter, months ahead of schedule. The Max 9 also took to the skies ahead of schedule, with Captain Christine Walsh in command. It is designed to seat 204 travelers in a single-class cabin, about 16 more people than the Max 8, while flying the same distance: as many as 3,515 nautical miles. The debut is the latest in a year crammed with new planes produced by manufacturers from Brazil to Ukraine. Boeing’s largest 787 Dreamliner, the -10, took its first flight March 31 — the same day that Airbus’s A319neo and Antonov’s An-132D turboprop aircraft made their maiden flights. Sputtering airplane sales raise concerns that the aerospace industry is headed into a downturn after more than a decade of growth, making it tougher for manufacturers to recapture the billions of dollars spent developing aircraft. “This is why we have a duopoly,” said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, referring to Boeing and Airbus. “Newcomers have a harder time with an ultimately cyclical market, combined with heavy spending on new-product development.” Boeing shouldn’t have any problem recovering its costs for the 737 Max family, the latest versions of the venerable single-aisle jet that revolutionized low-cost travel and aircraft manufacturing. The company has already landed 3,703 orders, the most in its history for a new program. Europe’s Airbus has garnered 5,056 orders for its A320neo lineup. The bulk of Boeing’s orders are thought to be for the -8, which seats more travelers than the A320neo, although the U.S. planemaker doesn’t break out sales by Max model. That gives Airbus a commanding lead at the top end of the market with the 1,385 orders notched by the A321neo, the longest narrow-body in production. With the Max 9 struggling to gain sales, Boeing has begun marketing the Max 10X, a longer model. It would seat about 230 travelers and cruise on transcontinental routes flown by Boeing’s 757, which has been out of production for more than a decade. But potential customers, like Air Lease Corp., fret that the new model will get to market too late, with a planned 2020 debut. That will be a year after Airbus will introduce an A321neo model configured to seat as many as 240 people. Boeing would probably have to discount heavily to cut into Airbus’s lead, Aboulafia said. “They can’t seem to get the pricing power they had with the NG series,” the analyst said, referring to the previous generation of the 737s that commanded premiums to Airbus jets. “Maybe that will change. But if it does, it will happen on the Max 8.” But Boeing, for now, may be content to have product offerings that it can hone for 737 operators — without ceding the top end of the narrow-body market to Airbus, said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. “The investments haven’t been excessive relative to the broader program,” he said. The Max 9 and 10X will help “keep Airbus pricing in check,” he said. “Part of the benefit is just having something in place and letting the technology mature.” Published: April 13, 2017, 5:51 p.m.  Tags: 737 MAX, Airbus, Boeing, jets, Max 9 Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Spirit AeroSystems and Boeing Celebrate 737 MAX 9 First Flight WICHITA, Kan., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Spirit AeroSystems Inc. [NYSE: SPR] and Boeing celebrated the first flight of the 737 MAX 9 Thursday when it took to the skies from Renton Field near Boeing’s 737 Final Assembly plant in Renton, Wash. Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. „We’re proud to celebrate this first flight milestone with Boeing,” said Spirit President and CEO Tom Gentile. „The Spirit factory has delivered more than 9,000 737s since they entered service, and we look forward to continuing the legacy and delivering on our commitments through this newest variant.” Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. The 737 MAX 9 further strengthens the MAX family position in the single-aisle market and enables airlines to reach farther on almost every single-aisle route they operate today. Spirit is responsible for delivering about 70 percent of the 737 structure to Boeing and has been investing in upgrades to its historic Plant 2 and its Wichita facilities to support growing demand since 2014. Last year, Spirit opened a new 737 thrust reverser assembly area and delivered its first 737 thrust reverser with a composite inner wall. „It’s always exciting to see your hard work take to the skies for the very first time,” said Duane Hawkins, senior vice president and general manager of Boeing programs at Spirit. „Congratulations to our Boeing customer for this significant milestone, the first flight of the 737 MAX 9.” Spirit has more than doubled its 737 deliveries since it became a company in 2005. Spirit’s history with the program dates back to the 1960s, when the 737 Classic launched and the site was a Boeing facility. The company transitioned to work on the 737 Next Generation program beginning in 1996, and the evolution continues today. The 737 MAX 8 program is in production and on schedule to enter service later this year. On the web: www.spiritaero.com On Twitter: @SpiritAero About Spirit AeroSystems Inc. Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds aerostructures for both commercial and defense customers. With headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, Spirit operates sites in the U.S., U.K., France and Malaysia. The company’s core products include fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components for the world’s premier aircraft. Spirit AeroSystems focuses on affordable, innovative composite and aluminum manufacturing solutions to support customers around the globe. More information is available at www.spiritaero.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/spirit-aerosystems-and-boeing-celebrate-737-max-9-first-flight-300439719.html SOURCE Spirit AeroSystems Related Links http://www.spiritaero.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Bulletproof Vest Market 2020: Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, & Vendors Analysis Next PostNext Global X-Ray Protective Glasses Market Analysis by Applications, Competitors and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Boeing Completes Successful First Flight of 737 MAX 9 SEATTLE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Boeing [NYSE: BA] 737 MAX 9 completed its first flight today in the skies above Puget Sound. The 737 MAX program achieved the milestone on schedule, beginning a comprehensive flight-test program leading to certification and delivery. „The MAX 9’s first flight is another milestone that continues the program’s strong track record of progress,” said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. „The MAX family of airplanes offers more value than any competitor and its strong market acceptance is reflected in over 3,700 airplanes on order from 86 customers around the world.” The airplane completed a successful 2 hour, 42-minute flight, taking off from Renton Field in Renton, Wash., at 10:52 a.m. local time and landing at 1:34 p.m. at Seattle’s Boeing Field. Piloted by Boeing Test & Evaluation Capts. Christine Walsh and Ed Wilson, the airplane performed tests on flight controls, systems and handling qualities. The MAX 9 will now undergo comprehensive flight testing before customer deliveries begin in 2018. The 737 MAX 9 is the second member of Boeing’s industry leading 737 MAX family, with a maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles. „The 737 MAX team continues to fire on all cylinders,” said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager, 737 MAX program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. „Each new milestone we meet builds knowledge and experience that gets leveraged to keep the program moving forward on track.” The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders to date from 86 customers worldwide. Photos can be downloaded at: http://boeing.mediaroom.com/ Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-completes-successful-first-flight-of-737-max-9-300439721.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Primero to Resume Operations at San Dimas Next PostNext International Oil and Gas Storage Service Market 2016-2020: Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, & Vendors Analysis Search Recent Posts 3D Mobile Devices World Industry 2017 Product Type, Application And Specification And Forecast To 2021. Clinical Trial Management System (CTMS) Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Indian National Pleads Guilty for Role in Multi-Million Dollar India-Based Call Center Scam Targeting U.S. Victims For Afghan Refugees, There’s No Going Back Automotive Retractable Roof Top (ARRT) Market Value Estimated To Grow With A Healthy CAGR Rate During 2016-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Spirit AeroSystems and Boeing Celebrate 737 MAX 9 First Flight News provided by Spirit AeroSystems Apr 13, 2017, 17:55 ET Share this article WICHITA, Kan., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Spirit AeroSystems Inc. [NYSE: SPR] and Boeing celebrated the first flight of the 737 MAX 9 Thursday when it took to the skies from Renton Field near Boeing's 737 Final Assembly plant in Renton, Wash. Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. "We're proud to celebrate this first flight milestone with Boeing," said Spirit President and CEO Tom Gentile. "The Spirit factory has delivered more than 9,000 737s since they entered service, and we look forward to continuing the legacy and delivering on our commitments through this newest variant." Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. The 737 MAX 9 further strengthens the MAX family position in the single-aisle market and enables airlines to reach farther on almost every single-aisle route they operate today. Spirit is responsible for delivering about 70 percent of the 737 structure to Boeing and has been investing in upgrades to its historic Plant 2 and its Wichita facilities to support growing demand since 2014. Last year, Spirit opened a new 737 thrust reverser assembly area and delivered its first 737 thrust reverser with a composite inner wall. "It's always exciting to see your hard work take to the skies for the very first time," said Duane Hawkins, senior vice president and general manager of Boeing programs at Spirit. "Congratulations to our Boeing customer for this significant milestone, the first flight of the 737 MAX 9." Spirit has more than doubled its 737 deliveries since it became a company in 2005. Spirit's history with the program dates back to the 1960s, when the 737 Classic launched and the site was a Boeing facility. The company transitioned to work on the 737 Next Generation program beginning in 1996, and the evolution continues today. The 737 MAX 8 program is in production and on schedule to enter service later this year. On the web: www.spiritaero.com On Twitter: @SpiritAero About Spirit AeroSystems Inc. Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds aerostructures for both commercial and defense customers. With headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, Spirit operates sites in the U.S., U.K., France and Malaysia. The company's core products include fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components for the world's premier aircraft. Spirit AeroSystems focuses on affordable, innovative composite and aluminum manufacturing solutions to support customers around the globe. More information is available at www.spiritaero.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/spirit-aerosystems-and-boeing-celebrate-737-max-9-first-flight-300439719.html SOURCE Spirit AeroSystems Related Links http://www.spiritaero.com Oct 11, 2016, 09:39 ET Preview: Spirit AeroSystems and its Employees Contribute $30,000 to North Carolina Flood Relief My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Spirit AeroSystems and Boeing Celebrate 737 MAX 9 First Flight News provided by Spirit AeroSystems Apr 13, 2017, 17:55 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Department of Defense Search Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports QUICK LINKS Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Legal & Administrative Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map Skip to main content (Press Enter). Today in DoD Resources Contracts FAQs Contact DoD Toggle navigation Department of Defense Department of Defense Home About Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Military Departments Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands Military Service Seals A-Z List Leaders Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Travels Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos Videos Travels Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Biography Portrait Transcripts Photos News News Archive Face of Defense Press Advisories News Releases Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts DoD Live Blog RSS Other News Sources Photos Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos DVIDS DoD Flickr Imagery Archive Videos Live Events Defense TV DVIDS Special Reports U.S. Department of Defense Search HomeNewsContractsContract View Contracts Press Operations Release No: CR-071-17 April 13, 2017 PRINT  |  E-MAIL CONTRACTS NAVY Rolls-Royce Corp., Indianapolis, Indiana, is being awarded a $372,529,648 firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for depot level engine repair for the AE21000D3 engine on the KC-130J aircraft in support of the Marine Corps and the government of Korea.  Work will be performed in Oakland, California (40 percent); Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada (30 percent); Alverca, Portugal (20 percent); Farnborough, Hampshire, United Kingdom (5 percent); and Indianapolis, Indiana (5 percent).  Work is expected to be completed in April 2022.  No funds will be obligated at time of award.  Funds will be obligated on each delivery order as they are issued.  This contract was competitively procured via electronic request for proposals; three offers were received.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity (N00019-17-D-0090). Prism Maritime LLC,* Chesapeake, Virginia, is being awarded a $49,551,799 cost-plus-fixed-fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for the procurement of shipboard installation and associated services, including installation of electro-optic systems for Navy and Coast Guard ships.  Ships include the Military Sealift Command T-AO, T-AOE, and T-AKE class ships, Navy aircraft carriers, and Coast Guard cutters.  Electro-optic systems to be installed include the Situational Awareness System and Maritime Forward Looking Infrared II.  Work will be performed in Norfolk, Virginia (20 percent); Panama City, Florida (20 percent); San Diego, California (20 percent); Charleston, South Carolina (20 percent); Crane, Indiana (10 percent), and outside the continental U.S. (10 percent).  The work is expected to be complete by April 2022.  Fiscal 2017 Coast Guard funding in the amount of $20,000 will be obligated at time of award.  Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  This contract was competitively procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with four offers received.  The Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane, Indiana, is the contracting activity (N0016417DJQ22).  BAE Systems Land & Armaments LP, Minneapolis, Minnesota, is being awarded a $40,033,344 firm-fixed-price modification to a previously-awarded contract (N00024-13-C-5314) to exercise options for Mk 41 Vertical Launching System (VLS) canister production requirements.  The VLS is installed on board Navy surface combatants (CG 47 and DDG 51 class ships) and multiple allied Navy platforms. Mk 41 VLS is capable of launching the standard missile, Tomahawk, Vertical Launch Anti-Submarine Rocket, and Evolved Sea Sparrow missiles. BAE Systems Land & Armaments LP, will provide canisters, reconfigurable coding plug assemblies and explosive bolts and impulse cartridge assemblies in support of Mk 41 VLS canister production requirements.  Work will be performed in Aberdeen, South Dakota (90 percent); and Minneapolis, Minnesota (10 percent), and is expected to be completed by June 2019.  Fiscal 2017 weapons procurement (Navy); fiscal 2017 other procurement (international); and fiscal 2017 defense wide procurement funding in the amount of $40,033,344 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity. Bell Boeing Joint Program Office, California, Maryland, is being awarded $38,801,700 for modification of delivery order 0006 under a previously awarded contract (N00019-09-D-0008) for repair of various parts on the V-22 aircraft. Work will be performed in Fort Worth, Texas (80 percent); and Ridley Park, Pennsylvania (20 percent).  Work is expected to be completed by December 2017. Fiscal 2017 working capital funds (Navy) in the amount of $38,801,700 will be obligated to fund the delivery order and funds will not expire.  One company was solicited for this non-competitive requirement in accordance with 10 U.S. Code 2304(c)(1) and one offer was received.  This contract does not involve a foreign military sale.  Naval Supply Systems Command Weapons Systems Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is the contracting activity. Electric Boat Corp., Groton, Connecticut, is being awarded a $35,567,659 cost-plus-fixed-fee modification to a previously awarded contract (N00024-12-C-2115) to exercise options to procure on board mechanical and electronic repair parts for Virginia-class submarines PCU Montana (SSN 794) and PCU Hyman G. Rickover (SSN 795).  Work will be performed in Groton, Connecticut, and is expected to be completed by May 2020 for PCU Montana and September 2020 for PCU Hyman G. Rickover.  Fiscal 2015 shipbuilding and conversion (Navy) funding in the amount of $8,667,000 will be obligated at time of award and will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Sea Systems Command, Washington, District of Columbia, is the contracting activity. Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., El Segundo, California, is being awarded $24,797,517 for modification P00007 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-17-C-0017) to conduct additional risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in Rancho Bernardo, California (50 percent); Space Park, California (30 percent); and Palmdale, California (20 percent), and is expected to be completed in September 2018.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $24,797,517 are being obligated at time of award; all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. General Dynamics-National Steel and Shipbuilding Co., San Diego, California, is being awarded a $22,714,780 modification to a previously awarded cost-plus-award-fee, incentive-fee contract (N00024-15-C-4313) for USS Fort Worth (LCS-3) fiscal 2017 dry-docking selected restricted availability.  A dry-docking selected restricted availability includes the planning and execution of depot-level maintenance, alterations, and modifications that will update and improve the ship's military and technical capabilities.  Work will be performed in San Diego, California, and is expected to be completed by November 2017.  Fiscal 2017 other procurement (Navy); and fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance (Navy) funding in the amount of $1,733,762 will be obligated at time of award, and funds in the amount of $20,981,018 will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Southwest Regional Maintenance Center, San Diego, California, is the contracting activity. The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded $19,145,579 for modification P00005 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-16-C-0084) to conduct additional risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in St. Louis, Missouri (99 percent); and Puget Sound, Washington (1 percent), and is expected to be completed in September 2018.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $19,145,579 are being obligated at time of award, all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Lockheed Martin Corp., Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co., Palmdale, California, is being awarded $18,893,482 for modification P00006 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-16-C-0086) to conduct additional risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in Palmdale, California (98 percent); and Fort Worth, Texas (2 percent), and is expected to be completed in September 2018.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $18,893,482 are being obligated at time of award, all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc., Poway, California, is being awarded $18,735,000 for modification P00005 to a previously awarded cost-plus-fixed-fee contract (N00019-16-C-0085) to conduct additional risk reduction activities in support of the MQ-25 Unmanned Carrier Aviation Air System, including refinement of concepts and development of trade space for requirements generation in advance of the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the program.  Work will be performed in Poway, California (90 percent); Cedar Rapids, Iowa (5 percent); and Rancho Bernardo, California (5 percent), and is expected to be completed in September 2018.  Fiscal 2016 research, development, test and evaluation (Navy) funds in the amount of $18,735,000 are being obligated at time of award; all of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity. Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona, is being awarded a $16,871,813 cost-plus-fixed-fee task order (4769) against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N00019-15-G-0003) for initial integrated logistics support and training for the Joint Standoff Weapon for the government of Saudi Arabia under the Foreign Military Sales program.  Work will be performed in Tuscon, Arizona (50 percent); and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia (50 percent), and is expected to be completed in December 2020.  Foreign military sales funds in the amount of $16,871,813 will be obligated on this award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  The Boeing Co., St. Louis, Missouri, is being awarded $11,792,262 for firm-fixed-price delivery order 0055 against a previously issued basic ordering agreement (N00019-16-G-0001) for retrofit non-recurring engineering, support data, validation and verification kits, and tooling for the Engineering Change Proposal 631 “Changes to the Inner Wing Panel” in support of the F/A-18A/B/C/D aircraft.  Work will be performed in St. Louis, Missouri, and is expected to be completed in April 2020.  Fiscal 2016 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $11,792,262 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the fiscal year.  The Naval Air Systems Command, Patuxent River, Maryland, is the contracting activity.  L3 Technologies Inc., Arlington, Texas, is being awarded $8,845,611 for modification to firm-fixed-price delivery order 000506 issued previously against basic ordering agreement N61340-12-G-0001.  This provides F/A-18C/D Tactical Operational Flight Trainers with System Configuration Set 29C Spiral Build 12 upgrade, as well as delivery of two F/A-18 SimuStrike flight trainers for the Marine Corps Air Station, Iwakuni, Japan.  Work will be performed in Arlington, Texas, and is expected to be completed in April 2019.  Fiscal 2016 and 2017 aircraft procurement (Navy) funds in the amount of $8,845,611 will be obligated at time of award, none of which will expire at the end of the current fiscal year.  The Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division, Orlando, Florida, is the contracting activity. ARMY Zieson Construction Co. LLC,* Kansas City, Missouri (W912DQ-17-D-4000); Patriot Construction LLC,* Dunkirk, Maryland (W912DQ-17-D-4001); Relyant Global LLC,* Maryville, Tennessee (W912DQ-17-D-4002); and Herman Construction Group Inc.,* Escondido, California (W912DQ-17-D-4003), will share in a $95,000,000 firm-fixed-price contract to provide design-build and design-bid-build construction work for military construction in support of the northwestern division Kansas City District. Bids were solicited via the Internet with 18 received. Work locations and funding will be determined with each order; with an estimated completion date of April 12, 2020. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Kansas City, Missouri, is the contracting activity. The Boeing Co., Mesa, Arizona, was awarded a $56,550,000 modification (P00025) to contract W58RGZ-12-C-0055 to procure hardware necessary to retrofit aircraft enabling Version 4 software and capabilities. Work will be performed in Mesa, Arizona, with an estimated completion date of May 31, 2021. Fiscal 2016 other funds in the amount of $27,709,500 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contraction Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity. Longbow LLC, Orlando, Florida, was awarded a $10,775,366 modification (P00027) to contract W31P4Q-16-C-0035 to exercise options for Hellfire engineering services. Work will be performed in Orlando, Florida; Eglin Air Force Base, Florida; and Huntsville, Alabama, with an estimated completion date of April 12, 2018. Fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017 other procurement (Army); and operations and maintenance (Army) funds in the amount of $10,775,366 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Redstone Arsenal, Alabama, is the contracting activity. Caterpillar Inc. Governmental and Defense Products, Mossville, Illinois, was awarded an $8,138,787 modification (0059) to contract W56HZV-08-D-0037 to procure 29 tan motorized graders with A/kits, and 15 support equipment tools and test equipment. Work will be performed in Peoria, Illinois, with an estimated completion date of Jan. 31, 2018. Fiscal 2016 other procurement (Army) funds in the amount of $8,138,787 were obligated at the time of the award. U.S. Army Contracting Command, Warren, Michigan, is the contracting activity. AIR FORCE Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona, has been awarded a $64,610,086 cost-plus-incentive-fee option (P00004) to previously awarded contract FA8675-16-C-0044 for the Advanced Medium Range Air to Air Missile (AMRAAM) program. Contractor will provide Phase 4b form, fit, function, refresh of the AMRAAM guidance section. Work will be performed at Tucson, Arizona, and is expected to be complete by April 13, 2018. This contract involves foreign military sales to Norway, Turkey, Japan, Romania, and Australia. Fiscal 2016 Air Force production; and 2017 Navy production funds in the amount of $43,056,110 are being obligated at the time of award. Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, is the contracting activity. DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY Golden Manufacturing Co. Inc.,* Golden, Mississippi, has been awarded a maximum $58,525,830 modification (P00134) exercising the fourth one-year option period of a one-year base contract (SPM1C1-13-D-1047) with four one-year option periods for various types of coats. The modification brings the maximum dollar value of the contract to $105,029,845 from $46,504,015. This is a firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract. Locations of performance are Mississippi and Georgia, with an April 17, 2018, performance completion date. Using military services are Army and Navy. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2018 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Cardinal Health 200 LLC, Waukegan, Illinois, has been awarded a maximum $46,500,000 fixed-price with economic-price-adjustment, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for laboratory supplies and wares. This was a competitive acquisition with 18 responses received. This is a one-year base contract with four one-year option periods. Maximum dollar amount is for the life of the contract. Location of performance is Illinois, with an April 12, 2022, performance completion date. Using customers are Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and federal civilian agencies. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2017 through 2022 defense working capital funds. The contracting activity is the Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (SPE2DE-17-D-0008). *Small business News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Military Commissions Press / Media Queries Other News Sources MISSION The mission of the Department of Defense is to provide the military forces needed to deter war and to protect the security of our country. The department's headquarters is at the Pentagon. SUBSCRIBE NOW Get the latest DoD News products delivered to your inbox. Subscribe MILITARY DEPARTMENTS Joint Chiefs Army Marine Corps Navy Air Force Coast Guard UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Africa Command Central Command European Command Northern Command Pacific Command Southern Command Special Operations Command Strategic Command Transportation Command Connect Twitter Facebook Flickr LinkedIn Instagram YouTube DefenseTV DVIDS Blogs RSS Contact Subscribe Privacy & Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Section 508 Imagery Use FOIA No FEAR Act Web Policy Plain Writing Act Open GOV Strategic Plan Small Business Act Site Map
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate A Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane takes off on its first flight Thursday in Renton. (AP Photo/Ted Warren) Boeing’s big 737 MAX takes flight amid headwinds from Airbus Thu Apr 13th, 2017 5:42pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Julie Johnsson, Bloomberg Boeing’s newest and largest 737 MAX gunned down the runway and soared over the shore of Lake Washington, south of Seattle, on its maiden flight Thursday. The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family achieved the critical milestone at 10:52 a.m. local time, days after the Chicago-based planemaker celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight. The single-aisle MAX 9 faces an uncertain future, however, in a market dominated by Airbus’s longer A321neo. The U.S. planemaker is trying to pull off a balancing act with the 737, a workhorse favored by budget carriers that is Boeing’s largest source of profit. The manufacturer is mulling the introduction of as many as five MAX models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton factory over each of the next three years. Any stumbles in developing the new jets, a process fraught with delays, could damage Boeing’s bottom line if snarls slow manufacturing at a plant preparing to increase output to 47 planes a month in May, five more than the present rate. The MAX 8, the first of the upgraded 737 models, has completed flight-testing and is slated to begin deliveries this quarter, months ahead of schedule. The MAX 9 also took to the skies ahead of schedule, with Captain Christine Walsh in command. It is designed to seat 204 travelers in a single-class cabin, about 16 more people than the MAX 8, while flying the same distance: as many as 3,515 nautical miles. The debut is the latest in a year crammed with new planes produced by manufacturers from Brazil to Ukraine. Boeing’s largest 787 Dreamliner, the -10, took its first flight March 31 — the same day that Airbus’s A319neo and Antonov’s An-132D turboprop aircraft made their maiden flights. Sputtering airplane sales raise concerns that the aerospace industry is headed into a downturn after more than a decade of growth, making it tougher for manufacturers to recapture the billions of dollars spent developing aircraft. “This is why we have a duopoly,” said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, referring to Boeing and Airbus. “Newcomers have a harder time with an ultimately cyclical market, combined with heavy spending on new-product development.” Boeing shouldn’t have any problem recovering its costs for the 737 MAX family, the latest versions of the venerable single-aisle jet that revolutionized low-cost travel and aircraft manufacturing. The company has already landed 3,703 orders, the most in its history for a new program. Europe’s Airbus has garnered 5,056 orders for its A320neo lineup. The bulk of Boeing’s orders are thought to be for the -8, which seats more travelers than the A320neo, although the U.S. planemaker doesn’t break out sales by MAX model. That gives Airbus a commanding lead at the top end of the market with the 1,385 orders notched by the A321neo, the longest narrow-body in production. With the MAX 9 struggling to gain sales, Boeing has begun marketing the MAX 10X, a longer model. It would seat about 230 travelers and cruise on transcontinental routes flown by Boeing’s 757, which has been out of production for more than a decade. But potential customers, like Air Lease Corp., fret that the new model will get to market too late, with a planned 2020 debut. That will be a year after Airbus will introduce an A321neo model configured to seat as many as 240 people. Boeing would probably have to discount heavily to cut into Airbus’s lead, Aboulafia said. “They can’t seem to get the pricing power they had with the NG series,” the analyst said, referring to the previous generation of the 737s that commanded premiums to Airbus jets. “Maybe that will change. But if it does, it will happen on the MAX 8.” But Boeing, for now, may be content to have product offerings that it can hone for 737 operators — without ceding the top end of the narrow-body market to Airbus, said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. “The investments haven’t been excessive relative to the broader program,” he said. The MAX 9 and 10X will help “keep Airbus pricing in check,” he said. “Part of the benefit is just having something in place and letting the technology mature.”   Most Read Lake Stevens condo development stirs concern of neighbors LAKE STEVENS — Plans to start work on a housing development that… Apr 12th, 2017 by Kari Bray Work to begin soon on big indoor sports arena in Mill Creek MILL CREEK — Two projects aimed at bolstering recreational opportunities in and… Apr 12th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Here and in DC, DelBene sees more constituent engagement SNOHOMISH — U.S. Rep Suzan DelBene fielded questions about health care, investigations… Apr 12th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Multiple people arrested after reports of children being beaten MONROE — Police have arrested four people suspected of beating children with… Apr 13th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Cleanup to begin in June at former bus barn in Lynnwood LYNNWOOD — The Edmonds School District’s former bus barn property near Alderwood… Apr 12th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Spirit AeroSystems and Boeing Celebrate 737 MAX 9 First Flight WICHITA, Kan., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Spirit AeroSystems Inc. [NYSE: SPR] and Boeing celebrated the first flight of the 737 MAX 9 Thursday when it took to the skies from Renton Field near Boeing's 737 Final Assembly plant in Renton, Wash. Spirit AeroSystems produces the 737 MAX fuselage, pylon, thrust reverser and engine nacelle at its Wichita, Kan., facility and the wing leading edge at its Tulsa, Okla., facility. "We're proud to celebrate this first flight milestone with Boeing," said Spirit President and CEO Tom Gentile. "The Spirit factory has delivered more than 9,000 737s since they entered service, and we look forward to continuing the legacy and delivering on our commitments through this newest variant." The 737 MAX 9 further strengthens the MAX family position in the single-aisle market and enables airlines to reach farther on almost every single-aisle route they operate today. Spirit is responsible for delivering about 70 percent of the 737 structure to Boeing and has been investing in upgrades to its historic Plant 2 and its Wichita facilities to support growing demand since 2014. Last year, Spirit opened a new 737 thrust reverser assembly area and delivered its first 737 thrust reverser with a composite inner wall. "It's always exciting to see your hard work take to the skies for the very first time," said Duane Hawkins, senior vice president and general manager of Boeing programs at Spirit. "Congratulations to our Boeing customer for this significant milestone, the first flight of the 737 MAX 9." Spirit has more than doubled its 737 deliveries since it became a company in 2005. Spirit's history with the program dates back to the 1960s, when the 737 Classic launched and the site was a Boeing facility. The company transitioned to work on the 737 Next Generation program beginning in 1996, and the evolution continues today. The 737 MAX 8 program is in production and on schedule to enter service later this year. On the web: www.spiritaero.com On Twitter: @SpiritAero About Spirit AeroSystems Inc. Spirit AeroSystems designs and builds aerostructures for both commercial and defense customers. With headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, Spirit operates sites in the U.S., U.K., France and Malaysia. The company's core products include fuselages, pylons, nacelles and wing components for the world's premier aircraft. Spirit AeroSystems focuses on affordable, innovative composite and aluminum manufacturing solutions to support customers around the globe. More information is available at www.spiritaero.com.   SOURCE Spirit AeroSystems CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, New Products/Services, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hemocytometer Market Analysis by Key Players, Industry Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Next PostNext Global Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) Treatment Market Estimated to Flourish by 2022 Search Recent Posts MEMS Sensors for Automotive Industry Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Marking Paints Industry Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Marking Paints Industry Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Botanical and Plant Derived Drugs Market Pegged for Robust Expansion by 2020 Global Botanical and Plant Derived Drugs Market Pegged for Robust Expansion by 2020 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Boeing Completes Successful First Flight of 737 MAX 9 MAX program continues to execute on track, on timeAirplane scheduled to deliver to customers in 2018 SEATTLE, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Boeing [NYSE: BA] 737 MAX 9 completed its first flight today in the skies above Puget Sound. The 737 MAX program achieved the milestone on schedule, beginning a comprehensive flight-test program leading to certification and delivery. "The MAX 9's first flight is another milestone that continues the program's strong track record of progress," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes President & CEO Kevin McAllister. "The MAX family of airplanes offers more value than any competitor and its strong market acceptance is reflected in over 3,700 airplanes on order from 86 customers around the world." The airplane completed a successful 2 hour, 42-minute flight, taking off from Renton Field in Renton, Wash., at 10:52 a.m. local time and landing at 1:34 p.m. at Seattle's Boeing Field. Piloted by Boeing Test & Evaluation Capts. Christine Walsh and Ed Wilson, the airplane performed tests on flight controls, systems and handling qualities. The MAX 9 will now undergo comprehensive flight testing before customer deliveries begin in 2018. The 737 MAX 9 is the second member of Boeing's industry leading 737 MAX family, with a maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles. "The 737 MAX team continues to fire on all cylinders," said Keith Leverkuhn, vice president and general manager, 737 MAX program, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Each new milestone we meet builds knowledge and experience that gets leveraged to keep the program moving forward on track." The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders to date from 86 customers worldwide. Photos can be downloaded at: http://boeing.mediaroom.com/ Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com   SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, New Products/Services, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Medical Fiberscope Market Competition by Company, Countries, Application, Type 2017 Next PostNext Ashford Announces Agreement for Strategic Investment in Leading Provider of Hypo-Allergenic Hotel Rooms Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Rockwell Collins aims to sell more seats directly to Boeing, Airbus Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Big Story 10 | Thu Apr 13, 2017 | 4:45pm EDT Rockwell Collins aims to sell more seats directly to Boeing, Airbus By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Rockwell Collins Inc will try to sell more aircraft seats and interiors directly to plane makers, rather than airlines, now that it has acquired interiors maker B/E Aerospace, Rockwell Chief Executive Kelly Ortberg said on Thursday. "This is an area where I think we can do more standard equipment with the OEMs," he said in an interview, referring to plane makers such as Boeing and Airbus. "I think we can do more with Boeing as they look at what part of the interiors they want to standardize," he added. Rockwell, an aircraft component maker, on Thursday said it closed on its $8.6 billion acquisition of B/E Aerospace, giving it exposure to that market. Boeing last year chose privately held LIFT by EnCore as exclusive supplier of standard seats for the 737 aircraft, including the 737 MAX, which had a first flight on Thursday. Airlines typically are responsible for buying seats, but delays in seat delivery by some suppliers prompted Boeing to begin buying directly to ensure that seats would arrive at its factories on time for installation. "I certainly have intentions of putting some offers in front of all of our OEMs on how we could do more standard equipment for them," Ortberg said. Ortberg also said Rockwell's revenue could take a hit from delay of a Delta Air Lines order for Airbus twin-aisle aircraft but that he does not think demand for big planes is weakening more than expected. "If they move those airplanes to the right, then the revenues for the avionics and the interiors that go with those airplanes are going to move to the right," Ortberg said, referring to the potential delay of delivery of the widebody planes. Delta said on Wednesday it was reviewing widebody orders with plane makers. "We continue to see excess capacity in widebodies," Delta Chief Executive Ed Bastian said on a post-earnings conference call. Ortberg said he expects demand for large planes to improve after 2020, when Boeing's twin-aisle 777X enters service. Sales of large jetliners slowed sharply in recent years. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Big Story 10 Innoviva to review costs, executive pay following Sarissa pressure Drug company Innoviva Inc said on Thursday it would undertake a review of its costs, including executive compensation following pressure from activist investor Sarissa Capital Management LP. Lebanon urged to do more to trace thousands missing from civil war BEIRUT (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The Lebanese government was urged on Thursday - the 42nd anniversary of the start of the nation's civil war - to help families of the thousands of missing by approving a project to collect DNA samples to try to trace their whereabouts. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Rockwell Collins aims to sell more seats directly to Boeing, Airbus By Reuters Published: 16:32 EDT, 13 April 2017 | Updated: 16:32 EDT, 13 April 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, April 13 (Reuters) - Rockwell Collins Inc will try to sell more aircraft seats and interiors directly to plane makers, rather than airlines, now that it has acquired interiors maker B/E Aerospace, Rockwell Chief Executive Kelly Ortberg said on Thursday. "This is an area where I think we can do more standard equipment with the OEMs," he said in an interview, referring to plane makers such as Boeing and Airbus. "I think we can do more with Boeing as they look at what part of the interiors they want to standardize," he added. Rockwell, an aircraft component maker, on Thursday said it closed on its $8.6 billion acquisition of B/E Aerospace, giving it exposure to that market. Boeing last year chose privately held LIFT by EnCore as exclusive supplier of standard seats for the 737 aircraft, including the 737 MAX, which had a first flight on Thursday. Airlines typically are responsible for buying seats, but delays in seat delivery by some suppliers prompted Boeing to begin buying directly to ensure that seats would arrive at its factories on time for installation. "I certainly have intentions of putting some offers in front of all of our OEMs on how we could do more standard equipment for them," Ortberg said. Ortberg also said Rockwell's revenue could take a hit from delay of a Delta Air Lines order for Airbus twin-aisle aircraft but that he does not think demand for big planes is weakening more than expected. "If they move those airplanes to the right, then the revenues for the avionics and the interiors that go with those airplanes are going to move to the right," Ortberg said, referring to the potential delay of delivery of the widebody planes. Delta said on Wednesday it was reviewing widebody orders with plane makers. "We continue to see excess capacity in widebodies," Delta Chief Executive Ed Bastian said on a post-earnings conference call. Ortberg said he expects demand for large planes to improve after 2020, when Boeing's twin-aisle 777X enters service. Sales of large jetliners slowed sharply in recent years. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top while Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her peachy posterior in a tiny thong in Miami Going their separate ways! Jennifer Garner drops off kids as it emerges she has filed for divorce... then doting dad Ben Affleck treats Violet to ice cream It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record 'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' 'Blame her management' 'He thinks it's funny': Charlotte Crosby reveals Stephen Bear got down on one knee in the middle of Sydney Harbour... as she calls new beau 'The One' How dad dancing made me popular... at last! Ed Balls on his Strictly appearances and why the weekly votes were more nerve-wracking than an election  Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn A little bit more than she bargained for That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they holiday in Byron Bay with Matt Damon Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'She needs a bra!' Trinny Woodall, 53, sends Twitter wild on This Morning... as lookalike daughter Lyla, 13, admits she's 'embarrassed' by mum Working out girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants Going glam Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie reveals 'green goo' juice is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 Secret weapon Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white crop top for and jeans dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Looking good Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Casual 'Karma comes for those who deserve it': Amber Turner 'breaks down in tears' over social media backlash following her split with TOWIE's Dan Edgar Biker chic! Sofia Richie cuts a casual figure as she rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Laid back Kate Wright puts on a VERY busty display as she shares another bikini snap... but hides her feet after fans are sent into meltdown over her 'big toes' Rogan O'Connor claims he and Holly Hagan spent the night together as he crudely taunts her ex-boyfriend Kyle Christie following THAT smooch 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Close bond Geez Denise! Van Outen, 42, looks ravishing in a magenta string bikini as she soaks up the sunshine during beach getaway to Marbella Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City Boudoir chic 'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her fluid sexuality and reveals she's 'open to loving anybody' Doesn't define herself 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'It wasn't working': Lucy Mecklenburgh stuns in minidress as she steps out in LA... amid claims she has split from boyfriend Nathan Sharpe EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Diana thought John Major was 'feeble and had difficulty making up his mind', Labour MP reveals  New claims 'Feel the burn!' Kerry Katona flaunts her taut muscles as she continues health kick after two stone weight loss... after sharing cheeky bum lift snap She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys lavish Beverly Hills mega mansion with stunning infinity pool for $19million Posh pad Katherine and Alfie rescue a creaking classic: Merry-go-round Carousel shows its age, writes PATRICK MARMION Dated classic 'I didn't choose suicide. It chose me. I can't control what happens:' Jahmene Douglas apologetic open letter to fans following worrying Twitter posts 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Helping hand 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cosy LA dinner date Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Beaming Forget Peter Kay. It's more fun to car share with Miriam Margolyes: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Last Night's TV  New BBC sitcom 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip Full of the joys of spring? Judy Finnigan beams with glee as she enjoys a countryside jaunt with husband Richard Madeley Out and about LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty Cost cust Transgender beauty queen says she had to work 'harder' than her fellow Britain's Next Top Model contestants by hiding her 'bulge' as she is booted off the show S-s-sensational! Chloe Paige can't stop squirming as she gets to grips with a HUGE snake... while putting on a leggy display on her return to London Family first! Real Housewives star Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills It's lock stock and two limping old codgers: The Hatton Garden Job is a cult classic in the making  A certain swagger and naive charm 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing is shockingly interrupted by anti-fur protesters  Taking a stand She's still the one! Country singer Shania Twain set to join season 12 of The Voice US as a new mentor to the finalists New line-up Seduced by a clever story of deception: The Handmaiden is a sumptuous looking and captivating Korean drama Set in 30s Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off with a laid-back workout and a healthy green smoothie Sporty 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd wears Princess Leia gown in tribute to Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first appearance since death  From Redgrave's take on the refugee crisis to Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes Film Festival line-up ever? Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Furious Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka Moving on Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before embarking on mystery project The lesser seen Cyrus  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers of the 1988 comedy to pen new script Long-awaited follow up 'I broke the rule: "Don't get your money where you get your honey"': Patrick Kielty on romance with Cat Deeley and how baby son Milo 'rules house' Soulful siren Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Sultry shoot Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  NYC's Shubert Theatre 'I'd get eggs thrown at me': Idris Elba felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as Oscar winning writer lets slip actor is set to be first black James Bond 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Almighty row Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Social media scandal Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in New York City Daddy duties Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off her enviably svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Keeping it simple 'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel completely LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Fun interview 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez is on board to helm revival of cult fantasy classic Labyrinth Fede Alvarez is set to direct the revival Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Sizzling She's got a lot of front! Smiling Emma Roberts wears naughty boob print T-shirt as she enjoys leisurely sunshine stroll  Cheeky A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Best known for playing the treacherous Dar Adal in TV's Homeland 'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Tribute PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Perky in pink! Busty Casey Batchelor slips into a teeny bikini as she soaks up the sun in the Dominican Republic Former Celebrity Big Brother star Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Oops! Model Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photoshoot Malfunction Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Inseperable Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in tiny sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Sporty 'Some lad's holding up the pub!' Ed Sheeran sends Twitter wild after creating pandemonium in Irish city as he films new music video at local bar Sore head? Bedraggled Megan McKenna sports bizarre jumpsuit with severe bed hair as she returns to Essex following boozy London night out SPOILER ALERT: Battered Bethany Platt has BLOOD on her hands as Coronation Street's grooming storyline takes a turn for the worse Putting a damper on it! Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke returns to London with LEAKING knee-caps after undergoing full body liposuction in Turkey There's a Lott going on! Pixie shows off her newly-dyed pink locks as she hits the promo trail in a busy pantsuit covered with celebrity cartoon faces Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Twinsies! Rose McGowan and her boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Smitten Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks unrecognisable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Witty comeback Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot New poster Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with girlfriend Floriana Lima New couple Doting mother Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her sweet son Remington's 1st birthday Proud mama Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Sam Faiers keeps it casual as she steps out with adorable baby son and boyfriend Paul... after joking about dropping 'creepy' proposal hints Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Mark Wright's Hollywood Nights part II? Shirtless star shows off his ripped physique in workout gear as he returns to scene of flop reality show  Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery for torn muscle  Ouch Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Taking another try at selling one of her homes Heavy night? TOWIE's Amber Turner hides behind HUGE sunglasses and sips a full fat Coke after hitting the town amid Dan Edgar split reports Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle Sealed with a kiss! Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with stunning wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch in Byron Bay on holiday with the Hemsworths Braless Jemma Lucy shows off some serious sideboob in a skimpy leotard as she joins busty 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for a workout in Spain Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri Apr 14, 2017 | 1:33am IST New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead left right Boeing’s new 737 MAX 9 aircraft is seen during takeoff on its first flight in Renton, Washington, U.S., April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Craig Larsen-Boeing Handout 1/3 left right FILE PHOTO: Ground crew members escort a Boeing 737 MAX as it returns from a flight test at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington January 29, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Redmond/File Photo 2/3 left right FILE PHOTO: Boeing's new 737 MAX-9 is pictured under construction at their production facility in Renton, Washington, U.S., February 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond/File Photo 3/3 By Alwyn Scott and Jamie Freed | SEATTLE/SYDNEY SEATTLE/SYDNEY A new version of Boeing Co's (BA.N) 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus (AIR.PA) A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet (SPJT.BO) and Jet Airways (JET.NS) about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced scepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. "We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed in Sydney and Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by David Evans and Bernadette Baum) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Gold steady near five-month; poised for best week in a year BENGALURU Gold on Friday held near the 5-month highs hit in the previous session and was set for its biggest weekly percentage rise since April last year as a weaker dollar and geopolitical worries over the Middle East and North Korea stoked safe haven demand. Apple considers bidding for big stake in Toshiba's chip business - report TOKYO Apple Inc is considering teaming up with its supplier Foxconn to bid for Toshiba Corp's semiconductor business, public broadcaster NHK said on Friday - the latest twist in the sale of the world's second-biggest flash memory chipmaker. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick U.S.'mother of all bombs' killed 36 Islamic State militants in Afghanistan Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's a look at Boeing and Sikorsky's new gunship helicopter concept Jared Keller, Task & Purpose Apr. 13, 2017, 11:28 AM 3,223 facebook linkedin twitter email print A mock-up of Boeing and Sikorsky's new SB-1 assault helicopter. Lockheed Martin/YouTube Since 1939, aerospace manufacturers Boeing and Sikorsky Aircraft have remained synonymous with dependable fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters, respectively, responsible for supplying the US armed forces with illustrious vehicles from the venerable F/A-18 Super Hornet and Air Force One to the combat-ready Black Hawk and Chinook helos. Now, the two firms are teaming up to develop a brand new gunship for the US military: The SB-1 assault helicopter. On April 10, Sikorsky owner Lockheed Martin posted a brief concept video detailing the company’s design for an attack craft with "long range, high speed, superior hover performance and unmatched maneuverability" to supplement the military’s helicopter fleet for decades to come. Take a look: Developed as part of the Future Vertical Lift (FVL) program under the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, The War Zone reports that the Army is currently exploring replacement craft for both the AH-64 Apache gunship and UH-60 Black Hawk. Here’s the backstory on the project, courtesy of The War Zone: In 2015, Sikorsky and Boeing first announced they were teaming up to build a rotorcraft for the Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstration (JMR-TD). This project is supposed to serve as a lead in effort for the larger, long-term FVL plan. This partnership led to the SB-1 Defiant, the unusual nomenclature standing for “Sikorsky and Boeing are greater than one.” A compound helicopter with a push-propeller and co-axial, rigid rotors, the firms boasted this new aircraft would be significantly faster than traditional helicopters, more maneuverable, more stable while hovering, and quieter. Sure, you can’t really get a sense of those improvements in action from Lockheed Martin’s concept art, but the animation is enough to heighten any mechanophile’s anticipation. A US Army AH-64 Apache attack helicopter prepares to depart Bagram Air Field, Afghanistan. Tech. Sgt. Matt Hecht/US Air Force The promotional video states that the copter will boast a cruising speed of 280 miles per hour, far outstripping the attack helos currently utilized by both the Army and Marine Corps. The craft is reportedly meant to maintain altitude and stability even under “hot-and-high” conditions, hovering more than a mile above the ground in temperatures up to 95 degrees Fahrenheit. Oh, and let’s not forget the guns, per The War Zone: The proposal has a chin-turret with an automatic cannon that looks very much like the three-barrel, 20mm M197 gun on the Marine Corps’ AH-1s. As with both the AH-1 and AH-64 series, there are two stubby wings with four external stores pylons for various ordnance and two launch rails on the tips for air-to-air missiles – in this case the artist appears to have mounted AIM-9X Sidewinders – are on either side of the fuselage. In one of the frames, it appears that two of those racks may actually attach directly the chopper’s main body. Delicious. While the Army hopes to conduct flight tests of the SB-1 attack prototype by the end of 2017, that’s contingent on whether the collaboration between the two aerospace giants actually makes it, er, off the ground. The last joint project undertaken by the two was the RAH-66 Comanche five-bladed attack helicopter, commissioned in 1991, built in 1996, and aborted in 2004 … at a cost to the DoD of nearly $7 billion. With other certain aircraft aggressively over-budget, it’s doubtful the Pentagon will have the patience to sink time and money into another dud. Get the latest Boeing stock price here. Read the original article on Task & Purpose. Copyright 2017. Follow Task & Purpose on Twitter. More from Task & Purpose: Here’s What The ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ Would Do To Your City Report: US Prepared To Launch Preemptive Strike To Counter North Korea Nuclear Threat On Saturday He Was Shot In The Head. On Sunday He Was Fighting Again The Army Is Trying Out A One-Stop Transition Shop In San Antonio This Is What The ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ Looks Like When It Hits Its Target SEE ALSO: Army general says foreign militaries are breaking even with the capabilities of the M1 Abrams tank NOW WATCH: Here's footage of the US military's new helicopter that'll cost as much as an F-35 Loading video... More: Task & Purpose Boeing Sikorsky Helicopter Apache Black Hawk helicopter U.S. Army US Air Force facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's a look at Boeing and Sikorsky's new gunship helicopter concept Here's a look at Boeing and Sikorsky's new gunship helicopter concept Since 1939, aerospace manufacturers Boeing and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Gary Jet Center Receives Supplier of the Year Award from The Boeing Company GARY, Ind., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Gary Jet Center has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Global Diversity category by The Boeing Company. Gary Jet Center was one of 13 companies honored April 12, 2017 at a gala in Dallas, TX for distinguished performance in working with Boeing. Gary Jet Center previously was honored with this award in 2013. In January, Gary Jet Center was notified that it was one of 480 companies to receive the Boeing Performance Excellence Award which rewards performance excellence. Achieving the Supplier of the Year designation further acknowledges superior performance and labels this class of winners as best of the best. (PRNewsfoto/Gary Jet Center)… „Boeing’s success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as Gary Jet Center,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in nearly 48 countries around the world. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. „We are honored to have been recognized by The Boeing Company as a 2016 Supplier of the Year”, said Lynn Eplawy, President of the Gary Jet Center. „We are proud of the work we do to support Boeing’s missions around the world, and are forever appreciative of the opportunities Boeing has given us in being one of their many suppliers. Our team’s commitment to quality, safety and exceptional customer service is the cornerstone of our success, and we are grateful to The Boeing Company for allowing us to be a part of their operation.” The Gary Jet Center provides aircraft maintenance and repair, as well as global flight technical support and line services to their Executive Flight Operations, based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport (KGYY) in Gary, Indiana. About Gary Jet Center Gary Jet Center, www.garyjetcenter.com, is an aviation services company based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport, located 25 minutes from downtown Chicago. A family-owned and operated company, the Gary Jet Center provides fixed base operations to a variety of corporate and general aircraft, aircraft management services to over a dozen aircraft owners, Part 135 Charter operations, and two Part 145 Maintenance certificates. With over 110,000 sq. ft. of hangar space and a consistent focus on exceptional customer service, Gary Jet Center is poised to accommodate and service the corporate jet market in the Chicagoland area.      To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gary-jet-center-receives-supplier-of-the-year-award-from-the-boeing-company-300439529.html SOURCE Gary Jet Center Related Links http://www.garyjetcenter.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jim Rosas, Chicago business leader, passed at age 49 Next PostNext Karma Automotive Completes Acquisition of New Global Headquarters Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Gary Jet Center Receives Supplier of the Year Award from The Boeing Company GARY, Ind., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Gary Jet Center has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Global Diversity category by The Boeing Company. Gary Jet Center was one of 13 companies honored April 12, 2017 at a gala in Dallas, TX for distinguished performance in working with Boeing. Gary Jet Center previously was honored with this award in 2013. In January, Gary Jet Center was notified that it was one of 480 companies to receive the Boeing Performance Excellence Award which rewards performance excellence. Achieving the Supplier of the Year designation further acknowledges superior performance and labels this class of winners as best of the best. (PRNewsfoto/Gary Jet Center)… „Boeing’s success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as Gary Jet Center,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in nearly 48 countries around the world. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. „We are honored to have been recognized by The Boeing Company as a 2016 Supplier of the Year”, said Lynn Eplawy, President of the Gary Jet Center. „We are proud of the work we do to support Boeing’s missions around the world, and are forever appreciative of the opportunities Boeing has given us in being one of their many suppliers. Our team’s commitment to quality, safety and exceptional customer service is the cornerstone of our success, and we are grateful to The Boeing Company for allowing us to be a part of their operation.” The Gary Jet Center provides aircraft maintenance and repair, as well as global flight technical support and line services to their Executive Flight Operations, based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport (KGYY) in Gary, Indiana. About Gary Jet Center Gary Jet Center, www.garyjetcenter.com, is an aviation services company based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport, located 25 minutes from downtown Chicago. A family-owned and operated company, the Gary Jet Center provides fixed base operations to a variety of corporate and general aircraft, aircraft management services to over a dozen aircraft owners, Part 135 Charter operations, and two Part 145 Maintenance certificates. With over 110,000 sq. ft. of hangar space and a consistent focus on exceptional customer service, Gary Jet Center is poised to accommodate and service the corporate jet market in the Chicagoland area.      To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gary-jet-center-receives-supplier-of-the-year-award-from-the-boeing-company-300439529.html SOURCE Gary Jet Center Related Links http://www.garyjetcenter.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jim Rosas, Chicago business leader, passed at age 49 Next PostNext Karma Automotive Completes Acquisition of New Global Headquarters Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Gary Jet Center Receives Supplier of the Year Award from The Boeing Company GARY, Ind., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Gary Jet Center has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Global Diversity category by The Boeing Company. Gary Jet Center was one of 13 companies honored April 12, 2017 at a gala in Dallas, TX for distinguished performance in working with Boeing. Gary Jet Center previously was honored with this award in 2013. In January, Gary Jet Center was notified that it was one of 480 companies to receive the Boeing Performance Excellence Award which rewards performance excellence. Achieving the Supplier of the Year designation further acknowledges superior performance and labels this class of winners as best of the best. (PRNewsfoto/Gary Jet Center)… „Boeing’s success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as Gary Jet Center,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in nearly 48 countries around the world. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. „We are honored to have been recognized by The Boeing Company as a 2016 Supplier of the Year”, said Lynn Eplawy, President of the Gary Jet Center. „We are proud of the work we do to support Boeing’s missions around the world, and are forever appreciative of the opportunities Boeing has given us in being one of their many suppliers. Our team’s commitment to quality, safety and exceptional customer service is the cornerstone of our success, and we are grateful to The Boeing Company for allowing us to be a part of their operation.” The Gary Jet Center provides aircraft maintenance and repair, as well as global flight technical support and line services to their Executive Flight Operations, based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport (KGYY) in Gary, Indiana. About Gary Jet Center Gary Jet Center, www.garyjetcenter.com, is an aviation services company based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport, located 25 minutes from downtown Chicago. A family-owned and operated company, the Gary Jet Center provides fixed base operations to a variety of corporate and general aircraft, aircraft management services to over a dozen aircraft owners, Part 135 Charter operations, and two Part 145 Maintenance certificates. With over 110,000 sq. ft. of hangar space and a consistent focus on exceptional customer service, Gary Jet Center is poised to accommodate and service the corporate jet market in the Chicagoland area.      To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gary-jet-center-receives-supplier-of-the-year-award-from-the-boeing-company-300439529.html SOURCE Gary Jet Center Related Links http://www.garyjetcenter.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jim Rosas, Chicago business leader, passed at age 49 Next PostNext Karma Automotive Completes Acquisition of New Global Headquarters Search Recent Posts Global Dental Operating Light Market 2021: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share United States Automotive Repair and Maintenance Services Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2021 United States Automotive Crash Sensor Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 United States Automatic Emergency Braking System Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Adaptive Cruise Control Systems Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
≡ The Intercept_ English Português 🔍 Glenn Greenwald Unofficial Sources Robert Mackey Intercepted Podcast Features Documents About & Contacts ft© First Look Media. All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy Sitemap The Intercept_ Unofficial _Sources f t ✉ ⎕ 13 Photo: Alex Brandon/AP Some Populist! Trump Caves to Big Business in Epic “Bank of Boeing” Flip-Flop. Zaid Jilani Zaid Jilani 2017-04-13T17:11:15+00:00 Photo: Alex Brandon/AP The Export-Import Bank is a big corporate welfare program that likes to keep a low profile. But in the past few years, the anti-establishment Republicans of the House Freedom Caucus and a handful of progressive Democrats including Bernie Sanders turned it into a rousing populist issue, first refusing to re-authorize the bank, then blocking nominations of new board members. The bank dishes out billions of dollars of taxpayer-backed loan guarantees to a few U.S. corporations who use the subsidies to sell their goods abroad. Critics have dubbed it the “Bank of Boeing” because the aerospace giant receives more assistance than any other single firm; in 2014, $7.4 billion in long-term guarantees — 68 percent of the total made by the Ex-Im Bank — were for Boeing. Candidate Donald Trump was strongly on the side of the reformers. “I don’t like it because I don’t think it’s necessary,” he told Bloomberg’s With All Due Respect in early August 2015. “It’s a one-way street also. It’s sort of a feather bedding for politicians and others, and a few companies. And these are companies that can do very well without it. So I don’t like it. I think it’s a lot of excess baggage. I think it’s unnecessary. And when you think about free enterprise, it’s really not free enterprise. I’d be against it.” But what Trump said then is no longer operative. As on many other issues, it turns out either Trump didn’t mean what he said, or he’s been manipulated into changing his mind, or both. Much as he pivoted from opposing wars of choice to launching illegal airstrikes in Syria, or blasting Goldman Sachs in his final campaign ad and then hiring more than half a dozen former Goldman staffers to senior positions, Trump has once again abandoned the insurgent campaign rhetoric he insisted was deeply principled, to instead do the bidding of the Washington establishment. (There were actually five different pro-establishment policy flip-flops from Trump on Wednesday.) The first sign that Trump would flip-flop on the bank was found in the White House’s budget blueprint, released in early March. The budget spared the bank, leaving open the question of whether the Trump administration would simply put off reforms until later or was in fact reversing itself. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday, Trump put the question to rest. “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies,” Trump told the Journal, now giving lip service to precisely the kind of deceptive rhetoric he once mocked. He also justified his about face by saying other countries also subsidize exports. “But also, maybe more important, other countries give [assistance]. When other countries give it we lose a tremendous amount of business.” Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney defended the move in an interview on Tuesday with CNBC. “Have you accepted as a matter of administration policy that you’re going to take money from taxpayers and give it to the Ex-Im Bank?” interviewer John Hardwood asked. “Yeah. We did talk about the Ex-Im Bank because, as you know, I was a fairly significant critic of that in my time on the House,” Mulvaney replied. “And I’m very comfortable with where we got, which is I believe I have a commitment this from this president.” Indeed, Mulvaney, too, opposed the bank, back when he was in Congress. “Just because the Senate votes on a piece of crap doesn’t mean we have to vote for it,” he said about attempts by Senate Republicans to pressure dissident House members to support re-authorization in 2015. One thing that’s changed since the campaign is that Trump and Boeing have become a mutual admiration society. In December 2016, shortly after being elected, Trump took to Twitter to slam Boeing for the price of the new Air Force One, even calling for the plane to be cancelled. But the two sides quickly struck a more amicable tone. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg met with Trump and publicly pledged to get the project done for less than the costs Trump cited. The following month, Muilenberg met again with the president and praised him in front of reporters. “I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job of engaging with business,” he said. “We’re on the same page here.” Trump took credit at a February 2017 rally for getting Boeing to reduce the price of the new Air Force One “by over $1 billion” — but the Air Force, which is in charge of the project, told the press that they were not aware of any new savings. Boeing, however, did not contradict him. Trump visited a South Carolina-based Boeing plant the same month, and praised its new 787 Dreamliner. “I have to say also: That is one beautiful airplane,” he said. Boeing and others who benefit from the Ex-Im Bank have also been publicly pressuring the administration. For example, on March 10 the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA), one of the groups involved in lobbying for re-authorization, sent a letter to the administration touting the benefits of the bank. The letter, signed by the CEOs of Boeing, Raytheon, and other aerospace firms, specifically pointed to the issue of ensuring a “quorum” on the bank’s board of directors; currently, only two out of the five seats are filled, preventing it from making certain transactions which require the approval of at least three board members. In his interview with the Wall Street Journal, Trump promised to fill two vacancies on the bank’s board, which would allow the bank to make larger transactions, including ones of over $10 million. The Washington Post noted last year that more than 30 deals worth $20 billion are on pause due to a lack of quorum, although the names of the specific companies who would benefit were a secret. Former Boeing CEO and chairman Jim McNerney netted a spot on Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum in December, which was set up to allow corporate executives to advise the president on various matters. Like many others in the advisory group, McNerney had in the past aligned himself with Democrats and the Washington establishment but he quickly found a friendly ear in the Trump administration. Top photo: President Donald Trump steps off Air Force One as he arrives at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on April 9, 2017. Related Contact the author: Zaid Jilani✉zaid.jilani@​theintercept.comt@ZaidJilani ˅ ⎕ 13 Comments The Intercept_ Newsletter D × ✓ Weekly Digest ✓ Breaking Stories and Exclusives ⟶ Email list managed by MailChimp Filters SVG
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 14 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment AerCap reports major business transactions for Q1 2017 By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 13, 2017 AerCap Holdings N.V. (NYSE: AER) leased, purchased, or sold 105 aircraft during the first quarter 2017, the company said. The company signed lease agreements for 69 aircraft, including 12 widebody and 57 narrowbody aircraft; purchased 11 aircraft, including 7 Airbus A320neos, 2 Airbus A350-900s and 2 Boeing 787-9s; and executed sale transactions for 25 aircraft, including 2 Airbus A319-100s, 7 Airbus A320-200s, 1 Airbus A321-100, 4 Airbus A330-200s, 1 Airbus A330-300, 2 Boeing 737 Classics and 4 Boeing 737NGs from AerCap´s owned portfolio, and 1 Airbus A320-200, 2 Boeing 737 Classics, and 1 Boeing 777-300 from AerCap´s managed portfolio. Additionally, AerCap signed financing transactions for USD 7.2bn. AerCap, an independent aircraft leasing company, engages in the leasing, financing, sale, and management of commercial aircraft and engines in China, the Netherlands, the US, and internationally. The company serves approximately 200 customers in roughly 80 countries with comprehensive fleet solutions. It is headquartered in Dublin, with offices in Amsterdam, Los Angeles, Shannon, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Singapore, Shanghai, Abu Dhabi, Seattle, and Toulouse. Related posts Green Courte adds near-airport parking at 2 Texas airports April 13, 2017 Green Courte Partners, LLC has added near-airport parking facilities at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport and William... D&B upgrades New Flight Charters' credit ratings April 13, 2017 New Flight Charters has reported that US business credit rating firm Dun & Bradstreet (D&B)... Universal Aviation agrees to joint venture with Inner Maldives April 13, 2017 Universal Aviation, the ground handling division of Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc., will expand its... Sun Country Airlines to feature Minnesota illustrations in fleet April 13, 2017 Each airplane in Sun Country Airline´s fleet will be named after a Minnesota lake and... International freight import/export grows 8% at MIA in 2016 April 13, 2017 The total value of international freight originating from and destined to Miami International Airport (MIA)... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « JetBlue announces 2.9% YoY increase in March AAR wins component support, repair contract from ASL Aviation Holdings » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News AT&T is Awarded “Supplier of the Year” from Boeing The Sky's the Limit with Integrated Communications Solutions Supporting International Growth DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AT&T* has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Advantage category by The Boeing Company. AT&T was 1 of 13 companies honored April 12 for its distinguished performance in working with Boeing. AT&T provides Boeing networking and advanced mobility solutions through a multiyear, multimillion dollar contract. As a strategic provider of voice and IP networking, advanced mobility, IoT and mobile app solutions in the U.S., AT&T supports Boeing as it delivers and executes its IT strategies. This creates value throughout the business and supports international business growth, capitalizing on its longstanding relationship and knowledge of Boeing's network architecture. "Boeing's success is a testament to the relationships we have with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as AT&T," said Kent Fisher, Boeing's leader for enterprise Supplier Management. "Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that help give our customers a competitive edge." This year's recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in 48 countries. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. "We're honored to be recognized. When it comes to building the world's aircraft, we know network reliability and speed are critical to Boeing's success. We're here to help Boeing work as efficiently as possible," said Frank Jules, president, AT&T Global Business. *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation's best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We're one of the world's largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   SOURCE AT&T Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Telecommunications Carriers and Services, Telecommunications equipment, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global and Chinese Malic Acid Industry Report 2017 – Research and Markets Next PostNext ESPN Commentators for 2017 NFL Draft Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News AT&T is Awarded „Supplier of the Year” from Boeing DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AT&T* has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Advantage category by The Boeing Company. AT&T was 1 of 13 companies honored April 12 for its distinguished performance in working with Boeing. AT&T provides Boeing networking and advanced mobility solutions through a multiyear, multimillion dollar contract. As a strategic provider of voice and IP networking, advanced mobility, IoT and mobile app solutions in the U.S., AT&T supports Boeing as it delivers and executes its IT strategies. This creates value throughout the business and supports international business growth, capitalizing on its longstanding relationship and knowledge of Boeing’s network architecture. „Boeing’s success is a testament to the relationships we have with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as AT&T,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that help give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in 48 countries. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. „We’re honored to be recognized. When it comes to building the world’s aircraft, we know network reliability and speed are critical to Boeing’s success. We’re here to help Boeing work as efficiently as possible,” said Frank Jules, president, AT&T Global Business. *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation’s best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We’re one of the world’s largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/att-is-awarded-supplier-of-the-year-from-boeing-300439187.html SOURCE AT&T Inc. Related Links http://www.att.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Timex Re-signs Jared Ward as Brand Ambassador Next PostNext The Conference Board Leading Economic Index® (LEI) for the U.K. Increased Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News AT&T is Awarded „Supplier of the Year” from Boeing DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AT&T* has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Advantage category by The Boeing Company. AT&T was 1 of 13 companies honored April 12 for its distinguished performance in working with Boeing. AT&T provides Boeing networking and advanced mobility solutions through a multiyear, multimillion dollar contract. As a strategic provider of voice and IP networking, advanced mobility, IoT and mobile app solutions in the U.S., AT&T supports Boeing as it delivers and executes its IT strategies. This creates value throughout the business and supports international business growth, capitalizing on its longstanding relationship and knowledge of Boeing’s network architecture. „Boeing’s success is a testament to the relationships we have with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as AT&T,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that help give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in 48 countries. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. „We’re honored to be recognized. When it comes to building the world’s aircraft, we know network reliability and speed are critical to Boeing’s success. We’re here to help Boeing work as efficiently as possible,” said Frank Jules, president, AT&T Global Business. *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation’s best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We’re one of the world’s largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/att-is-awarded-supplier-of-the-year-from-boeing-300439187.html SOURCE AT&T Inc. Related Links http://www.att.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Timex Re-signs Jared Ward as Brand Ambassador Next PostNext The Conference Board Leading Economic Index® (LEI) for the U.K. Increased Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION April 14, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors23 Markets13 Automotives1 Banking5 Construction1 Employment Features1 General Investment2 Media1 Careers Energy70 Retail3 Shipping Technology6 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors VC learns life outside Silicon Valley IEA says global oil market nears balance JPMorgan beats profit forecasts Renewables Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Airbus CEO mulls new term, not retiring soon Delta reviews $14 billion Airbus jet order Economy3 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Nakheel to scale up multibillion contracts Aldar targets mid-market housing Gulf Real Estate Awards: champions of the trade Money2 Dirhams and Dollars2 Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Airbus faces setback as Delta reviews $14 billion jet order European plane maker out-duelled Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 A350s later this year Image Credit: AFP Group General Counsel at Airbus Group, John Harrison, right, gestures as he speaks to Airbus Group CEO Tom Enders. Published: 15:36 April 13, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Chicago, Atlanta Airbus’ expansion into Boeing’s home market faces a potential setback as Delta Air Lines Inc. reviews a $14 billion purchase of the European planemaker’s two-newest wide-body models. The Atlanta-based carrier, known as an influential and shrewd aircraft buyer, is studying its twin-aisle orders amid signs the long-range travel market is saturated, Ed Bastian, Delta’s chief executive officer, said during a quarterly earnings call Wednesday. While he didn’t name Airbus, Delta has no twin-aisle orders pending with Boeing, according to the US company’s online database. “We continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry,” Bastian said, adding that Delta, which has orders for the Airbus A350 and A330neo, is in discussions with plane makers. “We continue to look internally as to what that means for Delta. You could anticipate some reductions, I think, broadly over the next several years.” Word of the review intensifies concerns that demand for long-haul planes is weakening as a long jet-buying binge draws to close. American Airlines Group Inc. last year deferred its A350 order, while United Continental Holdings Inc. said it may swap its A350 purchase for smaller planes. Wide-body worry “It definitely contributes to what’s been a building caution, or wall of worry around the wide-body market,” said Ken Herbert, an aerospace analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Airbus shares traded 0.6 per cent lower at 71.51 euros (Dh279) as of 9:29am in Paris. They closed 0.9 per cent higher Wednesday after Bastian’s remarks, paring earlier gains of as much as 1.5 per cent. Boeing closed down 1.4 per cent to $176.05, the second-biggest slide among the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Airbus confirmed that it is in touch with Delta, while declining to go into detail. “It’s not appropriate for us to comment on our customers’ internal analysis,” spokeswoman Mary Anne Greczyn said by email. “However, as a leading aircraft manufacturer, Airbus continually engages our customers around the world to help optimise their fleet needs.” The Toulouse, France-based company out-duelled Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 A350s later this year. They’re intended to replace the Boeing 747 jumbos that once shuttled Delta’s passengers to Asia. The airline has also ordered 25 A330neo, a model that’s yet to fly, as a replacement for its oldest Boeing 767s. The prospect of Delta postponing or cancelling the wide-body order adds to uncertainty over Airbus’s efforts to make inroads in the US with its next-generation models. American last year delayed A350 deliveries by an average 26 months and is due to take the first of 22 planes next year, spokesman Joshua Freed said. The planes were ordered by US Airways Group, which merged with American in 2013. United said last year it was reviewing its purchase of A350-1000s. Delta, too, could defer orders to a schedule that better fits its demand forecasts, or shift the mix to other models, according to aviation consultant Scott Hamilton. The carrier may issue a request for proposals for single-aisle aircraft that would pit Boeing’s 737 Max against Airbus’s A321neo and will also need a mid-market aircraft, such as the lighter-weight regional A330 or the so-called 797 under consideration at Boeing, he said by email. “At face value, the Delta statement might seem alarming,” Hamilton said. “But as so often becomes the case, the ‘review’ may not be what it seems.” Sales of twin-aisle jets have slowed as the market absorbs a surplus after Boeing and Airbus boosted output at a 16 per cent annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Late last year, Boeing announced a second cut to the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while A330neo orders have stalled, he said. In December, Delta scrapped a long-standing order for 18 Boeing 787 Dreamliners that it inherited in its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. At the time, the airline said the decision was consistent with the need “to prudently address our wide-body aircraft needs.” More from Aviation ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Airbus CEO mulls new term, not retiring soon Delta reviews $14 billion Airbus jet order Etihad completes 5 years of operations to Kuwait Emirates takes dig at red-faced United Airlines Airlines urged to strike healthy work balance Qantas stops selling tickets in Zimbabwe United Airlines - Tweets tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Business Gallery First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Delta reviews $14 billion Airbus jet order 02ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran 03UPS buys first used Boeing 767s 04Emirates takes dig at red-faced United Airlines 05Airbus CEO mulls new term, not retiring soon 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Isra'a Wal Miraj holiday announced in UAE 2017 UAE holidays Came with no passport, stayed 48 years Indian expat fired over social media abuse Anchor reads news of husband’s death United gets more social media trashing Massage card barrage frustrates residents Tough times ahead for Karama’s strip mall Drug mule with 115 pills in stomach held Close Recommended For You Rem Koolhaas’ first UAE project opens doors in DubaiPUBLISHED ON Apr 15, 2017 What’s next, will US bomb North Korea?PUBLISHED ON Apr 14, 2017 VAT in UAE: All you need to knowPUBLISHED ON Apr 13, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Thu, 30 March 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Boeing Expands Pilot Training Network with Three New Flight Scools Boeing has expanded its Pilot Development Program with three new schools. The flight schools – Avion Training, part of Avion Group in the Netherlands, International Airline Training Academy (IATA) in Napa, CA, and SAA International (SAA), a subsidiary of Velocity Education, in San Diego, CA – were subject to a rigorous review process before receiving final acceptance to be part of the Boeing Pilot Development Program network. “With these three top-tier schools, we are removing the burden of identifying and vetting potential schools for our customers,” said David Wright, Boeing Pilot Development Program director. “Customers can trust that Boeing has done the leg work so they can focus on what they do best – flying people and cargo around the world.” In order to be considered for the training network, schools must prove a good safety culture, have a good industry reputation and have airline and crew-focused training. “Boeing’s Pilot Development Program is built to provide customers with qualified first officers that seamlessly integrate into airline operations,” Wright said. “These three schools each bring unique characteristics to the industry to help fill the future pilot demand of Boeing’s diverse customer base.” Boeing will provide routine checks to ensure cadets are receiving Boeing’s high level of training. The Boeing Pilot Development Program is a fully integrated solution that takes cadet pilots through initial screening, English training, ab initio (basic classroom and flight instruction), jet bridge and type rating training at Boeing Training Providers and Boeing training campuses around the world to ensure an efficient, consistent and effective pipeline for airlines to secure qualified first officers. The 2016 Pilot and Technician Outlook projects a need for 617,000 new pilots in the next 20 years. That equates to a need for nearly 31,000 new commercial airline pilots and more than 33,000 new maintenance technicians globally each year. See other recent news regarding: Boeing, Pilots, Training. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Sport Tourism, HK7s and The Park Lane HK - HD Video Interview Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbusâ€™ BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotel Projects Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs for February Executive Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana to Codeshare Pegipegi Completes Integration with eRevMax Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Rugby Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site in Texas for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin, China SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo, Sri Lanka Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji in June SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting American Express Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April IHG Opens First Holiday Inn Hotel in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Airport Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus Show More Travel News AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights Hong Kong Teams Announced for HK7s Sabre Revamps GetThere Solution Qatar Airways Offers Free Laptop Loan; Cuts Wi-Fi Price to US$5 Korean Air and Delta to Form Joint Venture CWT Meeting &amp; Events Partners International SOS Binter Takes Delivery of First CRJ1000 Int. Tourists to EU-28 Reach Almost 500m in 2016 Latin America to Require 2,570 New Aircraft by 2035 Elbit Provide APAC Country with ISTAR Solution Jota Aviation Signs LOI for Third BAE Avro Jet Dusit Forms JV in Japan CityJet Orders Four More CRJ900 Aircraft Boeing Expands Pilot Training Network Need for Speed Propels Global 7000 to Mach 0.995 SAS Upgrades Inflight F&B Experience Exec Appointments at Australia's Mantra Group Elite Polo Players to Compete on Cable Beach in Australia Munich Airport Reports Record Numbers Honeywell to Update GoDirect Toolkit App GKN's Fokker Business Signed as ASP for Q400 Thailand Reports Q1 2017 Tourism Revenue IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures APAC Airlines Carried 24.2 Million Int. Passengers in February New Green Hotel - Aviary Bintaro - to Open Near Jakarta in May ibis Styles Hotel Opens in Makassar Cathay Pacific Partners Lufthansa Gulf Air Launches Flight Status Tool SAS Transfers Two London Heathrow Slots Outrigger Launches Best Rate Guarantee IATA: Canada Should Eliminate Crown Rents Minor Signs Avani Hotel in Ras Al Khaimah SALA Signs Second Luxury Samui Resort Emirates to Launch Daily A380 Flights to Nice UK MOD Awards Major Airport Security Contract Anna Pollock to Keynote Mekong Tourism Forum CS100 Performs Validation Tests at London City Airport Marriott Rewards During HKSevens Rugby Week 2017 Vipservice to Become CWT's Partner in Russia Smiths Detection Partners Duke University More Driverless Trains for Greater KL Cathay Pacific Launches Flights to Tel Aviv, Israel Emirates Launches A380 Flights to Tokyo, Casablanca and Sao Paulo Park Hyatt to Open in Jakarta, Indonesia Wyndham Signs First Grand Hotel in Belize Phuket's Top Female Chefs to Cook for Charity Dinner Emirates Launches Laptop Service for US Flights Schiphol to Upgrade Security with 24 HI-SCAN 10080 XCTs UNWTO Appoints Sustainable Tourism Ambassador Belmond Launches Mindfulness Cruises in Myanmar Etihad's US-Bound Pax Must Check-In Devices at Point of Origin Movenpick Signs Hotel & Apartments in Muscat ANZ to Operate B787-9 on Auckland - Adelaide Etihad Celebrates Graduation of 2,000th Flying Nanny A350-1000 Conducts High and Warm Flight Tests Crowne Plaza Launches Major Media Campaign Delta to Launch Daily JFK - Rio de Janeiro Hotels in Europe Report Feb RevPAR Increase Prototype Helicopter Receives Permit to Fly Edinburgh Airport Reports Record Numbers Virgin Australia to Launch Melbourne - Hong Kong Flights Rosewood Signs Hotel in Hoi An, Vietnam APAC Hotels Report Increase in OR, RevPAR Sunway Putra Hotel KL Appoints GM Finnair to Suspend Miami Flights; Reduce Chicago Morocco Partners Int. Year of Sustainable Tourism Exec Appointments at American Airlines Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Pop-Up Hotel Opens in Tel Aviv, Israel Bombardier Service Centres Earn FAA Diamond Awards Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Ryanair Takes Delivery of 450th B737-800 Malaysia Airlines Signs A350 Flight Training Deal Cyberbit Win Tech Leadership Award SpiceRoads Launches Family Cycling Tour of Vietnam Honeywell Signs Engine Deal with Dirgantara Indonesia Cobalt Air Appoints APG as GSA in Four Markets United Modernizes Screening at Newark US Hotels Report RevPAR Increase Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo SEA World's Fastest Growing Travel and Tourism Region First Autograph Collection Hotel Opens in China CX to Upgrade Perth Flights with A350 Saab Appoints New Head of Market - APAC Dirgantara Indonesia Delivers 50th H225 Rear Fuselage to Airbus Bars in HK Offer Special Discounts for HK7s Four Seasons Resort Hualalai Appoints GM Jet Airways and Jetstar Asia to Codeshare Redefine|BDL Hotels Eyes European Expansion Delta to Launch Chicago - Seattle Flights Bayat Hotel in Abha Appoints GM St. Regis Bali Appoints Director of MarComs BA Adds First English Sparkling White Wine to First Class Aircraft Recycling Int. Acquires UAM PortMiami Installs Dual-View X-Ray Screeners Penang to Upgrade Swettenham Pier Cruise Terminal Lee Gardens to be Part of World's Best Sevens Party Vietjet to Increase Bangkok - Chiang Mai Flights India's Jet Airways Partners Uber Airbus to Open Training Facility in India Fairmont Jakarta Appoints DOSM Boeing's 9th WGS Satellite Launched into Orbit Combat System Trainer Delivered to Navy in NZ Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama SITA Forms New Group to Address Airport Security Threats Boeing Signs $3.4b Contract for 268 AH-64E Apache Helicopters Hong Kong to Compete in Borneo Sevens Mantra Supports World Science Festival Brisbane Canada's New Safety Rules for Drones Air India to Launch Tel Aviv Flights Official Draw for Hong Kong Sevens 2017 British & Irish Lions Strengthens Coaching Team Tallink Expands Distribution with Hahn Air Lancaster London to Relaunch as Royal Lancaster London Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Pictures of Hong Kong Rugby Sevens 2017 Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Sport Tourism, HK7s and The Park Lane HK - HD Video Interview Tourists from China, France, Germany, UK and US World's Top Spenders Singapore Airlines and SilkAir to Codeshare with Air France-KLM FCS Launches Cloud-Based CosmoPMS Boeing 737 MAX 9 Completes First Flight Hong Kong to Face Fiji, Canada and Russia at Singapore Sevens Cathay Pacific Makes Changes to Senior Management Team Finnair Selects Fazer as Lounge Partner for Helsinki Airport Making a Difference: Korean Air Providing Relief Goods to Northern Peru Finnair to Take Control of Inflight Meals Diego Munoz to Introduce Peruvian Cuisine to Belmond Andean Explorer Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 First Large Sections of Airbus' BelugaXL Arrive in Toulouse Carlson Wagonlit Travel Appoints Chief Marketing Officer 2,611 Hotels Under Contract in APAC Air BP and RocketRoute Partner WingsOverAsia IATA Reports 8.4% Increase in FTKs Exec Appointments at Amadeus Hong Kong Airlines and Asiana Codeshare Pegipegi Completes eRevMax Integration Jiangsu Jet to Install Honeywell Systems on CRJ200s Norsk Titanium Signs Special Deal with Boeing Stuttgart Airport Installs Self-Service Bag Drop Hahn Air's HR-169 Tickets Available in Cuba New GM at Banjaran Hotsprings Retreat in Perak AccorHotels Acquires Availpro First Investor Group Buys Hotel in Dubai Accor Signs World's Largest Mercure Hotel Mantra Sydney Airport Hotel to Open June British Airways to Upgrade Travel Experience World's Best Sevens Teams in Singapore Zetta Jet Takes Delivery of Global 6000 Boeing Selects Site for Global Services HQ Worldhotels Appoints Christina Spykerman as EVP APAC Thai Airways to Codeshare with Bangkok Airways Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester Bombardier Opens Business Jet Service Centre in Tianjin SilkAir Launches Flights to Colombo Fiji Beat South Africa to Win 2017 HK7s A350-1000 Completes Noise Tests in Spain Emirates to Launch Double Daily Services to Bali, Indonesia Rugby: Scotland to Play in Singapore, Australia and Fiji SITAOnAir to Deliver Inflight Mobile 3.5G Connectivity New Management Structure for FCM Hilton Signs Six Hotels in Sri Lanka Aviation: Strong Pax Demand in February SITA Enhances Content on SIA's Mobile App Cebu Pacific Now Accepting AmEx Nobu Ryokan Malibu to Open 28 April First Holiday Inn Hotel Opens in Chennai Hotel Performance After Westminster Attack Nice Implements SITA's Airport Solution Airbus Develops New Forward Stairs Option for A380 IHG Signs Second Holiday Inn Express Hotel in New Zealand Four Points Opens in Melbourne's Docklands Chef Guillaume Galliot Joins Caprice at Four Seasons Hong Kong Amadeus to Facilitate Bus Travel Elbit and FAA to Research EFVS for Helicopters Saab to Upgrade A-SMGCS at Changi Hilton Appoints SVP - Luxury, Lifestyle, Resort and Corporate Development Sustainable Tourism Observatory of Sonoma Joins UNWTO INSTO Anantara Opens First Hotel in Europe Geven to Produce ATR's New Seats Sabre Travel Network Appoints VP Supplier Commerce APAC HKRU and Laureus Tackling Barriers Through Sport Airbus Launches Interiors Services Subsidiary Iran Aseman Airlines Signs MOA for 30 B737s Air Arabia Launches Flights to Baku, Azerbaijan Air Caraibes and French Blue to Upgrade IFE Honeywell Launches Lightweight Satellite Comms System SIAEC and Stratasys Sign MOU Louis Vuitton to Open Duplex Boutique at Changi Airport Ascott to Establish 5,000+ Citadines Units in Sao Paulo Movenpick Signs First Hotel in Ethiopia Airbus and SITA to Provide Cybersecurity Services Scoot Renews Distribution Deal with Amadeus AccorHotels Acquires VeryChic MIAT Mongolian Airlines to Lease Two B737s Klaus Goersch Resigns from Air Canada Cigna Becomes an Official Sponsor of HK7s US$2.2b Boeing Contract Funds P-8 Aircraft for AU, UK & US Dusit Signs D2 Hotel on Chaengwattana, Nonthaburi Ascott Opens in Marunouchi, Tokyo Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Siem Reap Flights Samoa and Tonga Rugby Sevens Teams Help Shark Conservation Jet Airways Launches Chandigarh - Jaipur Flights Swiss-Belhotel Takes Over Hotel in Indonesia Boeing 787-10 Begins Test Flights Hong Kong Teams Announced for HK7s Sabre Revamps GetThere Solution Qatar Airways Offers Free Laptop Loan; Cuts Wi-Fi Price Korean Air and Delta to Form Joint Venture CWT Meeting &amp; Events Partners International SOS Binter Takes Delivery of First CRJ1000 Int. Tourists to EU-28 Reach Almost 500m Latin America to Require 2,570 New Aircraft by 2035 Elbit Provide APAC Country with ISTAR Solution Jota Aviation Signs LOI for Third BAE Avro Jet Dusit Forms JV in Japan CityJet Orders Four More CRJ900 Aircraft Boeing Expands Pilot Training Network Need for Speed Propels Global 7000 to Mach 0.995 SAS Upgrades Inflight F&B Experience Exec Appointments at Australia's Mantra Group Elite Polo Players to Compete on Cable Beach in Australia Munich Airport Reports Record Numbers Honeywell to Update GoDirect Toolkit App GKN's Fokker Business Signed as ASP for Q400 Thailand Reports Q1 2017 Tourism Revenue IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Tickets for Singapore 7s on StubHub Air Astana Offering Free Expo Tickets Mekhong Wins King's Cup Elephant Polo Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Why Are Panama Hats So Famous? Interview with MonPanama Elephant Conservation in Thailand - Interview Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Friday, April 14, 2017  |  Rajab 17, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing 737 MAX 8 airliner completes its first flight last year. The plane maker says if airlines place orders for its planned MAX 10X, it could start building them in 2020. Stephen Brashear / AFP Boeing’s stretched MAX jetliner depends on orders April 13, 2017 Updated: April 13, 2017 03:24 PM Related Boeing’s space taxi to ferry passengers into orbit by 2019 Boeing to 3D-print Dreamliner parts Boeing 737 fleet to form Norwegian carrier’s new Argentina unit Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies Related Boeing’s space taxi to ferry passengers into orbit by 2019 Boeing to 3D-print Dreamliner parts Boeing 737 fleet to form Norwegian carrier’s new Argentina unit Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies Boeing could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle today, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. "We’ll determine [the delivery date] when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said. "Sales teams are out meeting with customers today." The 737 MAX 10X has a body 167 centimetres longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Mr Teal said the MAX10X landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won’t hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Mr Teal said. He did not specify at what date MAX 10x deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India’s SpiceJet and Jet Airways as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. * Bloomberg business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation United Airlines succeeds in unifying online outrage Investigation launched after Qantas mid-flight incident injures 15 Air France-KLM teams up with Singapore Airlines to boost Asia network Boeing’s stretched MAX jetliner depends on orders MOST VIEWED Business | All The second-richest Arab in the world is an Emirati First Abu Dhabi Bank confirms job losses All the latest on VAT: A thorough overview and some advice for business Two dream Abu Dhabi villas on Nurai Island to tempt the wealthy – in pictures Mediclinic profitability pulled down by Abu Dhabi changes Emirates trolls beleaguered United Airlines boss Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ UAE release date revealed, comes with Etihad flight discount Apple store to open in The Dubai Mall on April 27 Emirates hits back at United Airlines for mistreatment of passenger - video More Most Viewed Gems announce plans to merge two Dubai schools The second-richest Arab in the world is an Emirati Fire breaks out in Bur Dubai building UAE and Papua New Guinea set for two T20 matches on same day to conclude series US drops largest non-nuclear bomb on ISIL in Afghanistan Diego Forlan: Barcelona face another great escape but Juventus will not make same mistakes as PSG US drops ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ on ISIL in Afghanistan – video UAE public appeal to identify man who has lost his memory in car crash Dubai school merger plan met with mixed feelings from parents Dubai Ruler and Abu Dhabi Crown Prince tour space centre More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought: There’s nothing flowery about the renewables bidding bubble Tipping in the UAE: Some are more equal than others Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT UAE public appeal to identify man who has lost his memory in car crash Aldar closes in on early completion of Abu Dhabi projects Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports All-America Economic Survey My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Business Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank 19 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Paul J. Richards | AFP | Getty Images The building in Washington, D.C. that houses the Export-Import Bank. President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing and General Electric, which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enable them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank's acting chairman, Charles CJ Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and Caterpillar CEO Mark Sutton, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in a statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand, United States Steel, and Pfizer, cheered the move. Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump's vocal support for the bank, said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im's corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses, he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GE ---
Friday, April 14, 2017  |  Rajab 17, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Delta Air Lines is reconsidering its $14bn order for Airbus A350s and A330neos. Wolfgang Kumm / AFP Major Airbus wide-body jet order at risk April 13, 2017 Updated: April 13, 2017 02:46 PM Related Airbus A380 without ‘cruise line staircase’ offered to airlines Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies ‘Ghost’ jumbo jets spur rattled Boeing’s risky plan Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines Related Airbus A380 without ‘cruise line staircase’ offered to airlines Boeing’s biggest Dreamliner yet takes to the skies ‘Ghost’ jumbo jets spur rattled Boeing’s risky plan Widebody Airbus or Boeing jetliners a target for Malaysia Airlines Airbus’ expansion into Boeing’s home market faces a potential setback as Delta Air Lines reviews a US$14 billion purchase of the European plane maker’s two-newest wide-body models. The Atlanta-based carrier is studying its twin-aisle orders amid signs the long-range travel market is saturated, said Ed Bastian, Delta’s chief executive. While he did not name Airbus, Delta has no twin-aisle orders pending with Boeing, according to the US company’s online database. Word of the review intensified concerns that demand for long-haul planes is weakening as a long jet-buying binge draws to close. American Airlines last year deferred its order for Airbus A350 jets, while United Airlines said it may swap its purchase for smaller planes. "It definitely contributes to what’s been a building caution, or wall of worry around the wide-body market," said Ken Herbert, an aerospace analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Airbus out-fought Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 Airbus A350s later this year. They are intended to replace the Boeing 747 jumbo jets that once shuttled Delta’s passengers to Asia. The airline had also ordered 25 of Airbus’s A330neo, which has yet to fly, as a replacement for its oldest Boeing 767 planes. "We continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry as a whole," Bastian said. "We continue to look internally as to what that means for Delta," he said, adding that the airline is in discussions with plane makers. "You could anticipate some reductions, I think, broadly over the next several years," he said. Mary Anne Greczyn, a spokeswoman for Airbus, said: "It’s not appropriate for us to comment on our customers’ internal analyses. However, as a leading aircraft manufacturer, Airbus continually engages our customers around the world to help optimise their fleet needs." The prospect of Delta postponing or cancelling the wide-body order adds to the uncertainty over Airbus’ efforts to make inroads in the United States with its next-generation models. Such moves "would not be welcome by Airbus, especially from one of the Big Three US airlines where its wide-body market penetration is not particularly strong", said the aviation consultant Scott Hamilton. Delta’s latest review does not necessarily mean Airbus will lose business, Mr Hamilton said. The airline could defer orders to a schedule that better fits its demand forecast. It could also shift the mix to other models such as a lighter-weight regional A330 or narrow-body A321neo, he said. The carrier is thought to be considering issuing a request for proposals for single-aisle aircraft that would pit Boeing’s 737 Max against Airbus’s A320neo family, Mr Hamilton said. Delta will also need a mid-market aircraft, such as the regional A330 or the so-called 797 under consideration at Boeing. "At face value, the Delta statement might seem alarming," he said by email. "But as so often becomes the case, the ‘review’ may not be what it seems." In December, Delta scrapped a longstanding order for 18 Boeing 787 Dreamliners that it inherited in its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. At the time, the airline said the decision was consistent with the need "to prudently address our wide-body aircraft needs". * Bloomberg business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation United Airlines succeeds in unifying online outrage Investigation launched after Qantas mid-flight incident injures 15 Air France-KLM teams up with Singapore Airlines to boost Asia network Boeing’s stretched MAX jetliner depends on orders MOST VIEWED Business | All The second-richest Arab in the world is an Emirati First Abu Dhabi Bank confirms job losses All the latest on VAT: A thorough overview and some advice for business Two dream Abu Dhabi villas on Nurai Island to tempt the wealthy – in pictures Mediclinic profitability pulled down by Abu Dhabi changes Emirates trolls beleaguered United Airlines boss Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ UAE release date revealed, comes with Etihad flight discount Emirates hits back at United Airlines for mistreatment of passenger - video Apple store to open in The Dubai Mall on April 27 More Most Viewed Gems announce plans to merge two Dubai schools The second-richest Arab in the world is an Emirati UAE and Papua New Guinea set for two T20 matches on same day to conclude series US drops largest non-nuclear bomb on ISIL in Afghanistan Fire breaks out in Bur Dubai building Diego Forlan: Barcelona face another great escape but Juventus will not make same mistakes as PSG US drops ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ on ISIL in Afghanistan – video Dubai school merger plan met with mixed feelings from parents All the latest on VAT: A thorough overview and some advice for business UAE public appeal to identify man who has lost his memory in car crash More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought: There’s nothing flowery about the renewables bidding bubble Tipping in the UAE: Some are more equal than others Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT UAE public appeal to identify man who has lost his memory in car crash Aldar closes in on early completion of Abu Dhabi projects Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Anti-Drone Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Global Anti-Drone Market In this report, The Global Anti-Drone Market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Global Anti-Drone market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including The Boeing Company Airbus Group SE SAAB AB Thales Group Lockheed Martin Corporation Israel Aerospace Industries Selex Es S. P. A. Blighter Surveillance Systems Droneshield Raytheon Company Request  Sample Copy@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1183904-global-anti-drone-market-research-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Anti-Drone in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Detection System Detection and Disruption On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Anti-Drone for each application, including Military and Defense Commercial Homeland Security To enquire about this report visit @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1183904-global-anti-drone-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents-Key Points Covered Global Anti-Drone Market Research Report 2017 1 Anti-Drone Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Anti-Drone 1.2 Anti-Drone Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Anti-Drone Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Anti-Drone Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Detection System 1.2.4 Detection and Disruption 1.3 Global Anti-Drone Segment by Application 1.3.1 Anti-Drone Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Military and Defense 1.3.3 Commercial 1.3.4 Homeland Security 1.4 Global Anti-Drone Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Anti-Drone Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Anti-Drone (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Anti-Drone Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Anti-Drone Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ……… 7 Global Anti-Drone Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis  7.1 The Boeing Company 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 The Boeing Company Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Airbus Group SE 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Airbus Group SE Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 SAAB AB 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 SAAB AB Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Thales Group 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Thales Group Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Israel Aerospace Industries 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Israel Aerospace Industries Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Selex Es S. P. A. 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Selex Es S. P. A. Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Blighter Surveillance Systems 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Blighter Surveillance Systems Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Droneshield 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Droneshield Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Raytheon Company 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Anti-Drone Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Raytheon Company Anti-Drone Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued….. Buy Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1183904 Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)        CategoriesUncategorized TagsAnti-Drone, Anti-Drone Global Market, Anti-Drone Market, Anti-Drone Market Analysis, Anti-Drone Market Consumption, Anti-Drone Market Cost, Anti-Drone Market Forecast, Anti-Drone Market Growth, Anti-Drone Market Manufacturer, Anti-Drone Market Parameters, Anti-Drone Market Revenue, Anti-Drone Market Share, Anti-Drone Market Trend, Google News, satPRnews, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rising Employment Opportunities Of Remittance Market Analysis & Outlook (2015-2020) Next PostNext Increasing Disposable Income and Rising Replacement Demand Of Radiation Therapy Market: Industry Analysis & Outlook (2017-2021) Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170414,,-1,AR). The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170414,,-1,AR). Contact us Subscriptions eEdition Tips Ads Ad Circulars WEATHER SPONSOR All Sections Home + News More In + News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Health Outdoors Ski Conditions Ski Conditions Politics Voters First Public Safety Real Estate Religion Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War UnionLeaderAutos + Politics More In + Politics Politics Voters First Local & County Government State Government City Hall Granite Status State House Dome + Business More In + Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty + A&E More In + A&E Music + Sports More In + Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions + Opinion More In + Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy + Food More In + Food Restaurant reviews Menu guide Food & Wine events + Lifestyle More In + Lifestyle Things To Do About NH Arts & Entertainment Celebrities and people Contests NH Weekend Pets and animals Press Releases Social announcements Travel Obits Jobs Real Estate + Index More In + Index News Sports News A&E Politics Business Sports Opinion Obits Photos Jobs Homes Crime Police: Man fled after school burglary, run-in with custodian A man claiming to be a music teacher allegedly broke a window at the Barnard School Thursday night, stole instruments and other equipment from a music room, and then led police on a pursuit that... More Headlines Judge: DCYF confidentiality claim pure self-interest, meant to bar public scrutiny Bones found in Kingston likely woman who died in 1895 More in News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Environment   Saint-Gobain/PFOA Health History Human Interest Politics Public Safety Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War Weather High School Sports High School Baseball: Pitching by the numbers NHIAA baseball teams have always found it difficult to find or develop quality pitching. The task becomes no easier this season with the implementation of a pitch-count rule. More Headlines Rask, Marchand lift Bruins to win in playoff opener Mancini (2 HRs) leads Orioles in 17-hit rout of Red Sox More in Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions Business SNHU pulls advertising from 'The O'Reilly Factor' Southern New Hampshire University said it pulled its advertising from Bill O'Reilly's Fox News TV show after receiving requests from students. More Headlines China trade surplus with U.S. rises to $17.74b in March In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive Export-Import Bank More in Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty Editorials Pot possession: Less than a speeding ticket? Marijuana advocates pushing to decriminalize the drug argue that young people should not have their prospects ruined because of one mistake. War powers: Congress should take back authority In 1973, Congress overrode President Richard Nixon's veto of the War Powers Resolution. Ending 'addiction': A crisis by any other name The language we use to talk about an issue frames the way we think about that issue. More Headlines John Stossel: Warrior Trump George Will: What the Freedom Caucus stands for More in Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy Local & County Government Mayor wants Sununu Youth Center to house drug program Mayor Ted Gatsas said Wednesday he is speaking to state leaders about opening an inpatient substance abuse treatment program for adolescents at the under-used Sununu Youth Center in the North End of... More Headlines Dan Tuohy's Granite Status: White House looks to promote policy agenda in NH Food stamp reform under fire at State House hearing More in Politics Politics Local & County Government State Government Voters First City Hall Granite Status State House Dome Welcome guest, you have 3 views left.  Register| Sign In The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170414,,-1,AR). Post or View Comments  Weekend 'Top 10' Planner: April 14-16, 2017 Whew! It's been a long wait for winter to pass this year. It's no longer cold outside (for the most part) and spring is blooming with events across the Granite State. From Keene to Berlin to... Thursday: Celtic Woman Thursday, 7 p.m. BrewTopia Friday, 7 p.m. 7th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival Friday, 7 p.m. Combat Zone MMA 61 'Resurrection' Saturday, 6 p.m. An Evening of Dance Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Golden Dragon Cirque Friday, 7:30 p.m. Country Jamboree, Glory Days of Country Saturday, 7 p.m. Saturday Night Fever Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Saturday, 2 p.m. NHTI Comedy Night with Jimmy Dunn Friday, 7:30 p.m. ParkKIDS Movie: Popeye Cartoon Festival Saturday, 10:30 a.m. Easter Egg Hunts All Weekend Def Leppard, Poison and Tesla Saturday, 7 p.m. Illusionist Rick Thomas Friday, 7:30 p.m. 1 2 3 4 5 5 Thursday: Celtic Woman Thursday, 7 p.m. BrewTopia Friday, 7 p.m. 7th Annual Wild & Scenic Film Festival Friday, 7 p.m. Combat Zone MMA 61 'Resurrection' Saturday, 6 p.m. An Evening of Dance Friday-Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Outdoors / Travel Franconia Notch State Park and White Mountain National Forest getting ready for visitors   0    PUBLISHED - 6:51 pm 4/10 'North Woods' officers hope the show will get a second season   4    PUBLISHED - 9:49 pm 4/08 Two big events this month for NH tourism    0    PUBLISHED - 6:34 pm 4/08 Dick Pinney's Guide Lines: Moosehead Lake fishing better than in decades    0    PUBLISHED - 11:15 pm 4/08 People & Lifestyles NH Club Notes: NH State Grange plans Grange Month celebration   0    PUBLISHED - 12:44 am 4/13 Dyeing eggs for Easter? Skip the shaving cream    0    PUBLISHED - 8:43 pm 4/11 NH Senior Notes: Spring Walk for Your Health series to begin    0    PUBLISHED - 8:06 pm 4/09 Three religious holidays converge    0    PUBLISHED - 9:10 pm 4/08 Entertainment Circus troupe shares kitchen acrobatics, along with some banana bread    0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Celtic Woman brings ‘Voices of Angels’ to Queen City   0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Get out the polyester and platform shoes at Manchester's Palace Theatre    0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 A trio of musical shows across NH   0    PUBLISHED - 12:58 pm 4/12 Dining & Food Janine Gilbertson's Granite Kitchen: A few easy add-ons for Easter    0 Our Gourmet: A cozy, rewarding Italian experience in Concord   0    PUBLISHED - 8:43 pm 4/11 Tasting Notes with Jim Beauregard: A rich read for the beer enthusiast    0    PUBLISHED - 8:41 pm 4/11    Full Site    Mobile Site © Copyright 2017 Union Leader Corporation. All rights reserved. Tags Auctions Bedford Common Core Contests Crime Derry Hooksettt Londonderry Manchester Market Basket Business Education Northern Pass Our Gourmet Primary - 2016 Property Transfers Scott Brown SNHU UNH Wind power Winter Fun NEWS Animals Business Ask the Expert 40 Under Forty Crime Education Newspapers in Education Energy Health History Legacy Awards Politics   Voters First   Granite Status   State House Dome   City Hall Public safety Real Estate Religion Science/Tech Social Issues   Aging in NH Special Sections Transportation   Autos   unionleaderautos.com Veterans War Weather SPORTS Golf Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA College Sports columns Fisher Cats High School Monarchs Motor sports Patriots/NFL Red Sox/MLB ANNOUNCEMENTS Anniversary Birth Engagement Wedding Obituaries  Obituary policy  Memorial Bookmarks PHOTO GALLERIES Buy photos Buy page reprint OPINION Editorials Op-eds Editorial Cartoons Letters to Editor LOCAL VOICES City Matters Dick Pinney Grant Bosse Looking Back Publisher's Notes Scene in Manchester Nature Talks CLASSIFIEDS Automotive Employment ads Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services PLACE CLASSIFIED NEWHAMPSHIRE.com Arts & Entertainment Events Food  Our Gourmet Life & Culture NH People Outdoors Ski Conditions Travel & Tourism Winter Fun SERVICES Contact Us Subscriptions Newsletter Signup Where to buy Union Leader Mobile options Santa Fund Advertising Send a news tip! Advanced Search Newsletters signup Union Leader jobs
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, April 14, 2017 2:58 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying, says senior exec Thursday April 13, 2017 03:14 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Can this edible membrane replace water bottles? Hamilton backs fellow Briton Jensen Button to replace Alonso Child marriages in Malaysia: What you should know Police say no explosives found at Samsung Life Seoul hq after search Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner. — Reuters picSYDNEY, April 13 ― Boeing Co could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said today. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle yesterday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle today, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE  A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. “We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane,” he said on a conference call with reporters. “Sales teams are out meeting with customers today.” He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. “We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year,” he said. “All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production.” The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Ringgit opens higher on buying sentiment Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business Bursa opens lower on lack of fresh leads Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer Malaysian-based I Synergy puts expansion plan in place Petronas pitches RM4.4b offshore gas project stake to oil firms, sources say Demand for Malaysian palm oil set to rebound, says Council Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: SUVs take over New York auto show Reuters Video: United passenger suffered concussion, broken nose, says lawyer Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Former ambassador surprised by fast Trump Syria decision Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Boeing gets 1,880 union workers to take voluntary layoffs Singapore Airlines to buy 39 Boeing planes worth US$13.8b Malaysia banks on aerospace sector to attract foreign investments Overseas ambitions, bumper plane orders test Vietnam’s ‘bikini airline’ India’s SpiceJet to buy Boeing planes worth US$22b Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List N03 Tanjung Datu By-Election BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS Boeing Flying High On 3,700 Orders For 737 Max Aircraft KUALA LUMPUR, April 13 (Bernama) -- Boeing Commercial Airplanes is confident that its 737 Max programme will thrive on some 3,700 firm orders received from 86 global customers to date. Vice President/Chief Project Engineer and Deputy Program Manager of the 737 MAX Programme, Michael Teal said the new aircraft was the fastest selling in Boeing's history. "The new range, 737 MAX 7, 737 MAX 8, 737 MAX 9 and 737 MAX 10X, are doing very well in the market, and we expect more orders soon, given the fact that the new aircraft can fly further and faster at a lower maintenance cost," Teal told a telephone conference with Asia-Pacific media on the Boeing 737 Max programme here today. The MAX 8 is expected to be the best selling model, making up between 75 to 80 per cent of orders as the seat cost was eight per cent lower and had a bigger passenger capacity, he said, adding, these criteria would appeal to low-cost carriers. Boeing completed flight testing for the MAX 8 in February this year, received amended type certification from the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in March and poised for its first delivery in May. Teal said the highest range in the programme, the MAX 10X, had been of interest to customers from China as it offered the best single-aisle cost per seat in the airline industry. "We are already working with our potential customers and the MAX 10X will be ready for delivery by 2020, depending on demand from the industry," he added. On maintenance cost, Teal said the goal is to sustain the same pricing with the Boeing Next-Generation 737 programme, but there might be a small difference of between US$1 and US$2 per hour, given its larger engine. "However, this can be offset with the aircraft's ability to reduce fuel consumption by up to 20 per cent when compared to the Next-Generation 737," he added. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Crown Prince Naruhito States Desire To Enhance Cooperation With PERMATA Najib Wishes Happy New Year To Indian Community Crown Prince Naruhito Pays Tribute To Malaysia's Fallen Heroes Other News Headlines Kit Siang Scared Of Declaring Leadership Position - Salleh- politic Perodua Bezza Wins 'Malaysia Car Of The Year' Award- business Beach Volleyball World Tour Can Further Promote Langkawi - Azizan- sports Searching For Landmines In The Jungles Of Bauchet- features US Massive Bomb Kills 37 Daesh Militants In Afghan Province- world Most Read News Najib's Visit Proves Govt Commitment On Welfare Of Soldiers PKR Youth Leader Under Five-day Remand Over MACC Probe Crown Prince Naruhito States Desire To Enhance Cooperation With PERMATA Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2017 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com
04142017Headline: New Research – Global Diagnostic Ultrasound Devices Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports 8 mins ago Worldwide Survey: Portable Oxygen Therapy Systems Market 2017 to 2022 – Size, Share, analysis,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports 11 mins ago Recent Release : Global E-waste Recycling Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Global Resuscitation Ventilators Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports 21 mins ago Worldwide Erucamide Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports 28 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Report On Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021- Acute Market Reports Global Report On Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021- Acute Market Reports April 13, 2017 | by Anurag | WinterGreen Research announces that it has published a new study Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021. Next generation commercial drones achieve a complete replacement of existing commercial airfreight delivery systems, they are used for 3D mapping, commercial pipeline observation, border patrol, package delivery, photography, and agriculture are more energy efficient, last longer and have a significantly lower cost of operation than manned aircraft. Drones markets promise to grow significantly because of the more economical visualization and navigation provided by systems. Visualization includes mapping from the air, inspection from the air, surveillance from the air, and package delivery from the air. The unmanned aircraft equipped with cameras are able to do things that cannot be done in any other way. This bodes well for market development. Unmanned aircraft systems promise to achieve a more significant aspect of commercial market presence. Army Unmanned Aircraft Systems flying of 3 million flight hours gives drones market credibility. Eighty eight percent of those hours were logged in combat situations in Iraq and Afghanistan, paving the way for commercial drone markets to develop. Quantities of fielded systems increase as application usefulness increases. Police departments, the oil and gas industry, border patrol, and utilities are all using commercial drones. Units are used for agriculture. Vendors continue to improve the capabilities of these drone aircraft as more air miles are logged. Their ability to support the commercial endeavors is increasing. Unmanned aircraft have fundamentally changed the accuracy of utility and oil and gas inspections. They are set to fundamentally change how agriculture is conducted. Japan and Australia have been using drones in agriculture since the 1980s. Worldwide markets are evolving for several compelling applications. High value crops are a target of agricultural robotic development. What could be tastier than a strawberry, perfectly formed, and perfectly ripened? New agricultural robots are able to improve the delivery of consistent quality food, and to implement efficiency in managing food production. For Complete Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market Strawberries are a high profit crop. A new generation of drones has just been born. Strawberry spraying with the world’s most advanced technology is able to give maximum performance to a farm. Harvesting robots can use pictures from drones to optimize the productivity of the farming business by determining fruit ripeness from the air. Growers can get the best results in a berry farm using automated process. Automated picking collection systems improve labor productivity, give speed and agility to harvest operations. The robotic platforms are capable of site-specific spraying. The capability is targeted spraying only on foliage and selected targets. It can be used for selective harvesting of fruit. The robots detect the fruit, sense its ripeness, then move to grasp and softly detach only ripe fruit. Drone commercial uses will provide billions of dollars in economic growth. Centers of excellence are evolving worldwide. For the most part, open-use policies are in effect worldwide. Except in the US, Drones are currently mostly banned in the US. The US is more restrictive, it could take months, even years before the FAA offers preliminary guidelines on the commercial use of unmanned aircraft systems Commercial drones are set to build highways in the sky. The market will only evolve past the early adopter stage after the industry finds ways to build navigation infrastructure that is safe and that works. Roads in the sky will create altitude differences that function as bridges to separate the drones from each other when they are flying at angles to each other. This type of navigation needs to be defined by industry standards groups, much as the software industry has been able to develop industry stands that provide the base for a market, so also, the commercial drone manufacturers need to come together with representatives from each company and from all the governments to decide on the highways in the sky. Another aspect of commercial drone markets is the safety issue. If drones become so prevalent that they fall out of the sky on people or homes, this becomes a problem for the people hit or the people who own the homes that are destroyed. As the air crashes from so long ago in the 1920’s to yesterday illustrate, people are deterred from commercial drone use by air crashes. Crashes can virtually destroy what is promising to be a burgeoning industry of commercial drones. The drone industry is going to need to find a way to prevent injuries on the ground before anyone will support the burgeoning industry in any significant way. In unpopulated areas like to Alaskan oil fields oil pipelines, and utility high wires, there is plenty of space for the drones to make a market. In vast agricultural land areas, drones promise to be able to be used without any danger to humans. The drones create new uses for automated process. The drones are less expensive than manned vehicles and more useful. They are useful in agricultural applications where the cameras are able to do spotting in a manner that is more efficient than the humans can do. Unmanned aircraft systems are achieving a level of relatively early maturity. Fleets of unmanned aircraft systems have begun to evolve. The U.S. Army has achieved one million flight hours for its unmanned aircraft systems fleet. Unmanned aerial systems have good handling characteristics. UAS units are designed to perform high-speed, long-endurance, more covert, multi-mission intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) and precision-strike missions over land or sea. Drone units feature a variety of internal loads, including 2,000 lb payload, an Electro-optical/Infrared (EO/IR) sensor, and an all-weather GA-ASI Lynx® synthetic aperture radar/ground moving target indicator (SAR/GMTI), maximizing long loiter capabilities. UAS offers the business persistent situational awareness and mission affordability. For the cost of one manned fighter aircraft, multiple-swarm configured units can cover an area of interest, providing 24/7 ISR coverage, target identification, neutralization, mission flexibility, and attrition tolerance. Some drone UAS have the capability to support manned aircraft missions if desired. For Complete Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market Table Es-1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems Functions Have good range Have good remote handling characteristics designed to perform high-speed missions Have long-endurance Achieve covert operations Provide unmanned multi-mission intelligence Provide unmanned multi-mission surveillance Provide unmanned multi-mission reconnaissance (ISR) Achieve precision-strike missions Work over land Work over sea Drones markets promise to grow significantly because of the better visualization provided by systems. Visualization includes mapping from the air, inspection from the air, surveillance from the air, and package delivery from the air. The unmanned aircraft equipped with cameras are able to do things that cannot be done in any other way. This bodes well for market development. Unmanned aircraft systems promise to achieve a more significant aspect of commercial market presence. Army Unmanned Aircraft Systems flying of 3 million flight hours gives drones market credibility. Eighty eight percent of those hours were logged in combat situations in Iraq and Afghanistan. According to Susan Eustis, leader of the team that prepared the study, â€œQuantities of fielded systems increase. Police departments, the oil and gas industry, border patrol, and utilities are all using commercial drones. Units are used for agriculture. Vendors continue to improve the capabilities of these drone aircraft. Their ability to support the commercial endeavors is increasing. Unmanned aircraft have fundamentally changed the accuracy of utility and oil and gas inspections. They are set to fundamentally change how agriculture is conducted.â€ Unmanned aerial systems (UAS) markets at $609 million in 2014 are forecast to reach $4.8 billion dollars, worldwide by 2021. This is a sizable market growth with oil and gas mapping, utility line inspection, package delivery, and agricultural applications accounting for virtually all the unit sales. Drones can provide more information at less cost than a human inspection team can. Market Leaders Lockheed Martin Textron Boeing / Insitu Northrop Grumman Draganflyer AeroVironment Market Participants AeroVironment ASN Technologies Aurora Flight BAE Systems Boeing Challis UAV Inc. China Aerospace Draganflyer Finmeccanica General Atomics Google Integrated Dynamics L-3 Communications Laser Motive Lockheed Martin Marcus UAV MMist Northrop Grumman Parrot/senseFly Proxy Technologies Scaled Composites Schiebel Textroni For Same Category Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/automotive-market Commercial Drones, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Executive Summary 33 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 33 Commercial Drone UAS Challenges 39 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 40 Commercial Drone Infrastructure Standards 44 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 45 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 47 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Total Forecasts 48 1. Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Description and Market Dynamics 50 1.1 Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Description 50 1.1.1 US FAA Issues 51 1.1.2 Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) 52 1.2 Pre-Position UASs in Key Strategic Locations 52 1.2.1 Maritime Air Take-Off and Landing: 53 1.2.2 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Aerial Refueling 53 1.2.3 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Enhanced Capability and Payloads 53 1.2.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Enhanced Resilience 55 1.2.5 Small and Micro-UASs 55 1.2.6 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Perimeter Surveillance 56 1.2.7 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UASs) Surveillance 56 1.3 Georeferenced Imagery 58 1.3.1 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Traffic Monitoring 59 1.3.2 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Agriculture Mapping 60 1.3.3 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Homeland Security 61 1.3.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) for Scientific Research 63 1.4 Globalization and Technology 65 1.4.1 Proliferation of Conventional Military Technologies 65 1.4.2 UASs General Roles 65 1.5 Border Patrol: 66 1.6 Development Of Lighter Yet More Powerful Power Sources For UASs 67 2. Commercial Drones, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares and Forecasts 68 2.1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 68 2.1.1 UAS Challenges 74 2.1.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 75 2.1.3 Commercial Drone Infrastructure Standards 78 2.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 79 2.2.1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 83 2.2.2 BP and AeroVironment Launch FAA-Approved, Commercial Unmanned Aircraft Operations 84 For Full Toc Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market 2.2.3 AeroVironment’s Extensive Operational Track Record 86 2.2.4 AeroVironment $11.2 Million Order for Raven Unmanned Aircraft Systems and Services 86 2.2.5 Textron /AAI 87 2.2.6 Textron Shadow® 90 2.2.7 Aurora Flight Sciences Odysseus Solar-Powered Aircraft 91 2.2.8 Insitu 91 2.2.9 Draganflyer X4 UAV 92 2.2.10 Boeing Insitu 92 2.2.11 DRS Unmanned Technologies Ground Control Stations 93 2.2.12 Proxy Aviation Systems 93 2.2.13 Northrop Grumman Bat 3 93 2.2.14 General Atomics Predator® UAS 94 2.2.15 General Atomics Predator® B UAS 96 2.2.16 Border Patrol / Law Enforcement Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 97 2.2.17 Package Delivery Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares, 98 2.2.18 Google Package Delivery 99 2.2.19 Utility and Pipeline Inspection Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 100 2.2.20 Agricultural Inspection and Planting Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 104 2.2.21 Yamaha RMAX 106 2.2.22 Photography and Videography Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 109 2.3 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 110 2.3.1 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Total Forecasts 111 2.3.2 Small Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 114 2.3.1 Mid-Size Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 117 2.3.1 Small and Mid Size Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems 120 2.3.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Forecasts by Sector 121 2.3.3 Commercial Drone UAS Wing Based Subsegments 131 2.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems Payloads 131 2.4.1 Composites Key to UAV Utility 132 2.5 Unmanned Airplane Regional Market Analysis 133 2.5.1 U.S Accounts for 73 Percent Of The Worldwide Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) Spending On UAV Technology 135 2.5.2 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Industry Regional Summary 136 2.5.3 UAS Marketplace Moving Target 138 2.5.4 China 138 3. Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Product Description 139 3.1 AeroVironment 139 3.1.1 BP and AeroVironment Launch FAA-Approved, Commercial Unmanned Aircraft Operations 139 3.1.2 AeroVironment and Commercial UAV 144 3.1.3 AeroVironment AV’s Family of Small UAS 146 3.1.4 AeroVironment Raven 147 3.2 Textron Aerosonde 148 3.2.1 Textron / Aerosonde AAI Services 151 3.2.2 Textron Systems AAI 153 3.2.3 Textron Systems AAI RQ-7B Shadow® Tactical UAS Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) 154 3.2.4 Textron Systems AAI Shadow® Tactical Unmanned Aircraft System (TUAS) 155 3.2.5 AAI Shadow 400 Unmanned Aircraft Deployed With Allied Naval Forces 156 3.2.6 Textron Systems AAI Shadow 600 System 157 3.2.7 Textron 158 3.2.8 Textron Shadow® Reconnaissance, Surveillance 160 3.2.9 Textron Shadow® M2 162 3.2.10 Textron UAS Support 163 3.2.11 Textron UAS Training 165 3.2.12 Textron Systems AAI Ground Control Stations 166 3.2.13 Textron Systems AAI Remote Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Terminals 167 3.2.14 Textron Systems AAI / Aerosonde® 169 3.2.15 Textron Systems AAI and Aeronautics Orbiter™ 169 3.2.16 Textron Systems AAI Ground Control Stations 170 3.2.17 Textron Systems AAI Remote Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Terminals 170 3.2.18 Textron Systems AAI One System Remote Video Terminal 171 3.2.19 Textron Systems AAI Tactical Sensor Intelligence Sharing System 171 3.2.20 Textron Systems Wasp Micro Air Vehicle (MAV) 173 3.2.21 Textron Systems Homeland Security 173 3.2.22 Nano Air Vehicle 177 3.3 Boeing 178 3.3.1 Boeing A160 Hummingbird Helicopter 178 3.3.2 Boeing Condor Unmanned Aerial Vehicle 180 3.3.3 Boeing ScanEagle Small Footprint UAS Solutions 181 3.4 BAE Systems 187 3.4.1 BAE Systems Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) 187 3.4.2 BAE Systems Compact Rotary Wing/UAV LDRF 188 3.4.3 BAE Systems Herti 188 3.4.4 BAE Systems Image Collection and Exploitation (ICE) Sensor Management System 190 3.4.5 BAE Systems Mantis 192 3.4.6 BAE Systems MIM500™ Series of Uncooled Infrared Camera Cores 196 3.4.7 BAE Systems Taranis 199 3.4.8 BAE Systems Taranis – Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV) 200 3.4.9 BAE Systems Telemos 201 Request For The Free Sample: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/35396 3.5 Aurora Flight Sciences Hale 203 3.5.1 Aurora SKATE – Small Unmanned Aircraft System 203 3.5.2 Aurora’s Advanced Concepts: SunLight Eagle – Green Flight 204 3.5.3 Aurora’s Excalibur 204 3.5.4 Aurora GoldenEye 80 – Small, Capable Surveillance UAS 205 3.5.5 Aurora’s Advanced Concepts: UHATF 206 3.5.6 Aurora Flight Sciences Orion 210 3.5.7 Aurora Flight Sciences Odysseus Solar-Powered Aircraft 212 3.5.8 Aurora Flight Sciences Orion HALL 212 3.5.9 Aurora Flight Sciences Earth Science Applications 212 3.5.10 Aurora Small Unmanned Aerial Systems 217 3.5.11 Aurora Flight Sciences Skate 218 3.5.12 Aurora Tactical Systems 219 3.5.13 Aurora Diamond DA42 MPP 220 3.5.14 Aurora Excalibur 223 3.5.15 Aurora GoldenEye 50 227 3.5.16 Aurora GoldenEye 80 228 3.5.17 System Description 230 3.6 L-3 Communications UAS APEX Programs 232 3.6.1 L-3 Communications Next Generation Precision Unmanned Aircraft Systems 234 3.6.2 L-3 Communications Small Expendable Tube-Launched UAS 234 3.6.3 L-3’s Mid-Tier UAS Programs 239 3.6.4 L-3 Communications Medium Altitude Long Endurance Unmanned Or Manned – Mobius 241 3.6.5 L-3 Communications Cutlass 244 3.6.6 L-3 Unmanned Systems’ Viking 100 Runway Operations 246 3.6.7 L-3 Communications Viking 300 Runway Operations 249 3.6.8 L-3 Communications Viking 400 250 3.6.9 L-3 Communications TigerShark 252 3.6.10 L-3 Communications Generation IV Ground Control Station 256 3.6.11 L-3 Communications On-board Precision Automated Landing System (O-PALS) 258 3.6.12 L-3 Communications ISR Services 260 3.6.13 L-3 Communications System Integration and Technical Support 261 3.7 Challis Heliplane UAV Inc. 261 3.8 Draganfly Innovations Inc. 265 3.8.1 Draganflyer Guardian 265 3.8.2 Draganfly X4 266 3.8.3 Draganflyer X6 272 3.8.4 Draganflyer Aerial Photography & Video Applications 274 3.8.5 Draganflyer Real Estate Applications 275 3.8.6 Draganflyer Law Enforcement Applications 276 3.8.7 Draganflyer X8 279 3.9 DRS Unmanned Technologies Ground Control Stations 281 3.9.1 DRS Aircraft Monitoring Unit (AMU) 282 3.10 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI) Claw® Sensor Control 283 3.10.1 GA-ASI Athena RF Tag 290 3.10.2 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems GA – Predator® UAS 291 3.10.3 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems GA – Gray Eagle™ UAS 293 3.11 Boeing / Insitu / Commercial 295 3.11.1 Insitu Arctic Ice Floe Monitoring 297 3.11.2 Insitu Mammal Monitoring 297 3.11.3 Insitu Pipeline Surveys 298 3.11.4 Insitu Power-Line Inspections 298 3.11.5 Insitu Geomagnetic Surveys 299 3.11.6 Insitu Commercial Fishing 299 3.11.7 Insitu Public Safety 299 3.11.8 Insitu Disaster Response 300 3.11.9 Insitu Search and Rescue 301 3.11.10 Insitu Port and Border Security 301 3.11.11 Insitu Communications Relay 302 3.11.12 Insitu Over-the-Horizon Sensing 302 3.11.13 Insitu Counter-Narcotics 303 3.11.14 Insitu Offshore Base 304 3.11.15 Insitu Defense 304 3.11.16 Insitu Payload Systems 305 3.11.17 Insitu Force Protection 306 3.11.18 Insitu Combined Arms 306 3.11.19 Insitu Research Future of UAS Operations and Technology 307 3.11.20 Insitu ICOMC2 Streamline Process 308 3.11.21 Insitu ICOMC2’s Breakthrough Technology Extends Drone Capabilities 309 3.11.22 Boeing / Insitu ScanEagle 313 3.11.23 Insitu Integrator 314 3.11.24 Insitu NightEagle 316 3.12 Integrated Dynamics 317 3.12.1 Integrated Dynamics Skycam 317 3.12.2 Integrated Dynamics Pride 319 3.12.3 Integrated Dynamics Spirit 321 3.12.4 Integrated Dynamics Border Eagle MK – II 324 3.12.5 Integrated Dynamics Hornet 325 3.12.6 Integrated Dynamics HAWK MK – V 326 3.12.7 Integrated Dynamics VISION UAV systems 327 3.12.8 Integrated Dynamics VISION MK I 329 3.12.9 Integrated Dynamics Vision M K – I I 330 3.12.10 Integrated Dynamics S/Integrated Dynamics Integrated Dynamics M K – I 331 3.12.11 Integrated Dynamics Vector 332 3.12.12 Integrated Dynamics Tornado 333 3.12.13 Integrated Dynamics Nishan MK – II 333 3.12.14 Integrated Dynamics Nishan TJ – 1000 334 3.12.15 Integrated Dynamics Rover 335 3.12.16 Integrated Dynamics Explorer 336 3.13 MMIST Mist Mobility 336 3.13.1 MMist Unmanned Logistics Air Vehicle (ULAV) 340 3.13.2 Sherpa Ranger / MMist 342 3.14 Marcus UAV Systems 350 3.14.1 Marcus Autopilots 352 3.15 Proxy Aviation Systems 353 3.15.1 Proxy PROTEUS™ 353 3.15.2 Proxy PACS 354 3.15.3 The Proxy Autonomous Control Suite (PACS™) Virtual Pilot / Virtual Operator 355 3.15.4 Proxy Cooperative Control/UDMS 356 3.15.5 Proxy SkyRaider 359 3.16 LaserMotive 362 3.16.1 LaserMotive UAV Power Links 362 3.16.2 LaserMotive Teams with Germany’s Ascending Technologies 362 3.17 China Aerospace Science & Industry Corp Jet-Powered WJ600 363 3.17.1 Chinese Naval UAS 368 3.18 ASN Technology Group 368 3.19 Boeing X-37B Space Shuttle 369 3.20 Northrop Grumman / Scaled Composites 371 3.20.1 Proteus 371 3.21 Schiebel Camcopter S-100 371 3.21.1 Schiebel Camcopter Target Markets: 372 3.22 Parrot AR.Drone 2.0 $299, Flies Off a Roof 373 3.23 Google 374 3.23.1 Google Loon 375 3.23.2 Google Loon Balloon Project 377 3.23.3 Google Titan Aerospace 379 3.24 Facebook 381 3.25 Outernet Beamed Via Satellite 381 3.25.1 Outernet Mobile Cloud Network Infrastructure 384 3.26 Lockheed Martin Expeditionary Ground Control System 384 3.26.1 Lockheed Martin Integrated Sensor Is Structure (ISIS) 386 3.26.2 Lockheed Martin Integrated Sensor IS Structure (ISIS) Concept of Operations 387 3.26.3 Lockheed Martin K-MAX Unmanned Helicopter 389 3.26.4 Lockheed Martin K-MAX Used By Commercial Operators 391 3.26.5 Lockheed Martin ARES 392 3.26.6 Lockheed Martin Desert Hawk III 394 3.26.7 Lockheed Martin Fury 395 3.26.8 Lockheed Martin Expeditionary Ground Control System 397 3.26.9 Lockheed Martin Remote Minehunting System 399 3.26.10 Lockheed Martin Marlin 400 3.26.11 Lockheed Martin Persistent Threat Detection System 402 3.26.12 Lockheed Martin Stalker UAS Package Delivery 404 3.26.13 Lockheed Martin Stalker Droppable Payload 405 3.27 Northrop Grumman 407 3.27.1 Northrop Grumman MLB Company 407 3.27.2 Northrop Grumman.Bat 3 408 3.27.3 Northrop Grumman BAT 4 UAV 410 3.27.4 Northrop Grumman V-BAT UAV 413 3.27.5 Northrop Grumman Super Bat with Piccolo II Autopilot and TASE Gimbal 416 3.27.6 Northrop Grumman Unmanned Aerial Systems 418 3.27.7 Northrop Grumman Bat Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) 419 3.27.8 Northrop Grumman Firebird 421 3.27.9 Northrop Grumman Persistent Multiple Intelligence Gathering Air System 421 3.27.10 Northrop Grumman M324 UAS (Unmanned Aerial System) 422 3.27.11 Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Block 20 Global Hawk 423 3.27.12 Northrop Grumman Drone Program Overview 423 3.27.13 Northrop Grumman Block 20 Global Hawk Specification 424 3.27.14 Northrop Grumman Euro Hawk® 424 3.27.15 Northrop Grumman Triton 426 3.27.16 Northrop Grumman’s MQ-4C Triton Program: 426 3.27.17 Northrop Grumman Common Mission Management System (CMMS) 428 3.27.18 Northrop Grumman Solution 429 3.27.19 Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Global Hawk 430 3.27.20 Northrop Grumman Global Hawk (U.S. Air Force) RQ-4 Programs 430 3.27.21 Northrop Grumman GHMD (U.S. Navy 434 3.27.22 NASA Global Hawk (NASA Dryden) 434 3.27.23 NATO AGS (U.S. and Allied Nations) 438 3.27.24 Northrop Grumman X-47B UCAS 442 3.27.25 Northrop Grumman Fire-X Medium-Range Vertical Unmanned Aircraft System 443 3.28 General Atomics ® UAS 445 3.28.1 General Atomics Predator® B UAS 446 3.28.2 General Atomics Gray Eagle™ UAS 449 3.28.3 General Atomics Predator Jet Performance C Avenger® UAS 452 3.28.4 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems MQ-1B Predator 455 About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Name: Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation: Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You New Research – Global Diagnostic Ultrasound Devices Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Worldwide Survey: Portable Oxygen Therapy Systems Market 2017 to 2022 – Size, Share, analysis,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Recent Release : Global E-waste Recycling Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Resuscitation Ventilators Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts New Research – Global Diagnostic Ultrasound Devices Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Worldwide Survey: Portable Oxygen Therapy Systems Market 2017 to 2022 – Size, Share, analysis,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Recent Release : Global E-waste Recycling Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Resuscitation Ventilators Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Worldwide Erucamide Market Research Size, Shares, Strategies, Trend, Growth And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news In win for Boeing and GE, Donald Trump says he wants to revive export bank In win for Boeing and GE, Donald Trump says he wants to revive export bank Trump first told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. By: Reuters | Washington | Published: April 13, 2017 9:50 AM The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. (Reuters) President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency’s government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency’s five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump’s picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being “featherbedding” for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank’s acting chairman, Charles “CJ” Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump’s about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation’s aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and Caterpillar Inc CEO Mark Sutton, both vocal supporters of the bank. Also Watch: It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. “This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains,” Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc , United States Steel Corp and Pfizer Inc, cheered the move. “Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump’s vocal support for the bank,” said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank’s charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank’s charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday “the epitome of what’s wrong with Washington.” Also Watch: “Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im’s corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses,” he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. “Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars,” spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. No Comments. Trending Now IPL 2017: Gujarat gets Ravindra Jadeja boost in their quest for 1st win in tournament Tata Consultancy Services, US university to set up facility for cutting edge research Residents, fighters evacuate from four besieged Syria towns Anti Pakistan protest in Washington DC against death sentence to Kulbhushan Jadhav Anti-Romeo squad in UP finds its echo in Haryana's Operation Durga" New order issued by DCP restricts police personnel at Delhi PHQ from wearing jeans, t-shirt Setting religion aside, Madrasa in Uttar Pradesh bats for ban on cow slaughter Balmer Lawrie pumps Rs 50 crore in cold chain infrastructure project IPL 2017: Virat Kohli returns for RCB ahead of clash against MI Improving tariff competitiveness of solar PV energy favourable for discoms: ICRA Indian doctor charged with genital mutilation on girls in US Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News पत्थरबाजों पर सवाल से भड़के फारुख अब्दुल्ला, कहा- आपको देश की पड़ी है, क्या देश को इन नौजवानों के भविष्य की चिंता है 10-20 पैसे में बेचा गया एक करोड़ भारतीयों का बैंक डाटा यूएस ने गिराई 10,000 किलो वाली 'बमों की मां', जानिए GBU-43 की पांच मुख्य बातें Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0670 -0.1%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.0%  Dollar 1.0057 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%  SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0670 -0.1%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.0%  Dollar 1.0057 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal Boeing Aktie [Valor: 913253 / ISIN: US0970231058] Kaufen Verkaufen Als führende Anbieterin von Online-Finanzdienstleistungen bietet Swissquote Bank AG eine benutzerfreundliche Trading Plattform für den Handel von über 2.5 Millionen Finanzprodukten. Hinzu kommen verschiedene Forex Plattformen, ePrivate Banking Services, Hypotheken und Sparkonten. Kaufen Verkaufen Konto eröffnen Konto eröffnen Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Strukturierte Produkte Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Orderbuch Analysen Historisch < Kurse + Charts + Realtime Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) Times + Sales Chartvergleich Börsenplätze Realtime Push Orderbuch Historisch > < News + Analysen News + Adhoc Analysen Kursziele > < Fundamental Bilanz/GuV Schätzungen Dividende/GV Analysen > < Unternehmen Termine Profil > < zugeh. Wertpapiere Strukturierte Produkte > 13.04.2017 02:30:00 Boeing Honors Suppliers for Outstanding Performance Tweet A A Teilen Drucken DALLAS, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] has named its 2016 Supplier of the Year Award winners, recognizing 13 companies for the high-quality products, services and value they create for Boeing as well as its commercial airline and defense, space and security customers. Strong performance and close collaboration with these award-winning suppliers helped Boeing exceed customers' expectations in 2016 while contributing to strong overall company performance and numerous program milestones. "In order for Boeing to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion—a top-performer in all areas of our business—we must have the best team, and our supply chain is absolutely vital to those efforts," said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg. "The global suppliers earning top honors this year demonstrated an unwavering commitment to quality, delivered customer value and partnered with us on cost-effective, innovative solutions." In 2016, Boeing spent nearly $60 billion with more than 13,000 suppliers from all 50 U.S. states and 48 countries. Supplier-provided components and assemblies make up approximately 65 percent of the cost of Boeing products. "Boeing's success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world," said Kent Fisher, Boeing leader for enterprise Supplier Management. "Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge." Supplier of the Year Award winners for 2016: Orion Industries – Auburn, Wash., USA Community Engagement Award – Supplier with demonstrated strategic investments, engagements and advocacy to strengthen the communities where we live and work. Nabtesco Corporation – Gifu, Japan Environment Award – Supplier with demonstrated leadership, outstanding performance or successful partnerships in a formal, measurable environmental program and culture of environmental leadership. NIPPI Corporation – Yokohama, Japan Collaboration Award – Supplier has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal in areas of innovation, process or product improvement.             Hoffman Construction Company – Seattle, Wash., USA Safety Award – Supplier models a zero-injury mindset, investing in and implementing a formal, measurable safety program. Victory Solutions, Inc. – Huntsville, Ala., USA Support & Services Award – Supplier provides outstanding support or services to Boeing, including engineering support, logistical support and/or site services. The EnCore Group – Huntington Beach, Calif., USA Production & Design Award – Supplier or institution has been instrumental in the design, modification or production of a product. AVIC Xi'an Aircraft Industry (Group) Company Ltd. – Xi'an, China Outstanding Performance Award – Supplier has exhibited superior performance and has achieved Boeing Performance Excellence Award status for five consecutive years. Gary Jet Center – Gary, Ind., USA Global Supplier Diversity Award – Small diverse supplier that has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal. American Semiconductor – Boise, Idaho, USA Pathfinder Award – Supplier delivers outstanding efforts and/or improvements during the year. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation –  Canberra, Australia Technology Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development has been instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. AT&T – Dallas, Texas, USA Advantage Award – Supplier provides competitive advantage by exceeding cost performance goals and objectives for the product or services provided. University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre – Rotherham, UK Innovation Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development efforts are instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. GMN Aerospace – Seattle, Wash., USA Alliance Award – Supplier contributes to Boeing's success by sharing risk and through long-term relationships that support and advance Boeing's strategic objectives. Contact:  Tom Brabant Supplier Management 425-876-0287 thomas.h.brabant@boeing.com Follow us on Twitter @Boeing   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-honors-suppliers-for-outstanding-performance-300439070.html SOURCE Boeing Nachrichten zu Boeing Co.mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 13.04.17 New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead (Reuters Business) 13.04.17 Boeing May Miss $50 Billion Sales Goal (EN, The Wall Street Journal Deutschland) 13.04.17 Boeing stock price target raised to $170 from $162 at Canaccord Genuity (EN, MarketWatch) 13.04.17 Boeing: 737 MAX 9-Erstflug am Donnerstag (aero.de) 13.04.17 Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive (Reuters Business) 13.04.17 In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank (Reuters Business) Analysen zu Boeing Co.mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 29.03.17 Boeing buy Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (Berenberg Bank) 16.03.17 Boeing overweight Barclays Capital 26.01.17 Boeing buy Jefferies & Company Inc. 06.10.16 Boeing Outperform Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 23.06.16 Boeing overweight Morgan Stanley 26.01.17 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 12.01.17 Boeing Underperform RBC Capital Markets 27.10.16 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 26.10.16 Boeing Sell Standpoint Research 30.08.16 Boeing Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 13.03.17 Boeing Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley 28.10.16 Boeing Hold Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 04.07.16 Boeing Neutral JP Morgan Chase & Co. 28.04.16 Boeing Hold Canaccord Adams 28.04.16 Boeing Sector Perform RBC Capital Markets Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 13.04.17 Vontobel: Coupons im «Doppelpack» 13.04.17 SMI weiterhin sehr stabil 12.04.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 06.04.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Schweizer Blue-Chips. 28.03.17 ideas Magazin - Luxus: Elegantes Shopping ist wieder en vogue mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 13.04.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Prognose: Schwellenländer-Aktien mit hohen Erträgen 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Aktien in diesem Artikel Boeing Co. 177.00 1.14% Boeing am 13.04.2017 Meistgelesene Nachrichten Syngenta-Übernahmeangebot durch ChemChina wird bis 4. Mai verlängert SMI schliesst vor langem Wochenende im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel Trump schickt Dollar und Marktzinsen auf Talfahrt Deutsche Bank zerschlägt wohl Traditionshaus Sal. Oppenheim Zurich schliesst Übernahme des Reiseversicherers Cover-More ab Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Euro legt zu - Trump setzt Dollar unter Druck Swiss Re schätzt Kosten aus Zyklon Debbie auf 350 Millionen US-Dollar Diese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufen Tesla-Aktie legt deutlich zu: Tencent steigt mit fünf Prozent ein Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI schliesst vor langem Wochenende im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel SLI und SPI leichter. TecDAX geht mit kleinem Plus aus dem Donnerstag. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS No friendly fire: CPI, CPM battle it out in Kerala Pay less for short-distance commute by BMTC buses Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: Report PM Narendra Modi greets people on various festivals PM Narendra Modi pays tributes to Ambedkar on 126th birth anniversary Donald Trump hails military after 'Mother Of All Bombs' dropped in Afghanistan Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Policy & GovtPeopleInternationalIndustryInternal SecurityAnalysis & Geo-StrategyEquipment & OrdnanceMobility & Weapons International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 13 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,461-182.03 NIFTY 50 9,151-52.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,422193.0 USD/INR 64.40-0.27 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW In win for Boeing and GE, Donald Trump says he wants to revive export bank By Reuters | Updated: Apr 13, 2017, 07.13 AM IST Post a Comment The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. Company Summary NSE BSE Pfizer Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Ingersoll-Rand Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank's acting chairman, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and Caterpillar Inc CEO Mark Sutton, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The US Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc , United States Steel Corp and Pfizer Inc, cheered the move. "Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump's vocal support for the bank," said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im's corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses," he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. Comments(0)Add Comments In win for Boeing and GE, Donald Trump says he wants to revive export bank To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India BOE Technology enters Indian consumer electronics market Government in talks with Airbus, Boeing for training programmes Boeing to set up first overseas factory in China The Latest: Trump tours Boeing facility in South Carolina READ MORE ONwhite houseWall StreetPfizerDonald TrumpDavid KochBoeing Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Join the all-rounder of insurance State Farm Insurance New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Consumer Daily AdsMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Follow The Story Of One Psoriasis Patient Who Took Back Co.. HealthCentral.com Are you a strategic thinker? Test your skills with million.. Online Strategy Game 3 Types of CEOs and Some of the Best Hybrids Russell Reynolds Search Firm Enjoy Perfectly Proportioned Medifast® Meals Starting at .. Medifast® Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State in Afghanistan 'Mother of All Bombs' (MOAB): The 21,600 pound bomb and everything you want to know about it Women can retain maiden names in passports: PM Narendra Modi SP government avoids central fund to ensure no credit to PM Narendra Modi: Yogi Adityanath The end of Five-Year Plans: All you need to know about this big policy change More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|KKR vs KXIP Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 40-58 We set you thinking Friday 14 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Car in flames at Serangoon Road 1492149000 Lifestyle Weekend Guide (April 14 to 16) 1492081860 World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies 1492151952 Voices S’pore’s religious harmony is priceless 1492151213 World About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A 1492150912 World Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor 1492149164 Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters 1492147571 World Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits 1492146779 World North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region 1492146032 Business Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report 1492143871 Sports S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team 1492098060 Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” 1492119360 Sports FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS 1492097460 Business Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints 1492139518 Entertainment Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen 1492092960 Lifestyle Star Wars, Disney-themed events to come to Singapore under Disney tie-up: STB 1492049700 Sports Fiji sevens team back on track after post-Olympic slump, says coach 1491999600 Business Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries 1492137073 Singapore S’pore churches beef up security for Good Friday, Easter services 1492095360 World China's Hebei vows to learn lessons from new graft probe 1492131036 World Brazil's Temer calls $40 million Odebrecht bribe accusation 'a lie' 1492130215 Business Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks 1492115732 Business Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources 1492129282 Business Loan growth stalls despite profit, trading gains at some U.S. banks 1492124771 World U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' for first time in Afghanistan 1492117712 World CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile intelligence service' 1492125840 World U.N. votes to close, replace Haiti peacekeeping mission 1492124372 Business BlackRock cuts CEO Larry Fink's pay 'modestly' in 2016: filing 1492122921 Commentary Why is Trump fighting ISIS in Syria? 1491982560 World North Korea may be capable of sarin-loaded missiles: Japan PM 1492078260 World Bus crash with fuel tanker in Mexico kills at least 24 1492112243 Business GM to add 1,100 jobs in California over five years at self-driving unit 1492121426 Business Netflix scorecard to test mettle of tech rally 1492117863 World Brazil's Temer agrees to pension bill changes amid corruption probe 1492117817 World Turkey's Erdogan says emergency rule could be extended upon expiry 1492112532 Business T-Mobile, Dish bid combined $14 billion in U.S. airwaves auction: FCC 1492117373 World In historic referendum, Turkey's Erdogan faces his biggest test 1492108542 Business Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues 1492111756 Business AIG's board denies CEO 2016 cash bonus after dismal earnings 1492115424 Business New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead 1492107774 Business Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh 1492109375 Business Treasury yields down, stocks fall on global risks 1492115923 World United passenger to launch legal action over forced removal from plane 1492113733 World Govt has done little to tackle cost of living issues: DAP 1492113733 Sports Securing sports events now more complex than ever 1492113732 Commentary Why an IS caliphate in Mindanao is unlikely 1492113732 Voices Carry out thorough checks before allowing religious leaders into S’pore 1492113732 Voices Firms stand to gain by investing in mental well-being of workers 1492113731 World China warns against use of force to resolve regional tensions 1492113731 Commentary How economics, politics and tech shape the new back office 1492113731 Business In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:00 AM, April 13, 2017 Updated: 9:30 AM, April 13, 2017 WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co <BA.N> and General Electric Co <GE.N> which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank’s acting chairman, Charles “CJ” Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and Caterpillar Inc <CAT.N> CEO Mark Sutton, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc <IR.N>, United States Steel Corp <X.N> and Pfizer Inc <PFE.N>, cheered the move. “Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump’s vocal support for the bank,” said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im’s corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses,” he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players World trade seen growing 2.4% in 2017, uncertainty weighs: WTO Western Digital says Toshiba breaching contract, wants exclusive chip talks Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Inside Today World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” Securing sports events now more complex than ever S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS Super Rugby team Sunwolves play Good Samaritans Entertainment Kit Chan faces her fears of acting Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen Edmund Chen regrets being ‘too friendly’ with a stranger Belinda Carlisle to perform in Singapore Film-maker Anthony Chen only has patience for children and animals About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, April 14, 2017 2:58 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Airbus faces setback as Delta reviews US$14b jetliner order Thursday April 13, 2017 09:31 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Can this edible membrane replace water bottles? Hamilton backs fellow Briton Jensen Button to replace Alonso Child marriages in Malaysia: What you should know Police say no explosives found at Samsung Life Seoul hq after search Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Airbus out-duelled Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 Airbus A350s later this year. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, April 13 — Airbus SE’s expansion into Boeing Co’s home market faces a potential setback as Delta Air Lines Inc reviews a US$14 billion (RM62 billion) purchase of the European planemaker’s two-newest wide-body models. The Atlanta-based carrier, known as an influential and shrewd aircraft buyer, is studying its twin-aisle orders amid signs the long-range travel market is saturated, Ed Bastian, Delta’s chief executive officer, said during a quarterly earnings call yesterday. While he didn’t name Airbus, Delta has no twin-aisle orders pending with Boeing, according to the US company’s online database. Word of the review intensified concerns that demand for long-haul planes is weakening as a long jet-buying binge draws to close. American Airlines Group Inc last year deferred its order for Airbus A350 jets, while  United Continental Holdings Inc said it may swap its purchase for smaller planes. “It definitely contributes to what’s been a building caution, or wall of worry around the wide-body market,” said Ken Herbert, an aerospace analyst at Canaccord Genuity. ‘Excess capacity’ Airbus out-duelled Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 Airbus A350s later this year. They are intended to replace the Boeing 747 jumbos that once shuttled Delta’s passengers to Asia. The airline had also ordered 25 of Airbus’s A330neo, which has yet to fly, as a replacement for its oldest Boeing 767 planes. “We continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry as a whole,” Bastian said. “We continue to look internally as to what that means for Delta,” he said, adding that the airline is in discussions with planemakers. “You could anticipate some reductions, I think, broadly over the next several years,” he said. Although Delta only has outstanding wide-body orders with Airbus, shares of both duopolist planemakers reacted to Bastian’s remarks. Boeing fell 1.4 per cent to US$176.05, the second-biggest slide among the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Airbus ended the day rising 0.9 per cent, paring earlier gains of as much as 1.5 per cent. “It’s not appropriate for us to comment on our customers’ internal analyses,” Mary Anne Greczyn, a spokeswoman for Airbus, said by email. “However, as a leading aircraft manufacturer, Airbus continually engages our customers around the world to help optimise their fleet needs.” US market The prospect of Delta postponing or canceling the wide-body order adds to the uncertainty over Airbus’s efforts to make inroads in the US with its next-generation models. Such moves “would not be welcome by Airbus, especially from one of the Big Three US airlines where its wide-body market penetration is not particularly strong,” said aviation consultant Scott Hamilton. Delta’s latest review doesn’t necessarily mean Airbus will lose business, Hamilton said. The airline could defer orders to a schedule that better fits its demand forecast. It could also shift the mix to other models such as a lighter-weight regional A330 or narrow-body A321neo, Hamilton said. The carrier is thought to be considering issuing a request for proposals for single-aisle aircraft that would pit Boeing’s 737 Max against Airbus’s A320neo family, Hamilton said. Delta will also need a mid-market aircraft, such as the regional A330 or the so-called 797 under consideration at Boeing. “At face value, the Delta statement might seem alarming,” he said by email. “But as so often becomes the case, the ‘review’ may not be what it seems.” American, United American is scheduled to take the first of 22 Airbus A350 XWBs next year, said Joshua Freed, a spokesman, who declined further comment. The planes were ordered by US Airways Group, which merged with American in 2013. American last year delayed delivery of the advanced Airbus jetliners by an average 26 months. United said last year it was reviewing its purchase of Airbus’s A350-1000s. Sales of twin-aisle jets have slowed as the market absorbs a surplus after Boeing and Airbus boosted output at a 16 per cent annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Late last year, Boeing announced a second cut to the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while Airbus’s A330neo orders have stalled, he said. In December, Delta scrapped a longstanding order for 18 Boeing 787 Dreamliners that it inherited in its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. At the time, the airline said the decision was consistent with the need “to prudently address our wide-body aircraft needs.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Ringgit opens higher on buying sentiment Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business Bursa opens lower on lack of fresh leads Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer Malaysian-based I Synergy puts expansion plan in place Petronas pitches RM4.4b offshore gas project stake to oil firms, sources say Demand for Malaysian palm oil set to rebound, says Council Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: SUVs take over New York auto show Reuters Video: United passenger suffered concussion, broken nose, says lawyer Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Former ambassador surprised by fast Trump Syria decision Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Saudi carrier flynas signs deal for 80 Airbus planes Delta, United, Emirates lead the way on in-flight Wi-Fi YouTube star says kicked off Delta flight for speaking Arabic Delta axes hundreds of flights, delays many more after computer glitch (VIDEO) Delta grounding lifted, but travel chaos not over (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing Honors Suppliers for Outstanding Performance - Annual awards program recognizes suppliers for value creation, exceeding customer expectations News provided by Boeing Apr 12, 2017, 20:30 ET Share this article DALLAS, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] has named its 2016 Supplier of the Year Award winners, recognizing 13 companies for the high-quality products, services and value they create for Boeing as well as its commercial airline and defense, space and security customers. Strong performance and close collaboration with these award-winning suppliers helped Boeing exceed customers' expectations in 2016 while contributing to strong overall company performance and numerous program milestones. "In order for Boeing to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion—a top-performer in all areas of our business—we must have the best team, and our supply chain is absolutely vital to those efforts," said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg. "The global suppliers earning top honors this year demonstrated an unwavering commitment to quality, delivered customer value and partnered with us on cost-effective, innovative solutions." In 2016, Boeing spent nearly $60 billion with more than 13,000 suppliers from all 50 U.S. states and 48 countries. Supplier-provided components and assemblies make up approximately 65 percent of the cost of Boeing products. "Boeing's success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world," said Kent Fisher, Boeing leader for enterprise Supplier Management. "Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge." Supplier of the Year Award winners for 2016: Orion Industries – Auburn, Wash., USA Community Engagement Award – Supplier with demonstrated strategic investments, engagements and advocacy to strengthen the communities where we live and work. Nabtesco Corporation – Gifu, Japan Environment Award – Supplier with demonstrated leadership, outstanding performance or successful partnerships in a formal, measurable environmental program and culture of environmental leadership. NIPPI Corporation – Yokohama, Japan Collaboration Award – Supplier has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal in areas of innovation, process or product improvement.             Hoffman Construction Company – Seattle, Wash., USA Safety Award – Supplier models a zero-injury mindset, investing in and implementing a formal, measurable safety program. Victory Solutions, Inc. – Huntsville, Ala., USA Support & Services Award – Supplier provides outstanding support or services to Boeing, including engineering support, logistical support and/or site services. The EnCore Group – Huntington Beach, Calif., USA Production & Design Award – Supplier or institution has been instrumental in the design, modification or production of a product. AVIC Xi'an Aircraft Industry (Group) Company Ltd. – Xi'an, China Outstanding Performance Award – Supplier has exhibited superior performance and has achieved Boeing Performance Excellence Award status for five consecutive years. Gary Jet Center – Gary, Ind., USA Global Supplier Diversity Award – Small diverse supplier that has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal. American Semiconductor – Boise, Idaho, USA Pathfinder Award – Supplier delivers outstanding efforts and/or improvements during the year. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation –  Canberra, Australia Technology Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development has been instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. AT&T – Dallas, Texas, USA Advantage Award – Supplier provides competitive advantage by exceeding cost performance goals and objectives for the product or services provided. University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre – Rotherham, UK Innovation Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development efforts are instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. GMN Aerospace – Seattle, Wash., USA Alliance Award – Supplier contributes to Boeing's success by sharing risk and through long-term relationships that support and advance Boeing's strategic objectives. Contact:  Tom Brabant Supplier Management 425-876-0287 thomas.h.brabant@boeing.com Follow us on Twitter @Boeing   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-honors-suppliers-for-outstanding-performance-300439070.html SOURCE Boeing Apr 13, 2017, 18:02 ET Preview: Boeing Completes Successful First Flight of 737 MAX 9 Apr 07, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: Boeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 13, 2017, 18:02 ETBoeing Completes Successful First Flight of 737 MAX 9 Apr 07, 2017, 11:00 ETBoeing Energy Conservation Program Lauded by EPA Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Awards You just read: Boeing Honors Suppliers for Outstanding Performance News provided by Boeing Apr 12, 2017, 20:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Photos Videos Topics Live UAE 128/3 (16) - PNG (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Moab Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News World In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank Shares1 Thu, 13 Apr 2017-06:24am , Reuters President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank's acting chairman, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and Caterpillar Inc CEO Mark Sutton, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc , United States Steel Corp and Pfizer Inc, cheered the move. "Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump's vocal support for the bank," said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im's corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses," he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Bombs can't kill bad ideology, in fact they help them to spread: Twitter reacts to US bombing Afghanistan World US hits ISIS target in Afghanistan with largest non-nuclear bomb; Trump calls it 'very successful mission' World Canada on track to legalise recreational pot by July 2018 World US drops bomb on Islamic State in Afghanistan: Watch terrifying test footage of 'mother of all bombs' World United Airlines passenger suffered concussion, broken nose, lost two teeth, says lawyer World Syrian army chemical attack 'fabricated' as 'pretext' to justify US strike: Bashar al-Assad Next Article > Katrina Kaif NOT opposite Hrithtik Roshan in Kabir Khan film Live Cricket Score Live UAE 128/3 (16) PNG (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indians Fri, 14 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST United Arab Emirates vs Papua New Guinea Fri, 14 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node Katrina Kaif NOT opposite Hrithtik Roshan in Kabir Khan film Related Bombs can't kill bad ideology, in fact they help them to spread: Twitter reacts to US bombing Afghanistan US drops bomb on Islamic State in Afghanistan: Watch terrifying test footage of 'mother of all bombs' Syrian army chemical attack 'fabricated' as 'pretext' to justify US strike: Bashar al-Assad Video WATCH: This adorable red panda ambitiously fights.... a rock! WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding View all Tags Donald Trump Congress David Koch Reuters Barack Obama National Association of Manufacturers senate Washington White House Boeing Co Brothers Charles Export-Import Bank of Jeff Immelt Jim McNerney Mark Sutton Caterpillar Inc General Electric Co Ingersoll-Rand Plc International Economic National Association Pfizer Inc President Barack Obama President Donald Trump President Trump Trump administration U. S. Chamber U. S. Chamber of Commerce Wall Street Journal SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News No reservation in taking anti-BJP parties' help on EVM issue: WikiLeaks a hostile agency helped by Russia: CIA chief PM pays tributes to Ambedkar at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur CIA helped unravel N-smuggling network used by AQ Khan: Pompeo Youths beating jawans video: J&K DGP praises CRPF's restraint Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Costa relishing Hazard partnership at Chelsea Kazakh teen tennis star Arashov slapped with two-year doping ban Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, April 14 This legend's assessment of Roger Federer's retirement will make his fans ECSTATIC Chinese investors buy AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi Entertainment Abigail Breslin reveals she was sexually assaulted Harrison Ford attends 'Star Wars Celebration' for the first time in 40 years! Pearl Jam ex-drummer not invited to Hall of Fame ceremony Look, look: Virat Kohli PUTS girlfriend Anushka Sharma's picture as his display picture on Instagram 'Fear Factor' revived by MTV, Ludacris tapped as host Money GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares, won move south on worries over North Korea Ruchi Soya's views on Union Cabinet approving measures to increase oil Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on I-T launches 'Op Clean Money'-II;to probe 60k high risk people Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Boeing Honors Suppliers for Outstanding Performance DALLAS, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] has named its 2016 Supplier of the Year Award winners, recognizing 13 companies for the high-quality products, services and value they create for Boeing as well as its commercial airline and defense, space and security customers. Strong performance and close collaboration with these award-winning suppliers helped Boeing exceed customers’ expectations in 2016 while contributing to strong overall company performance and numerous program milestones. „In order for Boeing to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion—a top-performer in all areas of our business—we must have the best team, and our supply chain is absolutely vital to those efforts,” said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg. „The global suppliers earning top honors this year demonstrated an unwavering commitment to quality, delivered customer value and partnered with us on cost-effective, innovative solutions.” In 2016, Boeing spent nearly $60 billion with more than 13,000 suppliers from all 50 U.S. states and 48 countries. Supplier-provided components and assemblies make up approximately 65 percent of the cost of Boeing products. „Boeing’s success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing leader for enterprise Supplier Management. „Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge.” Supplier of the Year Award winners for 2016: Orion Industries – Auburn, Wash., USA Community Engagement Award – Supplier with demonstrated strategic investments, engagements and advocacy to strengthen the communities where we live and work. Nabtesco Corporation – Gifu, Japan Environment Award – Supplier with demonstrated leadership, outstanding performance or successful partnerships in a formal, measurable environmental program and culture of environmental leadership. NIPPI Corporation – Yokohama, Japan Collaboration Award – Supplier has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal in areas of innovation, process or product improvement.             Hoffman Construction Company – Seattle, Wash., USA Safety Award – Supplier models a zero-injury mindset, investing in and implementing a formal, measurable safety program. Victory Solutions, Inc. – Huntsville, Ala., USA Support & Services Award – Supplier provides outstanding support or services to Boeing, including engineering support, logistical support and/or site services. The EnCore Group – Huntington Beach, Calif., USA Production & Design Award – Supplier or institution has been instrumental in the design, modification or production of a product. AVIC Xi’an Aircraft Industry (Group) Company Ltd. – Xi’an, China Outstanding Performance Award – Supplier has exhibited superior performance and has achieved Boeing Performance Excellence Award status for five consecutive years. Gary Jet Center – Gary, Ind., USA Global Supplier Diversity Award – Small diverse supplier that has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal. American Semiconductor – Boise, Idaho, USA Pathfinder Award – Supplier delivers outstanding efforts and/or improvements during the year. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation –  Canberra, Australia Technology Award – Supplier’s outstanding performance in research and development has been instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing’s current and future business needs. AT&T – Dallas, Texas, USA Advantage Award – Supplier provides competitive advantage by exceeding cost performance goals and objectives for the product or services provided. University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre – Rotherham, UK Innovation Award – Supplier’s outstanding performance in research and development efforts are instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing’s current and future business needs. GMN Aerospace – Seattle, Wash., USA Alliance Award – Supplier contributes to Boeing’s success by sharing risk and through long-term relationships that support and advance Boeing’s strategic objectives. Contact:  Tom Brabant Supplier Management 425-876-0287 thomas.h.brabant@boeing.com Follow us on Twitter @Boeing   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-honors-suppliers-for-outstanding-performance-300439070.html SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Allstate to Discuss First Quarter 2017 Earnings With Investors Next PostNext EMA Cites Blueprint Automation as Fuel for Cloud Business Agility Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Boeing Honors Suppliers for Outstanding Performance - Annual awards program recognizes suppliers for value creation, exceeding customer expectations DALLAS, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] has named its 2016 Supplier of the Year Award winners, recognizing 13 companies for the high-quality products, services and value they create for Boeing as well as its commercial airline and defense, space and security customers. Strong performance and close collaboration with these award-winning suppliers helped Boeing exceed customers' expectations in 2016 while contributing to strong overall company performance and numerous program milestones. "In order for Boeing to be the best in aerospace and an enduring global industrial champion—a top-performer in all areas of our business—we must have the best team, and our supply chain is absolutely vital to those efforts," said Boeing Chairman, President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg. "The global suppliers earning top honors this year demonstrated an unwavering commitment to quality, delivered customer value and partnered with us on cost-effective, innovative solutions." In 2016, Boeing spent nearly $60 billion with more than 13,000 suppliers from all 50 U.S. states and 48 countries. Supplier-provided components and assemblies make up approximately 65 percent of the cost of Boeing products. "Boeing's success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world," said Kent Fisher, Boeing leader for enterprise Supplier Management. "Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge." Supplier of the Year Award winners for 2016: Orion Industries – Auburn, Wash., USA Community Engagement Award – Supplier with demonstrated strategic investments, engagements and advocacy to strengthen the communities where we live and work. Nabtesco Corporation – Gifu, Japan Environment Award – Supplier with demonstrated leadership, outstanding performance or successful partnerships in a formal, measurable environmental program and culture of environmental leadership. NIPPI Corporation – Yokohama, Japan Collaboration Award – Supplier has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal in areas of innovation, process or product improvement.             Hoffman Construction Company – Seattle, Wash., USA Safety Award – Supplier models a zero-injury mindset, investing in and implementing a formal, measurable safety program. Victory Solutions, Inc. – Huntsville, Ala., USA Support & Services Award – Supplier provides outstanding support or services to Boeing, including engineering support, logistical support and/or site services. The EnCore Group – Huntington Beach, Calif., USA Production & Design Award – Supplier or institution has been instrumental in the design, modification or production of a product. AVIC Xi'an Aircraft Industry (Group) Company Ltd. – Xi'an, China Outstanding Performance Award – Supplier has exhibited superior performance and has achieved Boeing Performance Excellence Award status for five consecutive years. Gary Jet Center – Gary, Ind., USA Global Supplier Diversity Award – Small diverse supplier that has worked with Boeing to achieve a shared goal. American Semiconductor – Boise, Idaho, USA Pathfinder Award – Supplier delivers outstanding efforts and/or improvements during the year. The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation –  Canberra, Australia Technology Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development has been instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. AT&T – Dallas, Texas, USA Advantage Award – Supplier provides competitive advantage by exceeding cost performance goals and objectives for the product or services provided. University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre – Rotherham, UK Innovation Award – Supplier's outstanding performance in research and development efforts are instrumental in the introduction of new products to meet Boeing's current and future business needs. GMN Aerospace – Seattle, Wash., USA Alliance Award – Supplier contributes to Boeing's success by sharing risk and through long-term relationships that support and advance Boeing's strategic objectives. Contact:  Tom Brabant Supplier Management 425-876-0287 thomas.h.brabant@boeing.com Follow us on Twitter @Boeing   SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, Awards, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MARCH FOR SCIENCE: Center for Inquiry to March Against Existential Risk of Science Denial Next PostNext Shijian-13 delivered to orbit from Xichang Satellite Launch Center Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Space Sojourn 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Fri, Apr 14 2017. 10 58 AM IST Boeing’s largest 737 max jet takes flight amid market downdraft The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family took wing five days ahead of schedule, during a week marking the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight Subscribe to our newsletter. Julie Johnsson Boeing is mulling introducing as many as five Max models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton, Washington, factory over each of the next three years. Photo: Bloomberg Chicago: Boeing Co.’s newest and largest 737 Max gunned down the runway and soared over the shore of Lake Washington, south of Seattle, on its way to an almost three-hour maiden flight Thursday. The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family took wing five days ahead of schedule, during a week marking the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight. The single-aisle Max 9 faces an uncertain future, however, in a market dominated by Airbus SE’s longer A321neo. About three-quarters of orders for the workhorse planes favoured by budget carriers are clustered around mid-sized models such as the Max 8 and A320neo. But sales are growing faster for larger narrow-bodies, one reason why Boeing is targeting Airbus’s lead with two stretched jets. “It’s an incredibly important part of our family moving forward,” Randy Tinseth, a Boeing vice president of marketing, said of the Max 9. Boeing has also begun marketing an even larger model, the Max 10X, and expects the two variants combined to eventually account for about a quarter of its narrow-body sales, he told reporters. The US planemaker is trying to pull off a balancing act with the 737, its largest source of profit. Boeing is mulling introducing as many as five Max models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton, Washington, factory over each of the next three years. Any stumbles in developing the new jets, a process fraught with delays, could damage Boeing’s bottom line if snarls slow manufacturing at a plant preparing to increase output to 47 planes a month in May -- five more than the present rate. The Max 8, the first of the upgraded 737 models, has completed flight-testing and is slated to begin deliveries in May, months earlier than initially planned. The first Max 9 took to the skies with Captain Christine Walsh in command. It is designed to seat 178 travellers in a two-class cabin, about 16 more people than the Max 8, while flying the same distance: as many as 3,515 nautical miles. Also Read: How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers The debut is the latest in a year crammed with new planes produced by manufacturers from Brazil to Ukraine. Boeing has already begun to cut metal for the next 737, the smaller Max 7. Meanwhile the company’s 787-10, the largest Dreamliner, took its first flight 31 March—the same day that Airbus’s A319neo and Antonov’s An-132D turboprop aircraft made their maiden flights. Sputtering airplane sales raise concerns that the new aircraft are entering the market as the aerospace industry heads into a downturn after more than a decade of growth. That could make it tougher for manufacturers to recapture the billions of dollars poured into engineering, tooling and factories. The pain won’t be felt equally, however. Boeing and Airbus are cushioned by record backlogs for their upgraded narrow-bodies: 3,703 orders for the 737 Max and 5,056 sales for the A320neo lineup. “This is why we have a duopoly,” said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, referring to Boeing and Airbus. “Newcomers have a harder time with an ultimately cyclical market, combined with heavy spending on new-product development.” Boeing shouldn’t have any problem recovering its costs for the 737 Max family, the latest versions of the venerable single-aisle jet that revolutionized low-cost travel and aircraft manufacturing with its moving line. The bulk of Boeing’s orders are said to be for the -8, which seats more travellers than the A320neo, although the US planemaker doesn’t break out sales by Max model. With the Max 9 struggling to gain sales, Boeing has begun pushing the Max 10X, a longer model. It would seat about 230 travelers in a single cabin and cruise on transcontinental routes flown by Boeing’s 757, which has been out of production for more than a decade. But potential customers, including Air Lease Corp., fret that the new model will get to market too late, with a planned 2020 debut. That will be a year after Airbus will introduce an A321neo model configured to seat as many as 240 people. Boeing would probably have to discount heavily to cut into Airbus’s lead, Aboulafia said. “They can’t seem to get the pricing power they had with the NG series,” the analyst said, referring to the previous generation of the 737s that commanded premiums to Airbus jets. “Maybe that will change. But if it does, it will happen on the Max 8.” But Boeing, for now, may be content to have product offerings that it can hone for 737 operators—without ceding the top end of the narrow-body market to Airbus, said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. “The investments haven’t been excessive relative to the broader program,” he said. The Max 9 and 10X will help “keep Airbus pricing in check,” he said. “Part of the benefit is just having something in place and letting the technology mature.” Bloomberg Julie Johnsson Topics: Boeing 737 max jet airbus airplanes More From Livemint READ MORE TCS, Carnegie Mellon University to set up facility for cutting edge research Mayawati appoints brother Anand Kumar as BSP vice-president No empty space First Published: Fri, Apr 14 2017. 10 58 AM IST Editor's Picks Is the end of the road near for Tata Nano? Ola valuation falls to $3 billion after SoftBank’s investment in November Bypoll results: BJP wins 5 seats, Congress 3, but AAP loses the most Latest News No empty space Untouched India Reading the Dezz Ad watchdog issues endorsement guidelines for celebrities Anil Agarwal’s Volcan secures 11.4% stake in Anglo American Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Game Time The 45 Best New Board Games Watch the First Flight of Boeing's 737-Max 9, Live The longest one in the family so far. Most Popular Getty Stephen Brashear By Eric Limer Apr 13, 2017 The Boeing 737 MAX 9 rolled out of the Renton, Washington assembly plant last month, and today it's rolling down the runway. Boeing is currently livestreaming the first flight of its newest 737 MAX, the longest one yet built. Tune in below: Advertisement - Continue Reading Below With a body 138 feet long, the MAX 9 can fit 220 passengers in a high-density seating configuration and sports CFM International LEAP-1B engines to give it a maximum distance of 3,510 nautical miles, the shortest of the MAX family so far. Related Story Boeing Rolls Out Its New 737 MAX 9 While the 737 MAX line of planes may not be the largest out there, their small size is indicative of a shift in the way airlines operate, flagging a move from giant jumbo jets and hub airports, to routes that are longer, and lower in demand. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Airlines Airlines Share Boeing and Airbus Debut New Airliners With First Flights on the Same Day Airlines Share What Will The Next Great Airliner Look Like? Airlines Share Drones Have Nearly Hit Planes at Heathrow at Least Three Times Airlines Share There Was a Snake on a Plane in Alaska Airlines Share U.S. Bans Laptops and Tablets on Flights from 8 Countries Airlines Share Why Business Class Is an Airline's Real Money-Maker Airlines Share Plane Botches Beach Landing and Almost Hits the Water Airlines Share Replacing the World's Largest Jet Engine at 40-Below Airlines Share Boeing Rolls Out Its New 737 MAX 9 Airlines Share One Airline Made a Beer Designed for 30,000 Feet Flight Airlines See Boeing's Hydrogen-Powered Phantom Eye Take Flight Watch Boeing's 787 Dreamliner Pull Off Some Jumbo Stunts Watch Boeing's Super Portable Laser Take Down a Drone Minute-by-Minute Lessons From Falcon 9's First Flight Airbus A380 Completes First Commercial Europe-U.S. Flight Virgin Galactic's First Commercial Space Flight Crew Will Have Badass Uniforms More From Airlines PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,453.25 -138.61 -0.67% S&P 500 2,328.95 -15.98 -0.68% Nasdaq 5,805.15 -31.01 -0.53% GlobalDow 2,648.50 -1.80 -0.07% Gold 1,290.10 12.00 0.94% Oil 52.91 -0.20 -0.38% S&P 500 Movers(%) ALXN 3.3 INCY 1.9 COTY 1.6 CMG 1.1 CHK -4.2 AMD -3.5 WFC -3.3 MRO -3.0 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 12:07a Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 04/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 04/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 04/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 04/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 04/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 04/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 04/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 04/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 04/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States CAT Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE CAT U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Caterpillar Inc. Watchlist CreateCATAlert After Hours Last Updated: Apr 13, 2017 7:34 p.m. $ 93.12 0.02 0.02% After Hours Volume: 38.2K Close Chg Chg % $93.10 -1.76 -1.86% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 88.88% vs Avg. Volume: 4.7M 65 Day Avg. - 5.3M Open: 94.60 Close: 93.10 93.09 Day Low/High 94.86 Day Range 69.035 52 Week Low/High 99.46 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $94.60 Market Cap $55.63B Shares Outstanding 586.49M Public Float 585.16M Beta 1.17 Rev. per Employee $403.95K P/E Ratio n/a EPS $-0.13 Yield 3.31% Dividend $0.77 Exercise Dividend Date Apr 20, 2017 Short Interest 24.11M 03/31/17 % of Float Shorted 4.12% Average Volume 5.25M Performance 5 Day -2.53% 1 Month 0.20% 3 Month -1.46% YTD 0.39% 1 Year 17.60% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Stock market closes lower for week as losing streak stretches to 3rd session Apr. 13, 2017 at 4:33 p.m. ET by Sara Sjolin Caterpillar short sellers scale back positions after losses of almost $1 billion in 2016 Apr. 13, 2017 at 3:47 p.m. ET by Ciara Linnane 5 ways to profit from Trump trade 2.0 Apr. 13, 2017 at 8:25 a.m. ET by Jeff Reeves Stock market ends slightly lower as geopolitical risks linger Apr. 12, 2017 at 4:33 p.m. ET by Sara Sjolin Caterpillar shares slip 0.6% to top Dow's decliners Caterpillar shares slip 0.6% to top Dow's decliners Apr. 11, 2017 at 9:38 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Stocks finish fractionally higher led by energy gains Stocks closed fractionally higher Monday, but well off session highs as investors cautiously approached the beginning of earnings season. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 1.92 points at 20,658.02, led by gains in shares of Caterpillar Inc. and Travelers Cos. , and hampered by shares of Merck & Co. and Boeing Co. . The S&P 500 index finished up 1.62 points at 2,357.16, with a 0.8% rise in the energy sector and a 0.7% gain in real-estate stocks. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 3.11 points to close at 5,880.93. Apr. 10, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Caterpillar shares rise 1% in early trade to lead Dow gainers Caterpillar shares rise 1% in early trade to lead Dow gainers Apr. 10, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Stocks close slightly higher as Trump-Xi meeting kicks off Stocks closed slightly higher, but off session highs, Thursday as the meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping got underway. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 14.80 points, or less than 0.1%, at 20,662.95, led by gains in shares of Caterpillar Inc. , Exxon Mobil Corp. , and Chevron Corp. . The S&P 500 index [s; spx] finished up 4.54 points, or 0.2%, at 2,357.49, with the energy and financial sectors leading gainers. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 14.47 points, or 0.3%, to close at 5,878.95. Apr. 6, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Stock market edges higher as energy shares rebound Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:40 p.m. ET by Victor Reklaitis Stocks finish slightly higher ahead of Trump-Xi meeting Stocks closed slightly higher Tuesday as investors exercised caution ahead of a meeting between President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping and Friday's jobs report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 39.03 points, or 0.2%, at 20,689.24, led by gains in shares of Caterpillar Inc. and Boeing Co. . The S&P 500 index [s; spx] finished up 1.32 points, or less than 0.1%, at 2,360.16, with the energy and materials sectors leading gainers. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 3.93 points, or less than 0.1%, to close at 5,898.61. Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Why Goldman believes Caterpillar is set for a rebound after mining and building slump Apr. 4, 2017 at 3:45 p.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Breaking Dow's gains led almost entirely by stock rally in Caterpillar, United Tech, Boeing The Dow Jones Industrial Average's Tuesday afternoon advance was being spearheaded by a trio of its 30 components, contributing about 32 points to the blue-chip gauge. Caterpillar Inc. . which was trading 2.2% higher after a bullish note from Goldman Sachs, added about 15 points to the Dow , while shares of United Technologies Corp. , climbed 0.9%, tacking on about 10 points. Meanwhile, Boeing Co.'s shares , up 0.9%, contributed about 7 points. Earlier in the session, the Dow was under pressure, along with the S&P 500 index and the Nasdaq Composite Index , which is threatening to log its longest period of losses, three days, since the three-day skid ended Dec. 30, according to FactSet data. The lackluster moves for equities highlight a pullback from the euphoria that followed President Donald Trump's November election victory. Stock valuations considered lofty and doubts about the president's ability to put into law his pro-growth campaign agenda sooner than later have been cited as the source of the recent retreat. Apr. 4, 2017 at 12:13 p.m. ET by Mark DeCambre UPDATE: Caterpillar stock jumps as Goldman upgrades to Conviction Buy list Shares of heavy equipment maker Caterpillar Inc. rose 1% in early trade Tuesday, after Goldman Sachs added the stock to its Conviction Buy list and set a stock price target that's 30% above current trading levels. "We see an attractive combination of (1) structurally higher mid-cycle EPS, (2) exposure to underinvested machinery markets in the early stages of recovery, (3) management strategy transition towards improving returns on capital (vs. market share in the last cycle), and (4) a ~20% underweight average mutual fund position," analysts led by Jerry Revich said in a note. Goldman set a stock price target of $120. Shares are down 0.5% in the year so far, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 5.4% and the S&P 500 has gained 5%. Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:55 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Caterpillar shares up 1.4% premarket Caterpillar shares up 1.4% premarket Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:34 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Caterpillar stock added to Goldman Sachs' Conviction Buy list Caterpillar stock added to Goldman Sachs' Conviction Buy list Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET by Ciara Linnane Caterpillar to close suburban-Chicago plant, laying off about 800 and shifting jobs Apr. 1, 2017 at 9:48 a.m. ET by Andrew Tangel All but 1 of the Dow's components are falling premarket, as Dow futures tumble All but one of the Dow Jones Industrial Average's 30 components trading before Monday's open are declining, with five of those components falling more than 1%. Among the biggest losers, shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. slumped 2.1%, of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. dropped 2.1%, of Caterpillar Inc. shed 1.8% of American Express Co. slid 1.4% and of Nike Inc. lost 1.2% and Visa Inc. gave up 1%. The long gainer was DuPont & Co.'s stock , which ticked up 0.1% in light trade. Dow industrials futures tumbled 159 points. Mar. 27, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Breaking Caterpillar falls 2.8% to top Dow decliners Caterpillar falls 2.8% to top Dow decliners Mar. 21, 2017 at 12:39 p.m. ET by Sue Chang U.S. stocks end lower as financials sell off Mar. 20, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET by Victor Reklaitis Caterpillar's stock leads Dow gainers after encouraging machine retail sales data Caterpillar Inc.'s stock rallied 1.6% in morning trade Monday, enough to pace the gainers in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , after the company reported encouraging February retail machine sales data. The maker of earth-moving equipment reported total February retail sales of machines for the rolling three-month period declined 1% from the same period a year ago, the smallest rate of decline since December 2012, with retail sales of machines for the construction industry turning positive for the first time since June 2014. The last time total retails sales were positive was the three months ending November 2012. The stock was also the biggest price gainer within the Dow, with its $1.45 gain adding about 10 points to the Dow's price, which was up 38 points in morning trade. Caterpillar shares have now tacked on 1.8% year to date, while the Dow has climbed 6%. Mar. 20, 2017 at 10:54 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Chicago Entices Companies to Return Downtown The tide of companies moving back to big cities in search of talent and better transportation is growing. Chicago’s resurgence has been especially sharp—nearly 90% of the more than 330,000 jobs created in Illinois from 2011 through 2016 were added in the metro area. Apr. 11, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal U.S. Stocks Edge Up in Quiet Trading U.S. stocks were little changed as investors looked ahead to corporate-earnings season. Apr. 10, 2017 at 7:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks Give Up Gains After Fed Minutes U.S. stocks ended with declines. The Dow industrials were up nearly 200 points early on, but retreated after Federal Reserve minutes suggested officials may begin reducing the central bank’s balance sheet later this year. Apr. 5, 2017 at 7:28 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal WSJ Wealth Adviser Briefing: More 401(k)s Embrace Managed Style, Fiduciary Rule Delayed WSJ Wealth Adviser highlights some of the top news and analysis for wealth advisers and their clients, with pieces today including: how more 401(k)s are autoenrolling retirement savers into managed accounts and the Labor Department's official delay of its fiduciary rule. Apr. 5, 2017 at 5:32 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal U.S. Stocks Buoyed by Manufacturing, Energy Sectors U.S. stock indexes edged higher, led by a rise in shares of manufacturers. Meanwhile, shares of financial companies in the S&P 500 fell 0.2%. Apr. 4, 2017 at 6:49 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Goldman Sachs Digs Caterpillar and So Do We Goldman adds Caterpillar to its Conviction Buy list and says the stock, yielding 3.3% can rise 30%. Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Apr. 3, 2017 at 6:13 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Though the sector has had a strong run since the election, income investors may have better options. Apr. 1, 2017 at 1:04 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Caterpillar to Close Illinois Plant Caterpillar Inc. said it would close its factory in Aurora, lll., laying off about 800 workers and shifting many of their positions to other U.S. factories by the end of 2018. Mar. 31, 2017 at 6:16 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal China Can’t Carry Global Economy if U.S. Stumbles China is primarily exporting the wrong kind of inflation, rather than growth, to the West. If the U.S. economy stumbles along with Trump’s agenda, a stronger China won’t be there to pick up the slack. Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:23 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal A New Role for America’s No. 1 Ally Australia has fought alongside us since World War I. What now in the Trump era? Mar. 23, 2017 at 7:03 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal U.S. Stocks Slip Financial shares fell, dragging U.S. stocks lower, although stock moves were muted as investors analyzed developments from the weekend’s G-20 meeting. Mar. 20, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The Morning Risk Report: U.K. AML Changes Spark Skepticism, Hope The launch of a new U.K. anti-money laundering agency, and a draft set of new rules, set off a debate on how, and whether the changes will work. Activists, lawyers and experts all discussed the effects of the changes. Mar. 20, 2017 at 10:36 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Adobe, Tiffany, Valeant Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Friday's session are Adobe Systems, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Tiffany. Mar. 17, 2017 at 9:41 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Caterpillar Taps Former U.S. Attorney General to Help Deal With Probe Officials at Caterpillar, which has faced scrutiny from federal investigators, said Thursday it has hired former U.S. Attorney General William Barr to help assess matters related to government raids on its facilities earlier this month. Mar. 16, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Anxious Equipment Makers Await Trump Spending Plan Optimism is giving way to impatience among makers of excavators and heavy machinery that hope their businesses will benefit from President Donald Trump’s pledge to pump $1 trillion into infrastructure. Mar. 16, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal China’s Amazing Disappearing, Reappearing Infrastructure Better infrastructure investment numbers mask weakness in other areas of the economy. Mar. 14, 2017 at 7:18 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Construction-Equipment Picks to Buy on Weakness Cummins, Deere, Caterpillar and Terex will benefit as pricing improve. Mar. 13, 2017 at 11:55 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Caterpillar Tax Probe Gathers Steam After raids on Caterpillar Inc. headquarters by federal agents, the company faces questions about its adherence to U.S. export rules. Mar. 13, 2017 at 11:54 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Chevron, Caterpillar Tank DJIA on Thursday Chevron, Caterpillar, Exxon, and DuPont led the DJIA to a sharp loss Thursday. Apr. 13, 2017 at 3:19 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Shorts wave the white flag on Caterpillar Shorts wave the white flag on Caterpillar Apr. 13, 2017 at 1:09 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Caterpillar's Bull Case Is Gaining Steam Caterpillar's Bull Case Is Gaining Steam Apr. 13, 2017 at 8:55 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Boeing, Caterpillar Sink DJIA on Wednesday Caterpillar, Boeing, Home Depot, and Goldman Sachs weighed most heavily on the DJIA Wednesday. Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:25 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Caterpillar Investors Expecting A 'Beat-And-Raise' Print Caterpillar Investors Expecting A 'Beat-And-Raise' Print Apr. 12, 2017 at 2:01 p.m. ET on benzinga.com Infrastructure stocks take a beating on concerns about Trump plan Infrastructure stocks take a beating on concerns about Trump plan Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:19 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha CAT Option Alert: Apr 28 $93 Puts Sweep (37) at the ask: 2441 @ 1.75 vs 95 OI; Ref=$95.3 CAT Option Alert: Apr 28 $93 Puts Sweep (37) at the ask: 2441 @ 1.75 vs 95 OI; Ref=$95.3 Apr. 12, 2017 at 10:01 a.m. ET on benzinga.com Caterpillar enthusiasm "overly bullish," BMO analyst warns Caterpillar enthusiasm "overly bullish," BMO analyst warns Apr. 12, 2017 at 10:25 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 Apr. 11, 2017 at 3:18 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Look Deeper For Stable Industrial Stocks - Cramer's Mad Money (4/10/17) Look Deeper For Stable Industrial Stocks - Cramer's Mad Money (4/10/17) Apr. 11, 2017 at 7:39 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Chicago Entices Companies to Return Downtown The tide of companies moving back to big cities in search of talent and better transportation is growing. Chicago’s resurgence has been especially sharp—nearly 90% of the more than 330,000 jobs created in Illinois from 2011 through 2016 were added in the metro area. Apr. 11, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal U.S. Stocks Edge Up in Quiet Trading U.S. stocks were little changed as investors looked ahead to corporate-earnings season. Apr. 10, 2017 at 7:30 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Caterpillar, Home Depot Try to Prop Up DJIA Monday Caterpillar, Chevron, Home Depot, and Travelers tried their best to keep the DJIA in the green on Monday. Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com These 3 Banking Giants Kick Off Earnings Season: Investing Action Plan [ibd-display-video id=507073]Here's your weekly Investing Action Plan: what you need to know as an investor for the coming week. Earnings season for the first-quarter reporting period begins with top banks like Dow Jones industrial average component JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C) and Wells Fargo (WFC) as well as Delta Air Lines (DAL) and Taiwan Semiconductor (TSM). Key reports on the oil sector could swing prices and energy stocks, while Apr. 10, 2017 at 6:50 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Investor Movement Index For March 2017 Investor Movement Index For March 2017 Apr. 10, 2017 at 1:24 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 'Safer' Contender Dogs Present Diversified April Dividends 'Safer' Contender Dogs Present Diversified April Dividends Apr. 10, 2017 at 6:10 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Construction Stocks Rise On Big Infrastructure Deal — In California Even as prospects for President Trump's $1 trillion program of national rebuilding remain uncertain, state and local infrastructure projects are making it a good time for the heavy construction industry. Vulcan Materials (VMC) was the best performing S&P 500 index member in early afternoon trading on the stock market today, rising 3% to a one-month high after California's legislature approved a 12-cent increase in the state gas tax. The Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:55 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Caterpillar, Exxon Lead Dow Higher Thursday Caterpillar, Chevron, Exxon, and Nike were Thursday's best performing DJIA stocks. Apr. 6, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com CAT Option Alert: Jun 16 $95 Puts Sweep (20) at the ask: 500 @ 3.5 vs 251 OI; Ref=$96.33 CAT Option Alert: Jun 16 $95 Puts Sweep (20) at the ask: 500 @ 3.5 vs 251 OI; Ref=$96.33 Apr. 6, 2017 at 12:32 p.m. ET on benzinga.com Stocks Give Up Gains After Fed Minutes U.S. stocks ended with declines. The Dow industrials were up nearly 200 points early on, but retreated after Federal Reserve minutes suggested officials may begin reducing the central bank’s balance sheet later this year. Apr. 5, 2017 at 7:28 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Caterpillar Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Caterpillar Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Apr. 13, 2017 at 6:04 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Apr. 13, 2017 at 12:15 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: May 2, 2017 SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: May 2, 2017 Apr. 13, 2017 at 10:08 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Caterpillar Inc. Investigated For Fraud By Block & Leviton Following Federal Raid; Former Employees And Witnesses Encouraged To Contact The Firm Caterpillar Inc. Investigated For Fraud By Block & Leviton Following Federal Raid; Former Employees And Witnesses Encouraged To Contact The Firm Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:18 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Caterpillar Inc. Maintains Dividend Rate Caterpillar Inc. Maintains Dividend Rate Apr. 12, 2017 at 11:45 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Caterpillar Inc. to Announce First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results on April 25 Caterpillar Inc. to Announce First-Quarter 2017 Financial Results on April 25 Apr. 11, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Apr. 10, 2017 at 6:16 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire Rosen Law Firm Reminds Caterpillar, Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action - CAT Rosen Law Firm Reminds Caterpillar, Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action - CAT Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:33 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire CAT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a Class Action Involving Caterpillar, Inc. and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 CAT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a Class Action Involving Caterpillar, Inc. and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:15 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE EQUITY ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Caterpillar, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 - CAT EQUITY ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Caterpillar, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 - CAT Apr. 5, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: May 2, 2017 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Reminds Investors of Class Action Against Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: May 2, 2017 Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:06 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Investors Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Investors Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit Apr. 4, 2017 at 10:45 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Apr. 4, 2017 at 7:43 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire The Klein Law Firm Announces a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Caterpillar, Inc. Shareholders and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 The Klein Law Firm Announces a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Caterpillar, Inc. Shareholders and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 Apr. 4, 2017 at 2:46 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Caterpillar Inc. Discusses Augmented Reality for Maintenance and Repair at the Automation Conference & Expo Caterpillar Inc. Discusses Augmented Reality for Maintenance and Repair at the Automation Conference & Expo Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:07 a.m. ET on PRWeb SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Caterpillar, Inc. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 - CAT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Shareholders of Caterpillar, Inc. of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of May 2, 2017 - CAT Apr. 3, 2017 at 1:18 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE CATERPILLAR INVESTIGATION INITIATED by Former Louisiana Attorney General: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates the Officers and Directors of Caterpillar, Inc. - CAT CATERPILLAR INVESTIGATION INITIATED by Former Louisiana Attorney General: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Investigates the Officers and Directors of Caterpillar, Inc. - CAT Mar. 31, 2017 at 10:50 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Caterpillar, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - CAT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Caterpillar, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline - CAT Mar. 31, 2017 at 8:03 p.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Mar. 31, 2017 at 2:39 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX The Klein Law Firm Announces a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Caterpillar, Inc. Shareholders, Deadline of May 2, 2017 The Klein Law Firm Announces a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Caterpillar, Inc. Shareholders, Deadline of May 2, 2017 Mar. 31, 2017 at 2:04 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar, Inc. engages in the manufacture of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel-electric locomotives. It provides technology for construction, transportation, mining, forestry, energy, logistics, electronics, financing, and electric power generation. It operates through the following segments: Construction Industries, Resource Industries, Energy & Transportation, and Financial Products. The Construction Industries segment supports customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. The Resource Industries segment responsible for supporting customers using machinery in mining and quarrying applications and it includes business strategy, product design, product management, and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales and product support. The Energy & Transportation segment supports customers in oil and gas, power generation, marine, rail, and industrial applications. The Financial Products segment line business provides a wide range of financing alternatives to customers and dealers for Caterpillar machinery and engines, solar gas turbines as well as other equipment and marine vessels. The company was founded on April 15, 1925 and is headquartered in Peoria, IL. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 24 Full Ratings Caterpillar Investors Expecting A 'Beat-And-Raise' Print Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:01 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Waiting Game: Trump Meeting With China, Fed Minutes, Taxes All In Focus Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:05 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Trump's China Summit Has Market Looking Cautious Amid Lack Of Other Catalysts Apr. 4, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Astec Industries Inc. -0.92% $1.4B Komatsu Ltd. ADR -1.40% $24.75B Cummins Inc. -1.60% $24.68B Deere & Co. -1.23% $34.83B General Electric Co. -0.71% $259.26B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by SQ -2.20% OIL 0.51% SCO -0.42% UNG 1.59% DWT -0.73% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 1 min ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Nicole Kidman fans get a treat as Cannes lineup unveiled YouTube congratulates Nancy Ajram for 1m subscribers India’s biggest film franchise hot on Hollywood’s heels Man dragged off United flight plans to sue: lawyers Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all FBI director: Public should know of agenda-driven fake news US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck file divorce petitions Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck file divorce petitions Why Trump the trade critic now offers an outstretched hand You are here Home Business & Economy New Boeing 737 makes first flight Business & Economy New Boeing 737 makes first flight /node/1084091/business-economy New Boeing 737 makes first flight Reuters | Published — Friday 14 April 2017 A Boeing 737 MAX 9 is lifts off during the first-flight event for the company’s new airplane at Renton Field in Renton, Washington on Thursday. (AFP) SEATTLE/SYDNEY: A new version of Boeing Co’s 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing’s revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing’s 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing’s largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. “We’ll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane,” he said on a conference call with reporters. “The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs,” said Teal. “We are looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10.” Boeing said in March it had approached India’s SpiceJet and Jet Airways about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced skepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. “We will not hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year,” he said. “All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production.” The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. “We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there,” Teal said. SEATTLE/SYDNEY: A new version of Boeing Co’s 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing’s revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing’s 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing’s largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. “We’ll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane,” he said on a conference call with reporters. “The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs,” said Teal. “We are looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10.” Boeing said in March it had approached India’s SpiceJet and Jet Airways about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced skepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. “We will not hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year,” he said. “All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production.” The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. “We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there,” Teal said. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all WASHINGTON: At first glance, US President Donald Trump and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen may... US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda NEW YORK: Strong trading results, rather than lending, was the driving force behind solid earnings... Why Trump the trade critic now offers an outstretched hand New Boeing 737 makes first flight World oil market ‘close to balance’ despite OPEC cuts, says IEA China’s economic outlook brightens as trade beats forecasts Load more Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda Why Trump the trade critic now offers an outstretched hand ITFC holds first African-Asian Cotton B2B Meeting Malabar Gold & Diamonds opens two outlets in Oman Hyundai to launch new Azera in Middle East Latest News Nicole Kidman fans get a treat as Cannes lineup unveiled 16 views YouTube congratulates Nancy Ajram for 1m subscribers 37 views India’s biggest film franchise hot on Hollywood’s heels 56 views Man dragged off United flight plans to sue: lawyers Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all FBI director: Public should know of agenda-driven fake news Opinion — Amir Taheri — Trump’s missile message to Assad: What next? — Dr. Majid Rafizadeh — How to end Iran’s occupation of Syria? — Zafar Adeel — Water security remains elusive — Nouriel Roubini — A fiscal reality test for US Republicans — Michael Mandelbaum — Will nuclear history repeat itself in Korea? — Frank Kane — Seven things I learned from my first visit to KSA More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Top US team heads to Kabul for war strategy 329 views In abrupt shift, Trump warms to China and NATO, sours on Russia 283 views Kim murder suspects appear in Malaysian court 241 views Gold hits five-month high as Trump comments hurt dollar 235 views Bangladesh buries extremist after hanging 211 views Correcting ‘historical injustice’ to allow Palestinian state: China 202 views Most Read Shared School closures announced as sandstorms expected to continue till Thursday 36034 views King Salman holds talks with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte 32781 views Riyadh-Manila ties cemented by 3 accords 31686 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 21261 views Philippine president arrives in Riyadh 17395 views Trump briefs Saudi Arabia’s King Salman on US strikes in Syria 11176 views Most Read Shared School closures announced as sandstorms expected to continue till Thursday 36034 views King Salman holds talks with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte 32781 views Riyadh-Manila ties cemented by 3 accords 31686 views Iran continues to sponsor terror: US defense chief 25784 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 21261 views Economy, project suspensions ‘hit Saudi expat remittances’ 20922 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Defense   A U.S. Air Force C-130 Hercules cargo aircraft with the 107th Airlift Wing fires off flares during a night formation training mission. A flare is an aerial infrared countermeasure to counter and infrared homing (heat seeking) surface-to-air or air-to-air missile. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Master Sgt. Ray Lloyd)    The DoD Has No Idea How Much The Mother Of All Bombs Costs Thomas Phippen Author 8:54 PM 04/13/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5592855 The giant bomb U.S. forces dropped Thursday on an ISIS training camp in Afghanistan did not cost $314 million to develop, or $16 million per unit as reported by multiple news outlets. Every news report about cost of the “Mother of All Bombs” relied on a misreading of a 2011 article or a dubious internet website that InfoWars once linked to with a “healthy bit of skepticism.” The actual cost of the bomb is unknown. The actual cost of the program isn’t publicly available because the Mother of All Bombs, officially known as GBU-43 or the Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB), is manufactured by the military and not a private defense company. (RELATED: US Drops ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ On ISIS In Afghanistan) In fact, the Air Force doesn’t even keep track of the per unit cost, nor the cost of the program as a whole, because it is not manufactured privately. “We don’t have a cost per unit” for the MOAB, Air Force spokesperson Ann Stefanek told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “These munitions were produced in-house so we don’t have a standard procurement cost associated with them.” The Air Force mostly used existing technologies and hardware for the first MOAB prototypes and never contracted out the full production of the bomb, so they did not need to itemize and add the cost of each weapon component, Stefanek told TheDCNF. Many reports Thursday, including USA Today, the Washington Examiner, CNBC and others, claimed the MOAB cost $314 million to develop, citing a 2011 Los Angeles Times report. The cost estimates in that article, however, only refer to the cost of the Air Force’s biggest bunker busting bomb, the 5,300 pound Massive Ordnance Penetrator (MOP), or GBU-57, which is built by private defense contractor Boeing Company. “At a total cost of about $314 million, the military has developed and ordered 20 of the GPS-guided bombs, called Massive Ordnance Penetrators,” the LA Times report says. The bomb dropped today in the middle of nowhere, Afghanistan, cost $314,000,000. https://t.co/mV6sJoMIFJ (credit @thenib) pic.twitter.com/aj0Om5RhAV — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) April 13, 2017 While the two bomb types are related, they serve different functions — the MOP is designed to destroy underground bunkers as deep as 200 feet below the surface, while the MOAP wipes out everything on the surface within a mile radius. The MOAB, like its Daisy Cutter predecessor, can only be dropped out of a C-130 built by Lockheed Martin, and the MOP is deployed from the B-2, a Boeing aircraft. Many news organizations, including TIME and CNBC, also cited Deagel.com, a site with extensive lists of weapons assets owned by multiple countries, which claims the MOAB costs $16 million per unit, the same amount as the reported cost of the MOP. Deagel links to no source to verify its information. The site’s IP is registered to an address in Spain, and the most press they’ve received was for a 2015 prediction that the U.S. population would drop by more than 80 percent by 2025 due to an economic and cultural collapse. “The American collapse is set to be far worse than the Soviet Union’s one [sic],” the forecast said. InfoWars wrote this disclaimer when it wrote up Deagel’s report: “…we publish this report with some hesitation and a healthy bit of skepticism, yet find it compelling enough given the current global environment that it may be of interest to readers.” The Air Force did award at least one contract in the development of the bomb to Dynetics, a defense contractor headquartered in Huntsville, Ala., for design of the bomb’s guidance system for the relatively low sum of $35,000. The MOAB was developed rapidly leading up to the Iraq war in 2002. The bomb is based on the BLU-82/B “Daisy Cutter” used to clear helicopter landing sites in jungles during the Vietnam war. The Air Force Research Laboratory ordered design concepts for “a 21,000-pound weapon system called the Massive Ordnance Air Blast” in April 2002, according to a 2014 report Dynetics delivered to the Senate Committee on Appropriations. Dynetics then partnered with the Air Force to build and test three prototypes of the MOAB on March 11, 2003. Anyone within 20 miles of Eglin Air Force Base in Florida that day would have been able to see a giant mushroom cloud on the horizon at 1 p.m. The Air Force then “produced more than 10 weapons and delivered them between April and May,” according to the Senate report, just nine weeks after the successful test. The rapid development of the weapon could have cost more than $314 million. “Every technical glitch or roadblock we encountered was worked out,” Robert Hammack, who lead the design team for AFRL, said in an Air Force post about the history of the MOAB. “Our team was filled with engineers and other people with deeply important skill sets necessary to pull this off.” The MOAB is reportedly constructed at McAlester Army Ammunition Plant, in Oklahoma, though a spokesman for McAlester could not confirm that to TheDCNF. The fact that the bomb was never used during the Iraq war doesn’t mean they didn’t have an effect, according to the Air Force. “The most amazing thing about MOAB is it’s the most powerful bomb ever built and has done its job — deterring the enemy — simply because they know about it,” Hammack said. Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Air Force, Dynetics, InfoWars, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor U.S. State Dept keeps hiring freeze as Tillerson looks to downsize Video Photo U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson attends a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov following their talks in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin By Yeganeh Torbati and Lesley Wroughton, Reuters Apr 13, 2017 at 4:17 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has maintained a hiring freeze at the State Department even though it was lifted for the rest of the federal government, a spokesman said on Thursday, as the agency begins to downsize before Congress approves funding cuts. Acting State Department spokesman Mark Toner confirmed that the hiring freeze would remain until the plan to downsize and reorganize had been fully developed. He could not give a timeline for the reorganization. “We can’t be onboarding people when we don’t know what our reorganization is going to ultimately look like,” Toner told a briefing for reporters. Trump’s budget proposal for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1 would cut 28 percent of the budget for U.S. diplomacy and foreign aid. Republicans and Democrats in Congress, which approves the budget, have rejected the prospect of such cuts. It was not known whether the White House directed Tillerson to keep the hiring freeze in place for the State Department or whether other agencies would also refuse to lift the hiring ban. Two State Department officials said Tillerson plans to downsize staff over a period of two to three years. Tillerson informed State Department employees of the decision on Wednesday, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters. While Trump’s original hiring freeze notice on Jan. 23 excluded political appointees, it has stopped the hiring of rank-and-file workers and the replacement of others who have resigned or retired. William Hoagland, senior vice president of the Bipartisan Policy Center, a Washington-based think tank, said the Trump administration may have to seek congressional approval if the hiring freeze changes the function of programs congress explicitly voted to fund. Hoagland said the administration would have to send what is known as an impoundment resolution if the State Department “jeopardizes what that agency is there to begin with by not filling positions that are vacated.” Congress would then have to approve the resolution, Hoagland said. The State Department’s Toner said Tillerson was not breaking any federal rule by maintaining the hiring freeze. “My understanding is that (Tillerson) has the jurisdiction to keep this freeze in place as we go about this presidentially-mandated” reorganization, Toner said. The Office of Management and Budget, which handles federal budgeting, did not respond to a request for comment. Trump’s budget director Mick Mulvaney told reporters on Tuesday that the hiring freeze would be lifted but that agencies will be asked to remain mindful of Trump’s goal to reduce the federal work force. Tillerson said in March that the State Department’s current spending was “simply not sustainable.” (Additional reporting by Patricia Zengerle and Arshad Mohammed.; Editing by Julia Edwards Ainsley, David Alexander and Alistair Bell) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' for ... Burger King thought it had a great idea. ... U.S. states' post-recession reserves shr ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Black Hawk County Metro Dubuque County Metro Johnson County Metro Linn County Metro Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor Man found unresponsive in University of Iowa dorm dies Cause of death not yet disclosed Video Photo Daum residence hall on the University of Iowa campus. (Gazette file photo) Lee Hermiston The Gazette More stories from Lee Apr 9, 2017 at 7:34 pm | Print View IOWA CITY — A drunk and unresponsive man found in a University of Iowa dormitory Saturday night has died, UI officials said Sunday. University of Iowa police were called to the Daum Residence Hall on the east side of campus at 10:44 p.m. Saturday for a report of an intoxicated and unresponsive man. Police arrived on scene three minutes later. The man — who has not been identified — was taken to the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, where he died. His cause of death has not been disclosed. The incident remains under investigation, and UI officials said they are not releasing any additional information at this time. While it is unknown how alcohol may have contributed to the death or whether the man was a UI student, the university reported last August that it had seen a decrease in high-risk drinking behavior among students. The UI’s 2016 National College Assessment showed 50.9 percent of students engaged in high-risk drinking. The survey showed that almost 73 percent of the nearly 600 UI students who responded reported using alcohol in the past 30 days, down from more than 83 percent in 2011; and about 23.2 percent of the respondents used alcohol on 10 or more days in the past 30, down from 30.4 percent in 2011. UI students in need of support are encouraged to contact University Counseling Services or Student Care and Assistance. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Johnson County Metro articles Oskaloosa man faces multiple drug charge ... Man found unresponsive in University of ... Funerals set for men killed in plane cra ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor Cedar Valley Townhomes to host community Easter egg hunt 2,000 plastic eggs, 600 boiled eggs on tap Saturday Video Photo Residents participate in Cedar Valley Townhomes’ 2016 Easter event. (Photo contributed by Veronica Johnson) Plastic eggs prepared for Cedar Valley Townhomes’ 2016 Easter event. (Photo contributed by Veronica Johnson) Hard-boiled eggs prepared for Cedar Valley Townhomes’ 2016 Easter event. (Photo contributed by Veronica Johnson) Residents participate in Cedar Valley Townhomes’ 2016 Easter event. (Photo contributed by Veronica Johnson) Mitchell Schmidt The Gazette More stories from Mitchell Apr 10, 2017 at 2:00 pm | Print View CEDAR RAPIDS — Residents of Cedar Valley Townhomes in Cedar Rapids are preparing for a full-fledged Easter celebration. That means a lot of work for Veronica Johnson, tenant council president for the apartment complex, 3000 J St. SW, who said the biggest challenge is preparing for the Saturday egg hunt. “We’re planning on doing about 2,000 plastic eggs and another 600 boiled eggs,” Johnson said, adding that neighborhood kids are invited to help dye the eggs on Friday. Those eggs will be placed in the complex’s courtyard for what Johnson describes as a “mad dash” egg hunt for both kids and adults. But thanks to support from neighbors and the community, Johnson said the event, which is now in its fourth year, has been a big success. She expects more than 200 people — residents and their family and friends — to attend Saturday. “It’s been really well planned and well carried out,” she said. The egg hunt starts at 3 p.m. with food served afterward. Effie McCollum, vice president of the tenant council, said the Easter celebration grows larger every year. “Everybody has a good time, they invite their friends and family. The kids really enjoy it, but the adults, they sometimes seem to have more fun than the kids,” McCollum said. In addition to an egg hunt, with prizes for participants, the annual Easter event includes a meal with hamburgers, hot dogs, baked beans, macaroni salad and desserts, McCollum said. Drop Inn Ministries, which promotes humanitarian efforts, will be donating all the food for the event, said Paula Pino, who manages the Drop Inn Resale Store at 1625 J St. SW. Pino said one of the ministries’ missions is to support local and international missions. “We just want to help the neighborhood that we’re in. The J Street apartments are right there and it’s a great way that we can help out,” Pino said. l Comments: (319) 339-3175; mitchell.schmidt@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next People & Places articles Kalona Community Center receives $500,00 ... Cedar Valley Townhomes to host community ... Storm Lake Times wins Pulitzer for edito ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor Kingsley Botchway announces bid for re-election to Iowa City Council Mayor Pro Tem touts accomplishments, outlines future goals Video Photo Kingsley Botchway II, shown here in 2013, has announced he is seeking re-election to the Iowa City Council. (Adam Wesley/The Gazette) Madison Arnold More stories from Madison Apr 10, 2017 at 5:46 pm | Print View IOWA CITY — Mayor Pro Tem Kingsley Botchway II announced Monday he’s seeking re-election to the Iowa City Council. Botchway, 31, who serves as one of four at-large members of the council, was elected to the City Council in 2013. He also works as the director of equity and engagement for the Iowa City Community School District. “There’s a level of confidence that gets built as you do the work over and over again. Now I’m asking questions that I didn’t ask at the beginning because I know more about the insides and outs of a particular process because I’ve gone through it, especially when you think about the budgetary process,” Botchway said. Increasing affordable housing and activities to support a healthier community as well as encouraging “smart” growth and economic development are a few of the goals Botchway outlined in the news release. He also touted the council’s recent activity such as creating the Affordable Housing Fund and the creation of social justice and racial equity grants. “You could talk about poverty; you could talk about food insecurity that is evasive in Johnson County that we need to spend some more time on and be wiling to have not only discussions but policies that speak to those things as well. For me it’s kind of digging deeper to ensure that we are providing access and equitable resources for marginalized individuals within Johnson County,” Botchway said. Botchway earned his bachelor’s degree in criminology from the University of South Carolina and a professional doctorate in law from the University of Iowa, according to the release. Three of seven council seats are up for election this year. Members of the Iowa City Council receive a salary $7,072.00 this year. Council member Susan Mims’ at-large term expires at the end of the year, but she announced she is running for council member Terry Dickens’ District B seat instead. Dickens previously told The Gazette he does not plan to seek re-election. Community organizer Mazahir Salih announced in March that she is running for an at-large seat as well. The filing period for Iowa City’s election is Aug. 14-31. The general election is Nov. 7 l Comments: (319) 339-3172; maddy.arnold@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Local Government articles Cedar Rapids affordable housing project ... Kingsley Botchway announces bid for re-e ... Cedar Rapids officials consider second c ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor Canada on track to legalize recreational pot by July 2018 Video Photo Canada’s Health Minister Jane Philpott (R-L), Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould and Bill Blair, the government’s point man on the legalised marijuana file, walk from Parliament Hill to a news conference in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Wattie By Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren, Reuters Apr 13, 2017 at 4:20 pm | Print View OTTAWA — Canada was on track to legalize recreational marijuana by July 2018 after the government put forward legislation on Thursday that will see it regulate production but left the details of how the drug will be sold up to the provinces. Recreational marijuana has been legalized in some U.S. states, including Colorado and Washington, but Canada would be the first Group of Seven country to do so nationally. The ruling Liberal party made legalization part of its successful 2015 election campaign and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has argued that it will keep marijuana out of the hands of underage users and reduce drug-related crime. “Criminal prohibition has failed to protect our kids and communities and we need a new approach,” said Bill Blair, the government’s point man on the issue and a former police chief. The government said it will provide details on a new licensing fee and tax system in the coming months. Blair said Ottawa was talking to provinces and producers to make sure the sale price will be “appropriate.” The provinces will be responsible for overseeing and approving retail sales of cannabis. Authorities have been battling a rise in illegal dispensaries, particularly in British Columbia and Ontario, for over a year. In jurisdictions that do not put a regulated retail framework in place, Canadians would be able to purchase marijuana online. The minimum legal age would be 18, though provinces would be able to raise that. Only cannabis grown by a federally licensed producer will be available for sale, though Canadians could grow up to four plants at home. Packaging would not be allowed to appeal to youth, include endorsements, or associate cannabis with a certain “way of life,” according to the legislation. An official panel recommended late last year that the government require plain packaging. While medical marijuana is already legal in Canada, consulting firm Deloitte has estimated annual sales of recreational marijuana could be as high as C$8.7 billion ($6.5 billion). Shares of marijuana producers were trading lower following the announcement, though the stocks have seen a run-up in anticipation of legalization. Canopy Growth Corp fell 3.8 percent to C$9.92, though the stock has more than tripled in the last year. OrganiGram Holdings Inc, which has nearly doubled, fell 9.7 percent to C$2.80. The market action was likely a “sell the news” reaction as the legislation was largely in line with what an official task force recommended last year, said Aaron Salz, founder of Stoic Advisory. The legislation will be reviewed in Parliamentary committees, where alterations could be made. But it is ultimately all but guaranteed to pass, as the Liberals have a majority in the House of Commons. ($1 = $1.3309 Canadian) (Reporting by Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren; Editing by Dan Grebler and Lisa Shumaker) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' for ... Burger King thought it had a great idea. ... U.S. states' post-recession reserves shr ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Wall St. falls as investors weigh global risks, bank results Business Standard New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead Reuters  |  SEATTLE/SYDNEY  April 14, 2017 Last Updated at 01:33 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUwK0q ALSO READ Boeing expects 737 MAX-9 to fly in April as larger version takes shape SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets - sources SpiceJet to seal $10 billion deal with Boeing for 737 jets, sources say PIA becomes first Pakistani airline to fly Boeing 737-800 Boeing gets $8.25 bln order for 737 MAX 8 planes from GE leasing By Alwyn Scott and Jamie Freed SEATTLE/SYDNEY (Reuters) - A new version of Boeing Co's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet and Jet Airways about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced scepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. "We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed in Sydney and Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by David Evans and Bernadette Baum) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On New Boeing 737 Makes First Flight As Larger Version Moves Ahead | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead SEATTLE/SYDNEY (Reuters) - A new version of Boeing Co's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. By Alwyn Scott and Jamie Freed SEATTLE/SYDNEY (Reuters) - A new version of Boeing Co's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet and Jet Airways about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced scepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. "We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed in Sydney and Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by David Evans and Bernadette Baum) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead By Alwyn Scott and Jamie Freed SEATTLE/SYDNEY (Reuters) - A new version of Boeing Co's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet and Jet Airways about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced scepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. "We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed in Sydney and Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by David Evans and Bernadette Baum) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Credit RSS | Thu Apr 13, 2017 | 4:01pm EDT In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank By Ginger Gibson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank’s acting chairman, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and former Caterpillar Inc chairman Doug Oberhelman, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc , United States Steel Corp and Pfizer Inc, cheered the move. “Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump’s vocal support for the bank,” said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im’s corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses,” he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. (Additional reporting by Steve Holland and David Lawder) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Credit RSS Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from S.Korea if crisis hits TOKYO, April 14 Japan's National Security Council discussed how to evacuate its nearly 60,000 citizens from South Korea in the event of a crisis, a government official said on Friday, amid rising concern over North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. JPMorgan tries TV stars, political muscle to regain mortgage footing NEW YORK, April 14 After having to stomach $31 billion worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase & Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Friday, April 14, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Farm loan waiver: Yogi Adityanath doesn't get it; it's the death of credit culture that costs the poor dearly 'BR Ambedkar was a theoretician': Kanshi Ram's hubris and why BSP remained just a party of North India Delhi bypolls: AAP’s political loss may be temporary, but its moral plank has withered away forever Ambedkar Jayanti: Why Rohith Vemula was a truer Ambedkarite than any politician will ever be BJP’s love for Dr BR Ambedkar is superficial like Congress' and circumvents his core ideas EVM tampering: SC issues notice to Centre and EC on using voting machines with paper trail Sports IPL 2017: SRH's Ben Laughlin opens up about life as freelance cricketer, death bowling and facing AB de Villiers Singapore Open: PV Sindhu, Kidambi Srikanth overcome poor starts to reach quarter-finals IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab need to rethink batting order as they were outsmarted and outplayed by KKR IPL 2017: KKR far from flawless despite big win, sloppy fielding will hurt them in long run Europa League: Manchester United denied by Leander Dendoncker, violence mars Lyon-Besiktas IPL 2017: MS Dhoni a champion in ODIs but not sure if he's a good T20 player, says Sourav Ganguly India Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's Art of Living festival: Yamuna will take 10 years to recover at Rs 13.29 cr Digital India Day today: Narendra Modi to launch BHIM-Aadhaar platform, two other schemes Ban on cow slaughter: 99.38% Indians now live in areas under cow-protection laws Ambedkar Jayanti: When talking about caste in 2017, it's wise to take a look inwards Left-wing groups speak of women's empowerment, but their politics are still dominated by men I-T dept explains how it identified 60,000 people for probe after note ban: Full text World 'Mother of all bombs': US strike kills at least 36 IS militants, report Afghan officials Sheila Abdus-Salaam, United States' first female Muslim judge, drowns in New York's Hudson River Donald Trump's week of flip-flops, abandoned promises, new friends and policy changes Syria's Bashar al-Assad denies using chemical weapons, calls US allegations '100 percent fabrication' Afghanistan: US drops largest non-nuke, dubbed 'mother of all bombs', on Islamic State tunnel China warns against force as North Korea prepares celebration | Reuters Business Digital India Day today: Narendra Modi to launch BHIM-Aadhaar platform, two other schemes I-T dept explains how it identified 60,000 people for probe after note ban: Full text Farm loan waiver: Yogi Adityanath doesn't get it; it's the death of credit culture that costs the poor dearly Demonetisation: I-T dept detects Rs 9,334 crore black money, 60,000 people to be probed Infosys co-chair Ravi Venkatesan is a tech veteran, philanthropist and animal lover SoftBank infuses Rs 1,675 crore in Ola Cabs; fresh funds to help Bengaluru co take on rival Uber Life Ambedkar Jayanti 2017: A look at the life of Dalits through Sudharak Olwe's eyes Ambedkar Jayanti 2017: Here's a look at Dalit History Month to explore forgotten narratives Entertainment Ekta Kapoor on ALTBalaji: 'Our target group is the big world between Narcos and Naagin' Raabta first look: Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon look head-over-heels in love Begum Jaan movie review: Vidya Balan and feminism deserve better than this soulless film Padmavati: Despite protests and setbacks, Deepika-starrer directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali to release as per schedule Begum Jaan movie review LIVE: All bow down to Vidya Balan, the begum who means business Raveena Tandon, on going from 'Mast Mast' girl to Maatr, and motherhood: Life has come full circle Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead | Reuters New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 14 2017 02:16:35 IST #Reuters By Alwyn Scott and Jamie Freed | SEATTLE/SYDNEY SEATTLE/SYDNEY A new version of Boeing Co's (BA.N) 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020.Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina.The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager.With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus (AIR.PA) A321neo.Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that programme when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters.CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet (SPJT.BO) and Jet Airways (JET.NS) about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects.However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced scepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models.The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing."We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production."The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month."We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed in Sydney and Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by David Evans and Bernadette Baum) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 14, 2017 02:16 am | Updated Date: Apr 14, 2017 02:16 am Also See Pirates hijack Indian vessel off coast of Somalia | Reuters As Israeli settlement growth slows, some drift away | Reuters Another train derails at New York's Penn Station, one injured | Reuters Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 14 RCB Vs MI 2 Apr 14 GL Vs RPS 3 Apr 15 KKR Vs SRH 4 Apr 15 DD Vs KXIP 5 Apr 16 MI Vs GL Full Schedule Top Stories Farm loan waiver: Yogi Adityanath doesn't get it; it's the death of credit culture that costs the poor dearly Kerala ISIS Recruits Caught in 'Mother of All Bombs' Dropped by US in Afghanistan? Begum Jaan movie review: Vidya Balan and feminism deserve better than this soulless film 'Mother of all bombs': US strike kills at least 36 IS militants, report Afghan officials Travel and enjoy the tax benefits of leave travel allowance IPL 2017: KKR far from flawless despite big win, sloppy fielding will hurt them in long run I-T dept explains how it identified 60,000 people for probe after note ban: Full text Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG Live Now Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PUN Kolkata Knight Riders beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs HYD Mumbai Indians beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs DEL Delhi Daredevils beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 97 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs BLR Kings XI Punjab beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs KOL Mumbai Indians beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Pakistan beat West Indies by 74 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs GUJ Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Gujarat Lions by 9 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs MUM - Apr 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PNE - Apr 14th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs HYD - Apr 15th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PUN - Apr 15th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs GUJ - Apr 16th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs PNE - Apr 16th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs KOL - Apr 17th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PUN - Apr 17th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs BLR - Apr 18th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 40-58 We set you thinking Friday 14 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Car in flames at Serangoon Road 1492149000 Lifestyle Sheikh Haikel’s ‘secret menu’ is a hedonistic experience 1492152709 World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies 1492151952 Voices S’pore’s religious harmony is priceless 1492151213 World About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A 1492150912 World Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor 1492149164 Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters 1492147571 World Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits 1492146779 World North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region 1492146032 Business Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report 1492143871 Sports S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team 1492098060 Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” 1492119360 Sports FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS 1492097460 Business Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints 1492139518 Entertainment Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen 1492092960 Lifestyle Star Wars, Disney-themed events to come to Singapore under Disney tie-up: STB 1492049700 Sports Fiji sevens team back on track after post-Olympic slump, says coach 1491999600 Business Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries 1492137073 Singapore S’pore churches beef up security for Good Friday, Easter services 1492095360 World China's Hebei vows to learn lessons from new graft probe 1492131036 World Brazil's Temer calls $40 million Odebrecht bribe accusation 'a lie' 1492130215 Business Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks 1492115732 Business Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources 1492129282 Business Loan growth stalls despite profit, trading gains at some U.S. banks 1492124771 World U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' for first time in Afghanistan 1492117712 World CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile intelligence service' 1492125840 World U.N. votes to close, replace Haiti peacekeeping mission 1492124372 Business BlackRock cuts CEO Larry Fink's pay 'modestly' in 2016: filing 1492122921 Commentary Why is Trump fighting ISIS in Syria? 1491982560 World North Korea may be capable of sarin-loaded missiles: Japan PM 1492078260 World Bus crash with fuel tanker in Mexico kills at least 24 1492112243 Business GM to add 1,100 jobs in California over five years at self-driving unit 1492121426 Business Netflix scorecard to test mettle of tech rally 1492117863 World Brazil's Temer agrees to pension bill changes amid corruption probe 1492117817 World Turkey's Erdogan says emergency rule could be extended upon expiry 1492112532 Business T-Mobile, Dish bid combined $14 billion in U.S. airwaves auction: FCC 1492117373 World In historic referendum, Turkey's Erdogan faces his biggest test 1492108542 Business Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues 1492111756 Business AIG's board denies CEO 2016 cash bonus after dismal earnings 1492115424 Business New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead 1492107774 Business Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh 1492109375 Business Treasury yields down, stocks fall on global risks 1492115923 World United passenger to launch legal action over forced removal from plane 1492113733 World Govt has done little to tackle cost of living issues: DAP 1492113733 Sports Securing sports events now more complex than ever 1492113732 Commentary Why an IS caliphate in Mindanao is unlikely 1492113732 Voices Carry out thorough checks before allowing religious leaders into S’pore 1492113732 Voices Firms stand to gain by investing in mental well-being of workers 1492113731 World China warns against use of force to resolve regional tensions 1492113731 Commentary How economics, politics and tech shape the new back office 1492113731 Business New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead Handout of Boeing’s new 737 MAX 9 aircraft is seen during takeoff on its first flight in Renton. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 2:10 AM, April 14, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, April 14, 2017 SEATTLE/SYDNEY - A new version of Boeing Co's <BA.N> 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made its initial flight, a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967, and follows the first flight of Boeing's largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, last month, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market, said Michael Teal, 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which would compete against the popular Airbus <AIR.PA> A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. CHINA "The China market and airlines there are very interested in the (MAX) 9 and 10 depending on their needs," said Teal. "We're looking at putting together deals for the China market today on both the 9 and the 10." Boeing said in March it had approached India's SpiceJet <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways <JET.NS> about the MAX 10X, which its marketing chief says would offer the best efficiency in that part of the market, a claim Airbus rejects. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have voiced skepticism about the appeal of the MAX 10X and suggested it would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X would be 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the current largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and add 12 seats. It would require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear was still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and, really, the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month. "We start with several airplanes in May, more in June and more in July and we start the ramp-up from there," Teal said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players World trade seen growing 2.4% in 2017, uncertainty weighs: WTO Western Digital says Toshiba breaching contract, wants exclusive chip talks Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Inside Today World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” Securing sports events now more complex than ever S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS Super Rugby team Sunwolves play Good Samaritans Entertainment Kit Chan faces her fears of acting Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen Edmund Chen regrets being ‘too friendly’ with a stranger Belinda Carlisle to perform in Singapore Film-maker Anthony Chen only has patience for children and animals About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes off on first flight Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes off on first flight Apr 13, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes off on its maiden flight. Boeing/Craig Larsen Related Media Photo Gallery: The first flight of Boeing's 787-10 Advertisement Boeing’s first 737 MAX 9, the second variant of the re-engined 737, launched its maiden flight Thursday, officially starting its flight test program. The aircraft took off at 10:52 a.m. PST and completed its flight 2 hours, 42 minutes later, landing at 1:34 p.m PST. The company rolled out the aircraft March 7 at its Renton, Washington facility. The CFM International LEAP-1B-powered MAX 9's first flight comes just over 14 months after the MAX 8 achieved first flight. While airborne, test pilots Capt. Christine Walsh and Capt. Ed Wilson performed tests on the MAX 9's flight controls, systems and handling, Boeing said. The MAX 9 will next undergo comprehensive flight testing before customer deliveries begin in 2018.  As of March 31, Boeing's MAX program, which also includes the MAX 7 and MAX 8 variants, has 3,703 firm orders from 86 customers. Customers for the MAX 9 variant include Aeromexico, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, US lessor Aviation Capital Group, Irish lessor Avolon, Icelandair, Indonesian low-cost carrier (LCC) Lion Air (with 201 aircraft on order, by far the biggest customer for the MAX 9), Turkish Airlines and United Airlines, among others. The MAX 9 has a maximum capacity of 220 passengers and a range of 3,515 nautical miles. Boeing said the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200 variants will roll out in 2019.  Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing 737 MAX takes off for first time   Boeing 737 MAX completes first flight; rose to 25,000 feet 2   Boeing sets 737 MAX’s first flight for Jan. 29   737 MAX’s first flight starts a year of transition for Boeing   Boeing rolls out first 737 MAX 9   Blogs & Commentary Apr 11, 2017 blog Munoz’s apology may not be enough Let’s start with today’s good news for United. The CEO issued a full apology for the awful bumped-then-dragged passenger incident, took full responsibility and promised a full review of the company’s crew transport and over-booking procedures....More Apr 10, 2017 blog United bumped passenger video damages all airlines The news and video that emerged today of a passenger being roughly dragged from a United Airlines aircraft for no other reason than the airline had oversold the flight is truly disturbing....More Apr 5, 2017 blog EASA’s safety warning raises most important question on electronic carry-on bans EASA’s safety bulletin issued today warning of the hazards of loading lots of personal electronics in the cargo hold rather than let passengers carry them onboard as usual is really quite damning of the new US and UK security rules....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 12, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales to automate new movie releases Technology provider Thales is hoping to automate new movie releases on its AVANT inflight entertainment (IFE) system from around 2020 and to introduce live TV replay functionality by 2018....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales poised to announce full-suite IFEC customer Technology provider Thales has signed a contract with an unnamed customer, covering its entire suite of inflight entertainment and connectivity (IFEC) products, which should be made public by June....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: STG Aerospace certifies square reading light UK-based aircraft lighting specialist STG Aerospace has certified a square reading light and secured floor path lighting contracts with China Eastern Airlines and Icelandair....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy skies during the morning hours followed by scattered showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. High 79F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low 62F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Jacquelyn Martin A man walks past the Export-Import Bank of the United States, Tuesday, July 28, 2015, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank By Ginger Gibson Reuters 12 hrs ago (…) Jacquelyn Martin A man walks past the Export-Import Bank of the United States, Tuesday, July 28, 2015, in Washington. (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) WASHINGTON • President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co. and General Electric Co. which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank’s acting chairman, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and former Caterpillar Inc chairman Doug Oberhelman, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc, United States Steel Corp. and Pfizer Inc., cheered the move. “Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump’s vocal support for the bank,” said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im’s corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses,” he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. Additional reporting by Steve Holland and David Lawder. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Donald Trump Politics Company Institutes View (…) comments Most popular Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters In unusual vote, St. Louis TIF Commission holds up downtown hotel project Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section HOK and RDG complete Lauritzen Outpatient Center UMB Bank selects Gebhard as VP for commercial banking People in Business Business Calendar Medical research roundup Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Cabin Interiors & Connectivity > IFE > Qantas starts beta testing inflight connectivity Qantas starts beta testing inflight connectivity Apr 13, 2017 Alan Dron EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Qantas Boeing 737-800 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: Latest developments in cabin interiors Advertisement Australian flag carrier Qantas has moved a step closer to providing inflight connectivity on its domestic aircraft fleet. Following several months of tests with broadband provider ViaSat and nbn’s Sky Muster service, the airline is now operating Wi-Fi in beta mode on a Boeing 737-800. Up to 15,000 passengers a month will be able to try the service free of charge while the airline continues to fine-tune the system. ViaSat provides Qantas with connectivity between the aircraft, the high capacity satellites and the ground stations, which together provide a link to the internet. Nbn designs, builds and operates Australia’s national broadband service. Sky Muster is a broadband Ka-band satellite service that covers mainland Australia, Tasmania and several nearby island groups. Beta mode testing is anticipated to last until mid-2017, after which the system will be rolled out to Qantas’ 80-strong domestic fleet of Airbus 330-200s and -300s, as well as its Boeing 737s. The program should be complete by end 2018. Qantas said the system will offers connectivity speeds up to 10 times faster than conventional onboard Wi-Fi and will allow passengers to stream films, TV shows, music and news. Users will also have access to email and social media, or can shop online. Like several other airlines, the Australian carrier has decided to not to allow passengers to make inflight phone calls, fearing this will irritate nearby fellow travelers. “Inflight Wi-Fi has been on our wish list for quite a while, but the sheer size of Australia meant it was hard to offer a service that was fast and reliable,” Qantas Group CEO Alan Joyce said on a demonstration flight over New South Wales. “The nbn has made it possible.” Joyce said the technology on-board this 737 is “a generation ahead of what most airlines around the world have and there’s a fair amount of complexity involved. That’s why we’ve installed it on one aircraft for the first few months until we’ve finished fine-tuning and are ready to roll out to the rest of the domestic fleet.” Wi-Fi will also provide Qantas pilots and cabin crew with real-time information that the airline said will improve efficiency and the passenger experience. Pilots will be able to access detailed live weather, which will help them steer clear of turbulence as well as making better use of tailwinds to reduce flying time. Cabin crew will have more options to better manage customers’ onward journeys while still in the air. Qantas is in discussions with suppliers to develop an internet product for its international fleet that can overcome a number of technical, performance and coverage challenges. Customer research commissioned by Qantas recently showed the most popular uses for Wi-Fi on domestic flights would be a mix of emails (52% of respondents), internet browsing (46%), streaming music/TV/movies (31%), social media (30%) and news (30%). Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Lufthansa closes in on BoardConnect firm deals   Asia set to lead IFE connectivity development   Thales expects 98% passenger connectivity on upgraded JetBlue A320s   Gogo to upgrade satellite modem for enhanced inflight connectivity   Lufthansa Systems expands partner network for BoardConnect IFE   Blogs & Commentary Apr 11, 2017 blog Munoz’s apology may not be enough Let’s start with today’s good news for United. The CEO issued a full apology for the awful bumped-then-dragged passenger incident, took full responsibility and promised a full review of the company’s crew transport and over-booking procedures....More Apr 10, 2017 blog United bumped passenger video damages all airlines The news and video that emerged today of a passenger being roughly dragged from a United Airlines aircraft for no other reason than the airline had oversold the flight is truly disturbing....More Apr 5, 2017 blog EASA’s safety warning raises most important question on electronic carry-on bans EASA’s safety bulletin issued today warning of the hazards of loading lots of personal electronics in the cargo hold rather than let passengers carry them onboard as usual is really quite damning of the new US and UK security rules....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Apr 12, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales to automate new movie releases Technology provider Thales is hoping to automate new movie releases on its AVANT inflight entertainment (IFE) system from around 2020 and to introduce live TV replay functionality by 2018....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: Thales poised to announce full-suite IFEC customer Technology provider Thales has signed a contract with an unnamed customer, covering its entire suite of inflight entertainment and connectivity (IFEC) products, which should be made public by June....More Apr 11, 2017 Article AIX 2017: STG Aerospace certifies square reading light UK-based aircraft lighting specialist STG Aerospace has certified a square reading light and secured floor path lighting contracts with China Eastern Airlines and Icelandair....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Gary Jet Center Receives Supplier of the Year Award from The Boeing Company GARY, Ind., April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Gary Jet Center has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Global Diversity category by The Boeing Company. Gary Jet Center was one of 13 companies honored April 12, 2017 at a gala in Dallas, TX for distinguished performance in working with Boeing. Gary Jet Center previously was honored with this award in 2013. In January, Gary Jet Center was notified that it was one of 480 companies to receive the Boeing Performance Excellence Award which rewards performance excellence. Achieving the Supplier of the Year designation further acknowledges superior performance and labels this class of winners as best of the best. "Boeing's success is a testament to the partnerships we hold with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as Gary Jet Center," said Kent Fisher, Boeing's leader for enterprise Supplier Management. "Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that give our customers a competitive edge." This year's recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in nearly 48 countries around the world. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. "We are honored to have been recognized by The Boeing Company as a 2016 Supplier of the Year", said Lynn Eplawy, President of the Gary Jet Center. "We are proud of the work we do to support Boeing's missions around the world, and are forever appreciative of the opportunities Boeing has given us in being one of their many suppliers. Our team's commitment to quality, safety and exceptional customer service is the cornerstone of our success, and we are grateful to The Boeing Company for allowing us to be a part of their operation." The Gary Jet Center provides aircraft maintenance and repair, as well as global flight technical support and line services to their Executive Flight Operations, based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport (KGYY) in Gary, Indiana. About Gary Jet Center Gary Jet Center, www.garyjetcenter.com, is an aviation services company based at the Gary/Chicago International Airport, located 25 minutes from downtown Chicago. A family-owned and operated company, the Gary Jet Center provides fixed base operations to a variety of corporate and general aircraft, aircraft management services to over a dozen aircraft owners, Part 135 Charter operations, and two Part 145 Maintenance certificates. With over 110,000 sq. ft. of hangar space and a consistent focus on exceptional customer service, Gary Jet Center is poised to accommodate and service the corporate jet market in the Chicagoland area.      SOURCE Gary Jet Center CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Awards, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trout stocking crews active across Washington; Preparations continue for April 22 opening day Next PostNext Comerica Bank Names Andrew M. Bodisco Regional Market President Search Recent Posts United States Barium Thiosulfate Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Colore Art’s Colored Pencils Is Now Available To Buy At Amazon United States Automotive Lead-acid Battery Market Supply-Demand, Industry Research and End User Analysis to 2021 United States Acetate Ester Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Europe Bromoethane Market 2017:Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ball Co. (BLL) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Boeing Co (BA) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Brokerages Anticipate Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) to Announce $0.85 EPS TopBuild Corp (BLD) Now Covered by Analysts at Nomura AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) Upgraded to Buy at Bank of America Corp Alcoa Corp (AA) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Armada Hoffler Properties Inc (AHH) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Expect Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) to Post $0.86 EPS Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Genesco (GCO) Share Price K2M Group Holdings (KTWO) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Country Club Trust Company n.a. Has $241,000 Stake in Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows International Bancshares Corp (IBOC) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.47 Delek Us Holdings, Inc. Purchases 4,300 Shares of Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) to Hold Imageware Systems Inc (IWSY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) to “Hold” Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at BMO Capital Markets Boeing Co (BA) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has $183.96 target price on the aircraft producer’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently commented on BA. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price target on shares of Boeing from $185.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Berenberg Bank began coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They issued a buy rating and a $202.00 price target for the company. Gabelli reissued a buy rating on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $124.00 price target on shares of Boeing and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Argus raised their price target on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $161.82. Boeing (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.41% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $176.77. The company had a trading volume of 135,742 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $108.27 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.23 and a beta of 1.08. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $178.59 and its 200-day moving average is $158.25. Boeing has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $185.71. Boeing also saw some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Stock investors bought 1,301 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 121% compared to the typical volume of 588 put options. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.60 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Boeing will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/boeing-co-ba-upgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-buy.html. In other Boeing news, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total value of $15,745,607.28. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares in the company, valued at $15,692,889.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total transaction of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of BA. Capital Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Boeing by 31.5% in the third quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 27,708 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $3,650,000 after buying an additional 6,635 shares in the last quarter. Westwood Management Corp IL purchased a new stake in shares of Boeing during the third quarter valued at $263,000. Rothschild Investment Corp IL increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 5.5% in the third quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 95,306 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $12,556,000 after buying an additional 4,985 shares during the last quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing by 8.1% in the third quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 4,527 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $596,000 after buying an additional 341 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Western Capital Management Co purchased a new stake in shares of Boeing during the third quarter valued at $1,531,000. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Technology Lab — Fighting Falcon puts off retirement: F-16 to fly for USAF through 2048 Lockheed Martin gets order to upgrade F-16s for 12,000 flight-hour life. Sean Gallagher - Apr 13, 2017 1:14 pm UTC Enlarge US Air Force reader comments 191 Share this story The last of the gunfighters will not be hanging up its holster any time soon. While the Trump administration has been playing Let's Make a Deal with Lockheed Martin and Boeing over the future of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the Department of Defense has decided to extend the life of yet another old warhorse to fill the gap. At least 300 F-16 Fighting Falcons will receive structural and avionics upgrades that will allow them to fly until at least 2048, thanks to a Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) with Lockheed Martin. The Obama administration had already made plans for the A-10 Thunderbolt to stay in service until 2022 to fill the close air support role and had plotted an upgrade to the F-16 as well since 2012. But the task of pulling the trigger on the F-16 upgrade was left to the Trump administration. "Following F-16 Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) structural modifications, the US Air Force could safely operate [F-16C and D] Block 40-52 aircraft to 2048 and beyond," Air Force officials said in a release. The F-16 was a product of a push by a group of analysts within the Air Force known as the "Fighter Mafia" for a lightweight fighter—a counterpart to the F-15 Eagle in what was referred to as a "high-low mix" (with the expensive, high-tech F-15 being the "high"). The F-16 was the winner of a "fly-before-buy" bake-off—an approach to procurement that many critics of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter may be nostalgic for. The Fighting Falcon entered service a bit less "low" than the Fighter Mafia (as embodied by John Boyd, Pierre Sprey, and Thomas Christie) may have wanted. But it has since become the workhorse fighter for over two dozen countries' air forces. And it has been the backbone of the US' air campaigns in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan, even more than the fabled A-10—in the campaign against the Islamic State (also known as Daesh or ISIS), the F-16 has flown more than half of the 87,000 sorties flown against IS targets as of March. A lot was made of the F-16's "victory" over an F-35 in simulated dogfights in 2016, though the Air Force and Lockheed were quick to explain that the test was not intended as a competition. Still, the F-16's antiquated systems would put it at a distinct disadvantage against many more modern fighters. So while the structural improvements to the aircraft will add at least 4,000 operating hours to their original life cycle of 8,000 air-hours, perhaps the most important part of the modernization program will be to its avionics, including an active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar that would allow simultaneous targeting of both air and ground targets. (The current radar in the F-16C and D aircraft is a mechanically scanned array.) Filling gaps While many F-16s have been shifted to Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve units, the F-16 is still part of the Air Force's active force, with about 950 aircraft still in service. The Air Force has also announced plans to have F-16s take over the air defense interceptor roles currently filled by the F-15 Eagle in both the active Air Force and Air Guard—providing a less expensive alternative to keeping the F-15s in those roles in service. The life extension also means that foreign air forces dependent on the F-16 will likely not have to worry about a reduction in the availability of parts and support. And there are new customers for F-16 aircraft keeping Lockheed's assembly line in action: the Iraqi Air Force (which will eventually receive a total of 36) and Pakistan have F-16s on order, with India and others looking at potential F-16 buys. And Greece, the Netherland Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, and Jordan (among others) have recent support contracts. But the number of flight-hours F-16s have been clocking in combat conditions also means that there's a spike in demand for F-16 parts. Even before the US Air Force announcement, the defense and aerospace logistics company ISO Group had anticipated a surge in maintenance for the Air Force's F-16 fleet based on analysis of fleet data. "Using our data, we were able to project a significant rise in the need for F-16 parts for 2018," said Alex Techoueyres, senior vice president of global sales at ISO Group. "Our system looks at part order history, part life-span, the number of active planes and other data. Before the announcement, it had already predicted an increase in F-16 part demand for 2018." With fully combat-capable F-35 squadrons still years away and the useful lives of many F-16s nearing their end (the F-16D rolled off assembly lines in the 1990s), that spike is not likely to ease any time soon. Sean Gallagher Sean is Ars Technica's IT Editor. A former Navy officer, systems administrator, and network systems integrator with 20 years of IT journalism experience, he lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland. Email sean.gallagher@arstechnica.com // Twitter @thepacketrat reader comments 191 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Digital Trends Home > Home > The architects at Cover can design your pre-fab… The architects at Cover can design your pre-fab home in 3 days for $250 By Clayton Moore — April 9, 2017 5:00 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you There are a wide variety of prefabricated homes on the market, but Cover is changing the landscape by offering unique, precision built homes at a fraction of the cost of its competitors. A new Los Angeles-based startup is getting into the business of prefabricated homes in a unique way by combining technology, efficiency, and a one-stop-shop approach. Cover was founded by architects Alexis Rivas and Jemuel Joseph in 2014, with an eye towards building precision-designed homes that aren’t dependent on an army of architects, engineers, and general contractors. The company’s work comes in at a time of abundance for prefab home builds, ranging from stackable shipping container homes to igloos. But the architects at Cover are convinced their approach is different from any other prefab, design-build, or engineering model that has ever existed. More: Honomobo’s modular shipping container homes seem straight out of science fiction Their tactic is certainly comprehensive. The process starts by sending potential customers a survey of 50-100 questions pertaining to a variety of needs, from lifestyle to appliances to special awareness. That’s a typical first step for generic architecture firms, but the difference with Cover is in how the firm utilizes those answers. Cover uses CATIA, a multi-platform software design suite developed by Dassault Systemes, to analyze the data gathered from the client and generate hundreds of unique building designs. The program is widely used for manufacturing in the aerospace industry — Boeing used it to design the Boeing 777 and 787 airliners — but the software is rarely used in the architecture industry. In fact, the practice of using the software to design homes is so uncommon that one of the only architects using it is world-renowned architect Frank Gehry, who uses it to design his curvilinear buildings. The software is unique in its capacity for designing home models that are responsive to their environment. The architects at Cover can leverage sun path and geospatial data to place windows in the most optimal location to get light throughout the day, as well as optimizing the home’s energy performance. To that end, the company delivers on its promise at an astonishing pace and cost. Most clients can get a complete design and price estimate within three business days for $250. Another unique aspect to Cover is its target market; instead of focusing on the custom designs and constructions that generic home builders offer, the company is focused on accessory dwelling units — detached living space intended for use as a home office, guest bedroom or in-law suite. Naturally, a full construct costs considerably more than the initial design, but Cover is committed to walking buyers through the entire process. The permitting process runs about $20,000 and takes between two and five months. A Cover structure generally costs between $250 to $350 per square foot. Once permitting is completed, Cover can construct a unit within 12 weeks. In other words, a customer could conceivably buy a home and move in within six months. Once permitting is completed, Cover can construct a unit within 12 weeks. The sample prices for completed units on the Cover website run between $70,000 for a guest room to $250,000 for a two-bedroom unit. In a housing-starved market like Los Angeles, the prices would still be a bargain, which is part of the reason Cover recently bought a factory in the sprawling city. Construction is just as efficient as the design process, since Cover essentially builds its structures like a Revell snap-tite model. The company uses CNC machines and automated cutting tools to make the fabrication process seamless, adding detail and precision to a process where problems often emerge. The structures are based on steel frames, and are covered with insulated, waterproofed panels that include the electrical and plumbing systems. Once on-site, the whole unit snaps together like building a bookshelf from Ikea. The company’s attitude towards energy and cost-efficiency is partially rooted in Rivas’ experience as an intern at high-end architectural firms in Toronto, where multi-million-dollar builds earned superior finishing and design details. “It was a shame that these details would be built once for one client,” he recently told Co.Design. Instead, he says on the Cover website, the company’s long-term goal is “to make thoughtfully designed and well-built homes for everyone, not just the high-end market.” Cover’s factory is designed to have the capacity to produce 100 accessory dwelling units annually, but the company is growing quickly. The four-person team has already produced one structure, and has seven projects in the design phase, ranging from a $90,000 backyard office to a $300,000 one-bedroom home. Yet the Cover team’s goal is to consistently make their products more affordable by reinvesting profits in research and development to produce a more efficient design and manufacturing process. “A world where we’ve succeeded is a world where everyone is able to live in beautiful, healthy, functional spaces tailored to their specific way of living,” says Rivas. “A world where buildings enhance our environment, not consume its resources. None of this is easy, but it’s important, and that’s why we’re doing it.”
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Space Sojourn 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 03 46 PM IST Airbus faces setback as Delta reviews $14 billion wide-body jet order Delta Air Lines is studying its twin-aisle orders amid signs the long-range travel market is saturated, says Delta CEO Ed Bastian Subscribe to our newsletter. Julie JohnssonMichael Sasso Delta Air Lines had made an order for the Airbus A350 and A330neo. Photo: Airbus Chicago/Atlanta: Airbus SE’s expansion into Boeing Co.’s home market faces a potential setback as Delta Air Lines Inc. reviews a $14 billion purchase of the European planemaker’s two-newest wide-body models. The Atlanta-based carrier, known as an influential and shrewd aircraft buyer, is studying its twin-aisle orders amid signs the long-range travel market is saturated, Ed Bastian, Delta’s chief executive officer, said during a quarterly earnings call Wednesday. While he didn’t name Airbus, Delta has no twin-aisle orders pending with Boeing, according to the US company’s online database. “We continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry,” Bastian said, adding that Delta, which has orders for the Airbus A350 and A330neo, is in discussions with planemakers. “We continue to look internally as to what that means for Delta. You could anticipate some reductions, I think, broadly over the next several years.” Word of the review intensifies concerns that demand for long-haul planes is weakening as a long jet-buying binge draws to close. American Airlines Group Inc. last year deferred its A350 order, while United Continental Holdings Inc. said it may swap its A350 purchase for smaller planes. Wide-body worry “It definitely contributes to what’s been a building caution, or wall of worry around the wide-body market,” said Ken Herbert, an aerospace analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Airbus shares traded 0.6% lower at €71.51 as of 9:29 am in Paris. They closed 0.9% higher Wednesday after Bastian’s remarks, paring earlier gains of as much as 1.5%. Boeing closed down 1.4% to $176.05, the second-biggest slide among the 30 members of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Airbus confirmed that it is in touch with Delta, while declining to go into detail. “It’s not appropriate for us to comment on our customers’ internal analysis,” spokeswoman Mary Anne Greczyn said by email. “However, as a leading aircraft manufacturer, Airbus continually engages our customers around the world to help optimize their fleet needs.” ALSO READ: Airbus hopes to build new European fighter jet The Toulouse, France-based company out-duelled Boeing for Delta’s 50-jet order in 2014 and is slated to begin delivering the first of 25 A350s later this year. They’re intended to replace the Boeing 747 jumbos that once shuttled Delta’s passengers to Asia. The airline has also ordered 25 A330neo, a model that’s yet to fly, as a replacement for its oldest Boeing 767s. The prospect of Delta postponing or cancelling the wide-body order adds to uncertainty over Airbus’s efforts to make inroads in the US with its next-generation models. American last year delayed A350 deliveries by an average 26 months and is due to take the first of 22 planes next year, spokesman Joshua Freed said. The planes were ordered by US Airways Group, which merged with American in 2013. United said last year it was reviewing its purchase of A350-1000s. Delta, too, could defer orders to a schedule that better fits its demand forecasts, or shift the mix to other models, according to aviation consultant Scott Hamilton. The carrier may issue a request for proposals for single-aisle aircraft that would pit Boeing’s 737 Max against Airbus’s A321neo and will also need a mid-market aircraft, such as the lighter-weight regional A330 or the so-called 797 under consideration at Boeing, he said by email. “At face value, the Delta statement might seem alarming,” Hamilton said. “But as so often becomes the case, the ‘review’ may not be what it seems.” Sales of twin-aisle jets have slowed as the market absorbs a surplus after Boeing and Airbus boosted output at a 16% annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Late last year, Boeing announced a second cut to the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while A330neo orders have stalled, he said. In December, Delta scrapped a longstanding order for 18 Boeing 787 Dreamliners that it inherited in its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. At the time, the airline said the decision was consistent with the need “to prudently address our wide-body aircraft needs.”Bloomberg Mary Schlangenstein and Benjamin Katz also contributed to this story. Julie JohnssonMichael Sasso Topics: Airbus Delta Air Lines wide-body jets Ed Bastian Boeing More From Livemint READ MORE TCS, Carnegie Mellon University to set up facility for cutting edge research Mayawati appoints brother Anand Kumar as BSP vice-president No empty space First Published: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 03 46 PM IST Editor's Picks Is the end of the road near for Tata Nano? Ola valuation falls to $3 billion after SoftBank’s investment in November Bypoll results: BJP wins 5 seats, Congress 3, but AAP loses the most Latest News No empty space Untouched India Reading the Dezz Ad watchdog issues endorsement guidelines for celebrities Anil Agarwal’s Volcan secures 11.4% stake in Anglo American Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Bounty drama over Mamata Banerjee's head fuels political brawl Ex-diplomat urges Donald Trump admin to hit terror groups inside Pakistan Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria: Monitor This Pakistani spy in Bhopal doesn’t want to go back World Bank may include 8 more cities in ease of business rating 'Mother of all bombs' killed at least 36 Islamic State militants: Afghan officials Pakistan exports to India grew despite tension: Report Consumers set for heady days as world's richest find India too alluring to ignore Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Policy & GovtPeopleInternationalIndustryInternal SecurityAnalysis & Geo-StrategyEquipment & OrdnanceMobility & Weapons International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 13 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,461-182.03 NIFTY 50 9,151-52.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,422193.0 USD/INR 64.40-0.27 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying: Executive By Reuters | Updated: Apr 13, 2017, 02.05 PM IST Post a Comment Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauged interest in the aircraft. Company Summary NSE BSE SpiceJet Ltd Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Jet Airways Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES SYDNEY: Boeing Co could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle on Thursday, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. "Sales teams are out meeting with customers today." He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said. Comments(0)Add Comments Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying: Executive To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India BOE Technology enters Indian consumer electronics market Government in talks with Airbus, Boeing for training programmes Boeing to set up first overseas factory in China The Latest: Trump tours Boeing facility in South Carolina READ MORE ONSpiceJet LtdSeattleJet AirwaysBoeing737 MAX 10X Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Join the all-rounder of insurance State Farm Insurance Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Save up to thousands off MSRP on new Jeep Patriot Edmunds You will not want to switch off your computer. Register fo.. Vikings: Free Online Game What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.com Watch Fans! Jamie Foxx and Jeremy Piven Team up with Watch.. Watch of the Month Club Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State in Afghanistan 'Mother of All Bombs' (MOAB): The 21,600 pound bomb and everything you want to know about it Women can retain maiden names in passports: PM Narendra Modi SP government avoids central fund to ensure no credit to PM Narendra Modi: Yogi Adityanath The end of Five-Year Plans: All you need to know about this big policy change More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|KKR vs KXIP Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Worldwide Biomimetic Aircraft Market Overview by Region, Type, Application and Forecast To 2022 ReportsWeb ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the “2017-2022 Biomimetic Aircraft Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications” The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Biomimetic Aircraft in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) , covering United States, North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. Request for free sample copy at www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001715128/sample The major players in global and United States Biomimetic Aircraft market, including 3D Robotics, Boeing, HobbyKing, Airbus, Northrop Grumman, Boston Engineering, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Atlas Elektronik Gmbh, General Dynamics Mission Systems, Gossamer Penguin, ENFICA, Green Pioneer China, ETH Zurich, EADS, GSE, Ricardo, Krossblade, Turtle Airships, Hirobo. The On the basis of product, the Biomimetic Aircraft market is primarily split into FMAV, Fixed Wing Aircraft and Others. On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Aircraft Manufacturing, Military, Agriculture, Biology Research and Others. For more information about this report at www.reportsweb.com/2017-2022-biomimetic-aircraft-report-o… Table of Content 1 Methodology and Data Source 2 Biomimetic Aircraft Market Overview 3 Biomimetic Aircraft Application/End Users 4 Biomimetic Aircraft Market Status and Outlook by Regions 5 Global Biomimetic Aircraft Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 6 United States Biomimetic Aircraft Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 7 Biomimetic Aircraft Players/Manufacturers Profiles and Sales Data 7.1 3D Robotics 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.1.2 Biomimetic Aircraft Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 3D Robotics Biomimetic Aircraft Sales (K Units) , Revenue (Million USD) , Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Boeing 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.2.2 Biomimetic Aircraft Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Boeing Biomimetic Aircraft Sales (K Units) , Revenue (Million USD) , Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 HobbyKing 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.3.2 Biomimetic Aircraft Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 HobbyKing Biomimetic Aircraft Sales (K Units) , Revenue (Million USD) , Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Airbus 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 7.4.2 Biomimetic Aircraft Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Airbus Biomimetic Aircraft Sales (K Units) , Revenue (Million USD) , Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Biomimetic Aircraft Manufacturing Cost, Industrial Chain and Downstream Buyers 9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors and Market Effect Factors 10 Global Biomimetic Aircraft Market Forecast 11 Research Findings and Conclusion Purchase this report –www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001715128/buy/2960 and get, Discount on report purchase – www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001715128/discount Contact Us: Call: +1-646-491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com ReportsWeb.com is a one stop shop of market research reports and solutions to various companies across the globe. We help our clients in their decision support system by helping them choose most relevant and cost effective research reports and solutions from various publishers. We provide best in class customer service and our customer support team is always available to help you on your research queries. 505, 6th floor, Amanora Township, Amanora Chambers, East Block, Kharadi Road, Hadapsar, Pune-411028 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsscience education Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Inorganic Dielectric Capacitor Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Sepsis Therapeutics Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
14/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 13/04/2017 Pope washes prisoners' feet in Holy Week ritual Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It is a gesture to recall what Jesus did" Pope Francis World 13/04/2017 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We targeted [...] tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters used to move around freely." Sean Spicer White House Press Secretary World 13/04/2017 Learning to weather a storm Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Now, even if the sun is shining we'll believe the warning." Dante Berino Tagkip, Philippines resident Business 13/04/2017 Samsung says S8 pre-orders show it is on track to recover from fire-prone S7 Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have introduced every possible way of checking the quality of the batteries" Koh Dong-jin Samsung Electronics head of Mobile Communication World 13/04/2017 Christians in Jerusalem celebrate Holy Thursday Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 13/04/2017 Cyclone Cook hits New Zealand Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 13/04/2017 Borussia Dortmund angry at UEFA after bus bomb attack Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We had the feeling that we were being treated as if a beer can had hit our bus" Thomas Tuchel Borussia Dortmund coach World 12/04/2017 Daily Mail apology for Melania Trump Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We accept that these allegations about Mrs Trump are not true" Associated Newspapers Publisher more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - exec Aa Aa Now Reading: Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - exec 13/04/2017 Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - exec REUTERS 13/04/2017 By Jamie Freed SYDNEY (Reuters) – Boeing Co <BA.N> could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy programme manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle on Thursday, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE <AIR.PA> A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. “We’ll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane,” he said on a conference call with reporters. “Sales teams are out meeting with customers today.” He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India’s SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS> as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimetres) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. “We won’t hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year,” he said. “All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production.” The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Christopher Cushing) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories Afghanistan 13/04/2017 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan BREAKING NEWS Syria 14/04/2017 Syrian towns begin evacuation after deal world news 14/04/2017 Scandal-struck Haiti UN peacekeeping mission to end Most viewed Afghanistan 13/04/2017 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan world news 13/04/2017 What is 'the mother of all bombs'? Poland 13/04/2017 Poland welcomes arrival of NATO troops Syria 13/04/2017 Syria's president says claim his forces used chemical weapons is "100% fabricated" world news 13/04/2017 Competitors join in on ridiculing United Airlines Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 How do Europe's Christians celebrate Maundy Thursday? world news 13/04/2017 Seville's Semana Santa Christian parades world news 13/04/2017 What is 'the mother of all bombs'? Flashback: one year ago Sport 14/04/2016 Barcelona suffer Wednesday night nervous breakdown musica 14/04/2016 The enthralling colourful timbres of Dutch violin virtuoso Janine Jansen Sport 14/04/2016 Bryant blazes out with 60 points in career-capping Lakers win Japan 14/04/2016 Earthquake magnitude 6.4 hits Japan economy 14/04/2016 The World Bank and IMF fear Brexit will add uncertainty to a fragile global... Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 How do Europe's Christians celebrate Maundy Thursday? world news 13/04/2017 Seville's Semana Santa Christian parades world news 13/04/2017 What is 'the mother of all bombs'? View 13/04/2017 Turkish constitutional referendum: TRexit from parliamentary democracy? world news 11/04/2017 Shell's shady dealings with money launderer revealed in ex-spy's emails brussels bureau 11/04/2017 The Brief from Brussels: Hungary set to spark lively debate world news 13/04/2017 Power grab or stability amid the turmoil? Turkey's presidential referendum... View 12/04/2017 A foreigner’s guide to the Trump administration futuris 10/04/2017 Robots to the rescue in post-disaster recovery Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags USA Religion Attack Constitutional referendum in Turkey Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan Traditional celebrations Conflict in Syria Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 40-58 We set you thinking Friday 14 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Car in flames at Serangoon Road 1492149000 Lifestyle Weekend Guide (April 14 to 16) 1492081860 World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies 1492151952 Voices S’pore’s religious harmony is priceless 1492151213 World About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A 1492150912 World Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor 1492149164 Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters 1492147571 World Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits 1492146779 World North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region 1492146032 Business Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report 1492143871 Sports S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team 1492098060 Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” 1492119360 Sports FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS 1492097460 Business Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints 1492139518 Entertainment Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen 1492092960 Lifestyle Star Wars, Disney-themed events to come to Singapore under Disney tie-up: STB 1492049700 Sports Fiji sevens team back on track after post-Olympic slump, says coach 1491999600 Business Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries 1492137073 Singapore S’pore churches beef up security for Good Friday, Easter services 1492095360 World China's Hebei vows to learn lessons from new graft probe 1492131036 World Brazil's Temer calls $40 million Odebrecht bribe accusation 'a lie' 1492130215 Business Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks 1492115732 Business Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources 1492129282 Business Loan growth stalls despite profit, trading gains at some U.S. banks 1492124771 World U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' for first time in Afghanistan 1492117712 World CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile intelligence service' 1492125840 World U.N. votes to close, replace Haiti peacekeeping mission 1492124372 Business BlackRock cuts CEO Larry Fink's pay 'modestly' in 2016: filing 1492122921 Commentary Why is Trump fighting ISIS in Syria? 1491982560 World North Korea may be capable of sarin-loaded missiles: Japan PM 1492078260 World Bus crash with fuel tanker in Mexico kills at least 24 1492112243 Business GM to add 1,100 jobs in California over five years at self-driving unit 1492121426 Business Netflix scorecard to test mettle of tech rally 1492117863 World Brazil's Temer agrees to pension bill changes amid corruption probe 1492117817 World Turkey's Erdogan says emergency rule could be extended upon expiry 1492112532 Business T-Mobile, Dish bid combined $14 billion in U.S. airwaves auction: FCC 1492117373 World In historic referendum, Turkey's Erdogan faces his biggest test 1492108542 Business Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues 1492111756 Business AIG's board denies CEO 2016 cash bonus after dismal earnings 1492115424 Business New Boeing 737 makes first flight as larger version moves ahead 1492107774 Business Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh 1492109375 Business Treasury yields down, stocks fall on global risks 1492115923 World United passenger to launch legal action over forced removal from plane 1492113733 World Govt has done little to tackle cost of living issues: DAP 1492113733 Sports Securing sports events now more complex than ever 1492113732 Commentary Why an IS caliphate in Mindanao is unlikely 1492113732 Voices Carry out thorough checks before allowing religious leaders into S’pore 1492113732 Voices Firms stand to gain by investing in mental well-being of workers 1492113731 World China warns against use of force to resolve regional tensions 1492113731 Commentary How economics, politics and tech shape the new back office 1492113731 Business Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:05 PM, April 13, 2017 SYDNEY - Boeing Co <BA.N> could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle on Thursday, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE <AIR.PA> A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. "Sales teams are out meeting with customers today." He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> and Jet Airways Ltd <JET.NS> as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players World trade seen growing 2.4% in 2017, uncertainty weighs: WTO Western Digital says Toshiba breaching contract, wants exclusive chip talks Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Inside Today World France's Ayrault says Assad's comments on Syria chemical attack are lies About the giant bomb the US used in Afghanistan: QuickTake Q&A Evacuations begin, under deal for Shi'ite and Sunni towns in Syria - monitor Japan discusses how to evacuate citizens from South Korea if crisis hits North Korea condemns U.S. for bringing 'huge' nuclear assets to region Business South Korea police says no explosives found at Samsung Life headquarters Apple considers bidding for Toshiba's chip business: report Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries Verizon considering topping AT&T's bid for Straight Path: sources Sports FAS’ Winston Lee dismisses Bill Ng’s claims as “baseless and untrue” Securing sports events now more complex than ever S’pore football in sad state of affairs; massive change needed, say Ng’s team FAS Elections: Candidate Bill Ng reveals $850k 'donation' to FAS Super Rugby team Sunwolves play Good Samaritans Entertainment Kit Chan faces her fears of acting Stellar acts: Rebecca Lim, Andie Chen, Paige Chua, Shaun Chen Edmund Chen regrets being ‘too friendly’ with a stranger Belinda Carlisle to perform in Singapore Film-maker Anthony Chen only has patience for children and animals About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Topics TECH HEALTH SPACE ENVIRONMENT HUMANS PHYSICS NATURE VIDEO CONNECT WITH US  FACEBOOK  TWITTER  INSTAGRAM  TUMBLR  DAILY UPDATES  RSS FEED ABOUT US OUR TEAM CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS © ScienceAlert Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. Boeing Rumours the US Military Is Testing an EM Drive on the X-37B Space Plane Just Won't Die Everyone chill. FIONA MACDONALD 13 APR 2017   For the past year, it's been hard not to get caught up in the hype surrounding the 'impossible' EM Drive - the fuel-less propulsion system that defies Newton's third law, and yet continues to produce a small but unexplained amount of thrust in test after test. Things got particularly interesting in December, when the Chinese government claimed they were already testing an EM Drive in space, and an anonymous source told the IB Times that the US was doing the same thing on board the military's mysterious space plane, X-37B. Five months later and those rumours are still circulating on blogs and news sites. So what's going on?   In case you've missed it, X-37B, or Boeing X-37, is a solar-powered, unmanned space plane that's been orbiting Earth for more than a record-breaking 678 days straight... but we still don't really know what it's doing up there. Launched by the US Air Force in May 2015, the government has remained relatively tight-lipped about how long the plane will stay in space, and exactly what its purpose is. Naturally, there's no shortage of conspiracy theories out there, covering everything from spying on the Middle East, space bombing (which isn't actually possible), and keeping tabs on China's ill-fated space station. But the US military has always maintained that the mission is less about spying, and instead will "explore reusable space vehicle technologies in support of long-term objectives".  Which is where the EM Drive rumours come in - the basic idea is that there's an EM Drive on board X-37B, allowing scientists back on Earth to remotely test the controversial propulsion system in space without gravity and friction interfering. The EM Drive is a little like the Kardashian of the science world - it hasn't been proven to actually do anything as yet, but, still, we can't stop reading about it.   The appeal lies in the fact that the propulsion system theoretically works not by burning up heavy rocket fuel, but by bouncing microwaves back and forth to produce thrust. On paper, that suggests a similar propulsion system capable of generating enough 'push' could get humans to Mars in a ridiculous 70 days, and could revolutionise space travel as we know it. But that's if it actually works at all.  Early tests, including a recent NASA study published in the Journal of Propulsion and Power, have shown that the EM Drive does produce thrust, but no one has been able to rule out that it isn't caused by an artefact or interference. "Thrust data from forward, reverse, and null suggested that the system was consistently performing at 1.2 ± 0.1 mN/kW, which was very close to the average impulsive performance measured in air," the NASA team wrote in their paper. "A number of error sources were considered and discussed." But even researchers experimenting on the drive struggle to explain how it might work, seeing as it appears to defy Newton's third law of motion: that every action must have an equal and opposite reaction. That means something has to be pushed out from one end in order to produce thrust the other direction. The EM Drive has no propellants to blast out, and so technically shouldn't be able to produce thrust. One of the best ways to get to the bottom of all this would be to reduce the effect of variables such as friction and air pressure and test the drive in space - which is why the Chinese government and a US inventor, have all expressed interest in doing just that (and in China's case, may already be doing it). But what about the US military and X-37B rumours? To be clear, the US government hasn't confirmed it's even interested in testing out the EM Drive in space at this early stage, and it's not clear whether or not they had access to a completed design back in 2015 when X-37B launched. But there is some scant evidence behind the rumours. Other than the anonymous tip off reported by IB Times last year, a lot of speculation is based on a technology transfer contract approved by the UK Ministry of Defence and signed by Boeing back in 2007. The contract itself doesn't give much away, but it does specify that it allows Boeing - the creator of X-37B - to research the EM Drive for 10 years. There have also been rumours in the past that Boeing was working with the EM Drive's inventor, British engineer Roger Shawyer - although Boeing has later said they're no longer interested in the device. What the US government has said is that X-37B is officially testing a Hall-effect thruster built by Aerojet Rocketdyne. A Hall-effect thrust is another promising new propulsion system being investigated by NASA, which is capable of generating force of 60 millinewtons per kilowatt, an order of magnitude more than the EM Drive. But it still relies on propellants, so doesn't overcome the problem of future missions being weighed down by rocket fuel. So, where does this leave us? The reality is there's not a whole lot of evidence to go on when it comes to an EM Drive being tested on X-37B, and so everyone needs to chill out until we hear something official, or see the results of some of these rumoured space tests make it to a peer-reviewed journal. But the fact that the space plane is testing out at least one innovative propulsion system is a good sign for the future of space travel in general. And if any of these rumours do turn out to be true, it would be pretty huge. Let's face it, the quicker we can figure out if the EM Drive really works or not, the quicker we can move on with our lives.  More From ScienceAlert NASA: Saturn's Moon Enceladus Has All the Basic Ingredients for Life Well, what are we waiting for? 10 hours ago Scientists Have Created a Device That Sucks Water Out of Thin Air, Even in the Desert Okay, wow. 10 hours ago These Are the First Images of the Web of Ghostly Dark Matter That Holds Galaxies Together We can see it! 23 hours ago Learn How to Make Professional Apps With the Ultimate Android Development Bundle Go from beginner to expert. 1 day ago Here's What's Really Stopping People From Buying an Electric Car It's not the cost. 23 hours ago Astronomers Have Discovered a Sizeable Object Lurking at the Edge of Our Solar System Planet Nine's got a friend. 1 day ago Calculations Suggest We Could One Day Build a Rocket That Travels 99.999% the Speed of Light Space just got closer. 23 hours ago     LOAD MORE
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing could deliver 737 MAX 10X in 2020 if airlines start buying - executive Boeing Co could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. Posted 13 Apr 2017 13:05 The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SYDNEY: Boeing Co could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday. The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle on Thursday, weather permitting, he said. Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders. "We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. "Sales teams are out meeting with customers today." He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received. Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd and Jet Airways Ltd as it gauged interest in the aircraft. However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models. The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result. Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing. "We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production." The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said. (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Christopher Cushing) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad In win for Boeing and GE, Trump says he wants to revive export bank By Reuters Published: 20:51 EDT, 12 April 2017 | Updated: 13:27 EDT, 13 April 2017 e-mail By Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON, April 12 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. Trump first told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday he would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama. Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of his earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations. The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment. The bank´s acting chairman, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment. The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs. Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015. Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and former Caterpillar Inc chairman Doug Oberhelman, both vocal supporters of the bank. It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings. Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field. "This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc , United States Steel Corp and Pfizer Inc, cheered the move. "Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump´s vocal support for the bank," said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement. A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines. Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government. Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington." "Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im´s corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses," he said. The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position. "Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesman Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters. (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Additional reporting by Steve Holland and David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top while Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her peachy posterior in a tiny thong in Miami Going their separate ways! Jennifer Garner drops off kids as it emerges she has filed for divorce... then doting dad Ben Affleck treats Violet to ice cream It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame Daddy cool! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Welcomed his first child this month It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Here she comes 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Model looks 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. 'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Festival vibes 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans A little me time Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Pamper party Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live Wild thing in a bold pattern Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Getting into character 'I was a centimetre away from being completely paralysed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Terrifying incident Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando A video released for Florida convention 'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record A reason to smile! Eva Longoria looks radiant in comfy loungewear after visit to Anastasia Beverly Hills She looks just as she did in her twenties The lady is a vamp! Erin Holland puckers up for a sultry selfie as she sports a dramatic shade of maroon lipstick... after revealing her fashion rules 'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' 'Blame her management' 'I just joined the club': Kandi Burruss reveals undergoing plastic surgery during sneak peek of RHOA reunion Revealed she's changing her looks 'He thinks it's funny': Charlotte Crosby reveals Stephen Bear got down on one knee in the middle of Sydney Harbour... as she calls new beau 'The One' She's got her hands full! Zoe Saldana carries her son and a playmate during family outing with Marco Perego in Beverly Hills Family outing How dad dancing made me popular... at last! Ed Balls on his Strictly appearances and why the weekly votes were more nerve-wracking than an election  Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn A little bit more than she bargained for That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they holiday in Byron Bay with Matt Damon Bagged too many rays? Kelly Bensimon looks VERY tanned as she flashes cleavage at Most Powerful People In Media event Bronze glow Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'She needs a bra!' Trinny Woodall, 53, sends Twitter wild on This Morning... as lookalike daughter Lyla, 13, admits she's 'embarrassed' by mum Working out girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants Going glam Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie reveals 'green goo' juice is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 Secret weapon Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white crop top for and jeans dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Looking good Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Casual 'Karma comes for those who deserve it': Amber Turner 'breaks down in tears' over social media backlash following her split with TOWIE's Dan Edgar Biker chic! Sofia Richie cuts a casual figure as she rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Laid back Kate Wright puts on a VERY busty display as she shares another bikini snap... but hides her feet after fans are sent into meltdown over her 'big toes' Rogan O'Connor claims he and Holly Hagan spent the night together as he crudely taunts her ex-boyfriend Kyle Christie following THAT smooch 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Close bond Geez Denise! Van Outen, 42, looks ravishing in a magenta string bikini as she soaks up the sunshine during beach getaway to Marbella Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City Boudoir chic 'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her fluid sexuality and reveals she's 'open to loving anybody' Doesn't define herself 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'It wasn't working': Lucy Mecklenburgh stuns in minidress as she steps out in LA... amid claims she has split from boyfriend Nathan Sharpe EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Diana thought John Major was 'feeble and had difficulty making up his mind', Labour MP reveals  New claims 'Feel the burn!' Kerry Katona flaunts her taut muscles as she continues health kick after two stone weight loss... after sharing cheeky bum lift snap She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys lavish Beverly Hills mega mansion with stunning infinity pool for $19million Posh pad Katherine and Alfie rescue a creaking classic: Merry-go-round Carousel shows its age, writes PATRICK MARMION Dated classic 'I didn't choose suicide. It chose me. I can't control what happens:' Jahmene Douglas apologetic open letter to fans following worrying Twitter posts 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Helping hand 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cosy LA dinner date Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Beaming Forget Peter Kay. It's more fun to car share with Miriam Margolyes: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews Last Night's TV  New BBC sitcom 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip Full of the joys of spring? Judy Finnigan beams with glee as she enjoys a countryside jaunt with husband Richard Madeley Out and about LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty Cost cust Transgender beauty queen says she had to work 'harder' than her fellow Britain's Next Top Model contestants by hiding her 'bulge' as she is booted off the show S-s-sensational! Chloe Paige can't stop squirming as she gets to grips with a HUGE snake... while putting on a leggy display on her return to London Family first! Real Housewives star Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills It's lock stock and two limping old codgers: The Hatton Garden Job is a cult classic in the making  A certain swagger and naive charm 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing is shockingly interrupted by anti-fur protesters  Taking a stand She's still the one! Country singer Shania Twain set to join season 12 of The Voice US as a new mentor to the finalists New line-up Seduced by a clever story of deception: The Handmaiden is a sumptuous looking and captivating Korean drama Set in 30s Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off with a laid-back workout and a healthy green smoothie Sporty 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd wears Princess Leia gown in tribute to Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first appearance since death  From Redgrave's take on the refugee crisis to Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes Film Festival line-up ever? Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Furious Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka Moving on Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before embarking on mystery project The lesser seen Cyrus  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers of the 1988 comedy to pen new script Long-awaited follow up 'I broke the rule: "Don't get your money where you get your honey"': Patrick Kielty on romance with Cat Deeley and how baby son Milo 'rules house' Soulful siren Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Sultry shoot Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  NYC's Shubert Theatre 'I'd get eggs thrown at me': Idris Elba felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as Oscar winning writer lets slip actor is set to be first black James Bond 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Almighty row Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Social media scandal Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in New York City Daddy duties Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off her enviably svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Keeping it simple 'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel completely LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Fun interview 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez is on board to helm revival of cult fantasy classic Labyrinth Fede Alvarez is set to direct the revival Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Sizzling She's got a lot of front! Smiling Emma Roberts wears naughty boob print T-shirt as she enjoys leisurely sunshine stroll  Cheeky A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Best known for playing the treacherous Dar Adal in TV's Homeland 'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Tribute PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Perky in pink! Busty Casey Batchelor slips into a teeny bikini as she soaks up the sun in the Dominican Republic Former Celebrity Big Brother star Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Oops! Model Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photoshoot Malfunction Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Inseperable Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in tiny sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Sporty 'Some lad's holding up the pub!' Ed Sheeran sends Twitter wild after creating pandemonium in Irish city as he films new music video at local bar Sore head? Bedraggled Megan McKenna sports bizarre jumpsuit with severe bed hair as she returns to Essex following boozy London night out SPOILER ALERT: Battered Bethany Platt has BLOOD on her hands as Coronation Street's grooming storyline takes a turn for the worse Putting a damper on it! Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke returns to London with LEAKING knee-caps after undergoing full body liposuction in Turkey There's a Lott going on! Pixie shows off her newly-dyed pink locks as she hits the promo trail in a busy pantsuit covered with celebrity cartoon faces Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Twinsies! Rose McGowan and her boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Smitten Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks unrecognisable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Witty comeback Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot New poster Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with girlfriend Floriana Lima New couple Doting mother Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her sweet son Remington's 1st birthday Proud mama Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Sam Faiers keeps it casual as she steps out with adorable baby son and boyfriend Paul... after joking about dropping 'creepy' proposal hints Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Mark Wright's Hollywood Nights part II? Shirtless star shows off his ripped physique in workout gear as he returns to scene of flop reality show  Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery for torn muscle  Ouch Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Taking another try at selling one of her homes Heavy night? TOWIE's Amber Turner hides behind HUGE sunglasses and sips a full fat Coke after hitting the town amid Dan Edgar split reports Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle Sealed with a kiss! Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with stunning wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch in Byron Bay on holiday with the Hemsworths Braless Jemma Lucy shows off some serious sideboob in a skimpy leotard as she joins busty 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for a workout in Spain Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
April 14, 2017 Follow @DEagleOnline Facebook Google Plus LinkedIn RSS Feed Twitter YouTube The Eagle Online The Nigerian Online Newspaper Menu Skip to content Home News Sport Politics Columns Business Life & Style Crime R&D Health Diet and Fitness Intimacy Entertainment Photos Fashion Movies Music Advert Rates Search FG eases documentation procedures at seaports Lagos, true model for growing businesses in Nigeria - FG Seven-month-old baby raped by stepfather dies Easter: Let’s use religion to fight evil - MURIC New Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes maiden flight from Austria Banks’ demand for Dollar goes down Overloaded commercial vehicles highest contributors to road accidents – FRSC Indicted INEC staff refund bribe money – Chairman New Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes maiden flight from Austria Posted by NAN on April 14, 2017 in Business, Economy | Leave a response 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967 Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email A new version of Boeing Co’s (BA.N) 737 jetliner, 737 MAX 9, took off from Seattle, Australia for the first time on Thursday. The maiden flight marked another step in Boeing’s revamp of its best-selling product line that could see up to five new models introduced by 2020. 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, made a test mission, about 50 years after the 737 first took to the skies on April 9, 1967. It followed the first flight of Boeing’s largest Dreamliner model, the 787-10, in March, from its factory in South Carolina. The new models are coming to market just as demand for aircraft has slowed. Boeing has committed to making four new 737 versions and is considering a bigger version than the MAX 9, known as the 737 MAX 10X. “It could begin delivering that version in 2020 if airlines start ordering it this year, with China emerging as a promising market,” Michael Teal, 737 MAX Chief Project Engineer and Deputy Programme Manager, said. With the MAX 9 in the air, Boeing is turning more attention to the larger version. It began pre-marketing the plane this year, but has yet to formally launch development of the jetliner, which will compete against the popular Airbus (AIR.PA) A321neo. Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year, adding that customers could receive the aircraft in 2020, depending on orders. “We will determine the delivery date when we launch that programme, when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane,” he told journalists during a conference. Reuters/NAN. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Advert How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Copyright The Eagle Online. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.theeagleonline.com.ng as the source. Follow @DEagleOnline Posted in Business, Economy | Tagged 737 MAX 9, Boeing, Michael Teal Related Posts Why Dana Air plane crashed – AIB→ FG eases documentation procedures at seaports→ Lagos, true model for growing businesses in Nigeria – FG→ Banks’ demand for Dollar goes down→ +234 809 400 0057 5C3AAEE4 Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * Latest Popular Chats FG eases documentation procedures at seaports April 14, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Lagos, true model for growing businesses in Nigeria – FG April 14, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Seven-month-old baby raped by stepfather dies April 14, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Easter: Let’s use religion to fight evil – MURIC April 14, 2017 / Segun Adebowale New Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes maiden flight from Austria April 14, 2017 / NAN Secondary school boys rape girl, video it in Lagos 146760 views / Posted May 25, 2013 Five fruits that increase libido, sex drive and treat impotence naturally 76289 views / Posted February 6, 2012 Magu: Senate has skeleton in its cupboard – MURIC 50525 views / Posted March 18, 2017 How to know if you have a loose vagina, + remedies 39248 views / Posted May 18, 2015 Powers of midnight prayer (1), by Gabriel Agbo 36354 views / Posted December 16, 2012 D a n g o t e-C e m e n t- on PTDF overseas scholarship scheme no longer sustainable…PÛRCHÀSE CÉMENT DÌRECT FRÒM THÊ… D a n g o t e-C e m e n t- on Libyans, aided by Nigerians, others sell migrants…PÛRCHÀSE CÉMENT DÌRECT FRÒM THÊ… D a n g o t e-C e m e n t- on SERAP launches hotline against corruption in education,…PÛRCHÀSE CÉMENT DÌRECT FRÒM THÊ… D a n g o t e-C e m e n t- on 11 die in Kogi accidentPÛRCHÀSE CÉMENT DÌRECT FRÒM THÊ… D a n g o t e-C e m e n t- on FG hails Odujinrin for solo flight record…BÛY-CÉMENT DÌRECT FRÒM THÊ FÀCTÕRY… Top Posts & Pages Haggard, dirty looking woman dumps $43.4m, £27,800, N23.2m in Lagos home + photos Secondary school boys rape girl, video it in Lagos Grey hair, indicator of heart disease - Scientists Why government is losing corruption cases, by Femi Falana Man to court: My wife having sex with her pastor, my brother Ex-NNPC MD denies ownership of N15b found in Lagos home Mirinda, Lucozade unsafe for consumption – CPC NNPC sacks several staff over missing 130m liters of petrol, to replace them soon Lagos releases 2016/17 academic calendar Senator Uba's ex-lawyer insists his WAEC certificate fake Latest FG eases documentation procedures at seaports Lagos, true model for growing businesses in Nigeria – FG Seven-month-old baby raped by stepfather dies Easter: Let’s use religion to fight evil – MURIC New Boeing 737 MAX 9 makes maiden flight from Austria Banks’ demand for Dollar goes down Overloaded commercial vehicles highest contributors to road accidents – FRSC Indicted INEC staff refund bribe money – Chairman NNPC adopts measures to stem pipeline vandalism Two vigilantes jailed six years for murder Benue leases land to Obasanjo farms for mango, milk Buhari sacks, replaces Chief Executives of 23 federal agencies + full list Sports federation elections: Minister disqualifies Gumel, Ndanusa, others Referees welfare always paramount – LMC Europa League: Anderlecht hold Man U Nigeria Customs elevates officer by four ranks My connection to Lagos property where N15b was uncovered – Ex-PDP Chairman Court orders interim forfeiture of money discovered in Lagos apartment WAEC approves new examination for private candidates Ambrose wins player of month award Nigerian Naira Exchange Rate Pages About Us Advert Rates Contact Us Privacy policy Submit an Article Contact Information The Eagle Online is published by Premium Eagle Media Limited. 27, Joseph Odunlami Street, Off Thomas Salako Street, Ogba, Ikeja Lagos, Email: info@theeagleonline.com.ng, dotunoladipo@theeagleonline.com.ng Phone: 08055206136, 08023145962, 08094000057, BB PIN: 5C3AAEE4 Facebook Google Plus LinkedIn RSS Feed Twitter YouTube  Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address   Tweets by @DEagleOnline     ©2017 The Eagle Online - The Nigerian Online Newspaper Menu Home Privacy policy Ad Rates Submit News Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Newsletter App BLOG About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup About GT Overview Corporate Philosophy Our Publisher Staff & Contributors Press Releases Globility Board About / Members Globility Board Application Destinations North America All Canada Mexico Puerto Rico United States Latin America All Belize Costa Rica Nicaragua Panama South America All Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Peru Caribbean All Bahamas Bermuda U.S. Virgin Islands Europe All Austria Belgium Czech Republic Denmark France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Norway Russia Sweden Spain Switzerland United Kingdom Africa All Ghana Kenya Morocco South Africa Middle East All Azerbaijan Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates Asia All China India Indonesia All Cambodia Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Japan Malaysia South Korea Taiwan Oceania All Australia Fiji French Polynesia New Zealand Departments Chefs Cruising Features Golf Health LGBTQ Spas Spoils Sponsored Technology Wine & Spirits Reviews Aviation Accommodation Subscriptions new renew change questions Members Member Login Become a GT Insider Issues GT Select Hotels Member Newsletter Signup Emirates Considers Smaller Planes with Single-Aisle Seats Feature Photo: © Abhishek Singh | Dreamstime.com By Allie Moore - April 13, 2017 One of the world’s largest international airlines is considering major changes to become a bit smaller. Emirates, known for its jumbo jets that seat up to 615 passengers with upscale cabins and luxurious amenities, has plans to purchase smaller aircraft and reduce the amount of amenities in an effort to appeal to a no-nonsense subset of travelers and connect key hubs on multiple continents. If the Dubai-based airline‘s plans move forward, Emirates would purchase either single-aisle or twin-aisle capacity planes, available in Boeing 737s or Airbus A320s, a stark contrast from its double-decker, long-haul fleets. The potential purchase would spark competition between Boeing and Airbus, and could help Emirates score a sizeable deal on aircraft. The strategy behind this change in aircraft focuses on shorter routes that connect cities through the hub in Dubai, a central location within an eight-hour flight of major European and Asian cities. Emirates plans to take advantage of its convenient location to ramp up the regional competition and provide multiple flight options for its wide client base. Southwest Airlines Carried the Most Passengers in the United States in 2016 Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Posts you may also like Alitalia Makes Effort to Rebound 13 Apr 2017 Feature 0 Comments Curio Debuts in Puerto Rico 12 Apr 2017 Feature 0 Comments Cathay Pacific Expands Australia Flights on A350 Planes 12 Apr 2017 Feature 0 Comments SWISS Charges for Seat Selection in Business Class 11 Apr 2017 Feature 0 Comments Latest News Charity Event at A Mano Weekend in St. Louis Exploring Ireland’s Historic Rock of Cashel Peter Frampton in NYC Brunch at Besaw’s More News Latest Deals Earn Up to 115,000 American Airlines Bonus Miles Earn Hilton Honors Bonus Points Transfer Points to Miles in April with Etihad and Receive Bonus Miles More Deals Sign up for insider info/deals I'm interested in: eFlyer USA eFlyer Asia Special Editions Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Trazee Travel
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +314 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Navy Orders Nearly $39M More Repairs on V-22 Osprey Tilt-Rotor Aircraft © AFP 2017/ TED ALJIBE US 04:30 14.04.2017Get short URL 115931 The Pentagon has paid another $39 million for repairs of the parts of the controversial V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The US Navy has ordered another $38.8 million worth of repairs on different parts of the controversial V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft, the Department of Defense announced. "Bell Boeing Joint Program Office, California, Maryland is being awarded [a] $38.8 million… contract for repair of various parts on the V-22 aircraft," the announcement stated on Thursday. © AP Photo/ Maya Alleruzzo New Toys: Pentagon’s V-22 Tiltrotors Might Get Lasers, Sound WeaponsThe V-22 Osprey flies farther and faster than traditional helicopters, overcoming traditional combat theater challenges. The aircraft’s high speeds allow for rapid rescue of downed pilots and its longer range would allow for seamless fleet repositioning in a prospective Asia-Pacific theater. However, the V-22 has had at least seven hull-loss accidents resulting in at least 36 fatalities. Thirty fatalities occurred during testing between 1991 and 2000, and at least six other fatalities occurred in combat after the craft became operational in 2007. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: US Navy Awards $22Mln to Repair Frequency Generators on V-22 Ospreys US Defense Contractors Win $138Mln to Develop V-22 Osprey Aircraft for Japan Pentagon Awards Rolls Royce $400Mln to Maintain V-22 Osprey Engines Tags: contract, repair, V-22 Osprey aircraft, US Navy, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Capt'nSkippy !!! 05:58 14.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Nothing like keeping the military contractors cashed up! Since 9/11, must have more money than the US government itself.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:51Italian Vessel Seized Near Crimean Coast - Federal Security Service 09:28Afghan Gov't Confirms Dropping Largest US Non-Nuclear Bomb on Daesh 09:03Truck Rams Into Funeral Procession in China Leaving Four Dead, Eight Injured 08:49MOAB Bomb Strike Kills 36 Daesh Fighters in Afghanistan - Defense Ministry 08:0312-Party International Afghanistan Peace Conference Starts in Moscow on FridayAll news Russia Got 'Antidotes' to F-22 and F-35 Long Before They Hit Production Line 23474 Coalition Strikes Daesh Depot With Chemical Weapons in Deir ez-Zor - Syrian MoD 23121 'Real Action' to Follow: Don't Even Think of Attacking Russian Military in Syria 16868 Pentagon Drops 'Mother of All Bombs' in Afghanistan for First Time Ever 12296 Russian FM Lavrov Holds Joint Presser With US State Secretary Tillerson 8605All news Coalition Strikes Daesh Depot With Chemical Weapons in Deir ez-Zor - Syrian MoD 93 Trump: US 'Not Getting Along With Russia At All' 92 Mad Dog’s Proof: I Saw Intel on Syrian Chemical Attack Myself 72 Russian FM Lavrov Holds Joint Presser With US State Secretary Tillerson 62 Russia Vetoes UN Security Council Resolution Condemning Syrian Government 54All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Winners of Mobile Photography Awards Prove Cellphone Photography Has no Limits Tunnel Vision US Missile Attack on Syrian Airbase News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Pilots take brotherhood to new heights MOODY AIR FORCE BASE, Ga. (AFNS) — Growing up, they sat outside their father’s workplace watching him fly, dreaming of doing the same one day. The older brother joined the Air Force and earned his wings and his little brother followed close in his footsteps. When the older brother was assigned the A-10C Thunderbolt II, his little brother jumped in his shoes, chasing the same experience. Once he was stationed at Moody Air Force Base, his little brother followed, bringing them the closest they’d been since childhood. For the first time, his little brother was no longer following in his shadow, but on his wing, soaring through the sky right by his side. They were not only brothers. They were partners and wingmen. Maj. Matthew Shelly, the 23d Wing director of inspections and a pilot with the 74th Fighter Squadron, and his little brother, Capt. Christopher Shelly, the 76th Fighter Squadron chief of standards and evaluations, flew in formation together for the first time, April 8, 2017, over Moody AFB. “Flying with my little brother was super cool,” Matt said. “It was like when (we) were kids and would go out on adventures on our bikes armed with slingshots and water guns to fight imaginary bad guys in the woods. “Only this time, we were riding 40,000 pound A-10s and armed with BDU-33 bombs and 30 mm rounds to shoot imaginary bad guys on the bombing range.” With a father who was an avid pilot for Boeing Company, the Shelly brothers learned to fly at a young age and both became civilian private pilots in high school. After being involved in Air Force ROTC, Matt began his career as a pilot in the Air Force. Witnessing Matt’s new lifestyle, Chris soon decided he wanted to be a part of it. “I had always thought about joining the military as a pilot,” Chris said. “But, the moment I knew I really wanted to pursue it was when I attended Matt’s drop night and saw that he was assigned the A-10. I saw the camaraderie that all of the pilots had and I decided that was what I wanted to do.” With his dream in sight, he turned to his older brother for advice. Matt knew that his little brother wanted to be in the cockpit of the world famous “hawg,” so he advised him to join the Air Force Reserve. By taking that route, he was able to decide for himself what unit he wanted to be a part of, what aircraft to fly, and where he wanted to live. “I would be lying if I said that I would be an A-10 pilot without my brother’s help,” said Chris. “Ever since I joined the Air Force, I’ve called him for advice. Even today, as I go through (pilot certification) upgrades he’s already been through, I look through his past experiences to see the best path to take.” Once he joined the reserve, Chris was able to select not only the same aircraft as his brother, but become part of his Flying Tigers team at Moody, a very rare opportunity for both of them. Since Chris arrived here more than two years ago, the brothers have been trying to schedule their flight together, but, until now, schedule conflicts and various circumstances have always stood in their way. During their flight, Matt fulfilled the position of flight lead, a role that came natural to him given their relationship. “As the flight lead, it is my job to ensure my wingman knows where to be and what to kill, but along with that, it is the flight lead’s responsibility to protect and guide the wingman,” said Matt. “I think it is natural for a big brother to want to protect his little brother. It ended up being just like when we were kids and it was my job to make sure the neighbor kids didn’t pick on my brothers.” Although Matt has served as his little brother’s guardian against others, they have always been competitive with each other, a rivalry that stood out during their flight. “Our relationship is exactly the same now as when (we) were kids,” said Matt. “Sibling rivalry is still alive and well in the Shelly family and that came out on the bombing range. Turns out, I am the better bomber by 5 to 1, but Chris is better at shooting the gun, so we were both able to go home with bragging rights.” Although their day was one to remember and a very cool experience for the both of them personally, it was also monumental for the Air Force. Their experience demonstrated the existence of total force integration, the use of multiple components of the Air Force, which can include active duty, Air National Guard or Reserve to maintain and grow the force’s operational capability and functionality. While it is very unique to have two brothers flying together, it is not rare to have active duty Airmen and reservists training and fighting together in order to achieve the overall mission. Despite how often they work, Airmen, especially fighter pilots, are a total force family, something Matt was able to say after witnessing it during his flight with his brother. “Flying with my little brother really opened my perspective on how special it is to be a part of a fighter squadron,” said Matt. “It was crazy how familiar it was flying with my brother. That may be because I am always flying with my brother, maybe not my biological brother, but every wingman that has ever flown on my wing, whether they’re active duty, reservist, or guardsman, qualifies as my brother in every sense of the term.” CategoriesUncategorized Tags(U.S.) Air Force, 23d Wing, 74th Fighter Squadron, 76th Fighter Squadron, A-10, A-10C, A-10s, Air Force, Air Force Reserve Command, Airman, Boeing Company, Chris, Christopher Shelly, Flying Tigers, Geography of Georgia U.S. state), Georgia, Lauren M. Sprunk, Matt, Matthew Shelly, Military Engineering, Moody Air Force Base, National Guard, Pilot, United States Air Force, US Federal Agency, Virginia Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Knee Pad Market 2020: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, Forecast) Next PostNext Unanimous Vote Brings End to MINUSTAH Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Pilots take brotherhood to new heights MOODY AIR FORCE BASE, Ga. (AFNS) — Growing up, they sat outside their father’s workplace watching him fly, dreaming of doing the same one day. The older brother joined the Air Force and earned his wings and his little brother followed close in his footsteps. When the older brother was assigned the A-10C Thunderbolt II, his little brother jumped in his shoes, chasing the same experience. Once he was stationed at Moody Air Force Base, his little brother followed, bringing them the closest they’d been since childhood. For the first time, his little brother was no longer following in his shadow, but on his wing, soaring through the sky right by his side. They were not only brothers. They were partners and wingmen. Maj. Matthew Shelly, the 23d Wing director of inspections and a pilot with the 74th Fighter Squadron, and his little brother, Capt. Christopher Shelly, the 76th Fighter Squadron chief of standards and evaluations, flew in formation together for the first time, April 8, 2017, over Moody AFB. “Flying with my little brother was super cool,” Matt said. “It was like when (we) were kids and would go out on adventures on our bikes armed with slingshots and water guns to fight imaginary bad guys in the woods. “Only this time, we were riding 40,000 pound A-10s and armed with BDU-33 bombs and 30 mm rounds to shoot imaginary bad guys on the bombing range.” With a father who was an avid pilot for Boeing Company, the Shelly brothers learned to fly at a young age and both became civilian private pilots in high school. After being involved in Air Force ROTC, Matt began his career as a pilot in the Air Force. Witnessing Matt’s new lifestyle, Chris soon decided he wanted to be a part of it. “I had always thought about joining the military as a pilot,” Chris said. “But, the moment I knew I really wanted to pursue it was when I attended Matt’s drop night and saw that he was assigned the A-10. I saw the camaraderie that all of the pilots had and I decided that was what I wanted to do.” With his dream in sight, he turned to his older brother for advice. Matt knew that his little brother wanted to be in the cockpit of the world famous “hawg,” so he advised him to join the Air Force Reserve. By taking that route, he was able to decide for himself what unit he wanted to be a part of, what aircraft to fly, and where he wanted to live. “I would be lying if I said that I would be an A-10 pilot without my brother’s help,” said Chris. “Ever since I joined the Air Force, I’ve called him for advice. Even today, as I go through (pilot certification) upgrades he’s already been through, I look through his past experiences to see the best path to take.” Once he joined the reserve, Chris was able to select not only the same aircraft as his brother, but become part of his Flying Tigers team at Moody, a very rare opportunity for both of them. Since Chris arrived here more than two years ago, the brothers have been trying to schedule their flight together, but, until now, schedule conflicts and various circumstances have always stood in their way. During their flight, Matt fulfilled the position of flight lead, a role that came natural to him given their relationship. “As the flight lead, it is my job to ensure my wingman knows where to be and what to kill, but along with that, it is the flight lead’s responsibility to protect and guide the wingman,” said Matt. “I think it is natural for a big brother to want to protect his little brother. It ended up being just like when we were kids and it was my job to make sure the neighbor kids didn’t pick on my brothers.” Although Matt has served as his little brother’s guardian against others, they have always been competitive with each other, a rivalry that stood out during their flight. “Our relationship is exactly the same now as when (we) were kids,” said Matt. “Sibling rivalry is still alive and well in the Shelly family and that came out on the bombing range. Turns out, I am the better bomber by 5 to 1, but Chris is better at shooting the gun, so we were both able to go home with bragging rights.” Although their day was one to remember and a very cool experience for the both of them personally, it was also monumental for the Air Force. Their experience demonstrated the existence of total force integration, the use of multiple components of the Air Force, which can include active duty, Air National Guard or Reserve to maintain and grow the force’s operational capability and functionality. While it is very unique to have two brothers flying together, it is not rare to have active duty Airmen and reservists training and fighting together in order to achieve the overall mission. Despite how often they work, Airmen, especially fighter pilots, are a total force family, something Matt was able to say after witnessing it during his flight with his brother. “Flying with my little brother really opened my perspective on how special it is to be a part of a fighter squadron,” said Matt. “It was crazy how familiar it was flying with my brother. That may be because I am always flying with my brother, maybe not my biological brother, but every wingman that has ever flown on my wing, whether they’re active duty, reservist, or guardsman, qualifies as my brother in every sense of the term.” CategoriesUncategorized Tags(U.S.) Air Force, 23d Wing, 74th Fighter Squadron, 76th Fighter Squadron, A-10, A-10C, A-10s, Air Force, Air Force Reserve Command, Airman, Boeing Company, Chris, Christopher Shelly, Flying Tigers, Geography of Georgia U.S. state), Georgia, Lauren M. Sprunk, Matt, Matthew Shelly, Military Engineering, Moody Air Force Base, National Guard, Pilot, United States Air Force, US Federal Agency, Virginia Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide Knee Pad Market 2020: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, Forecast) Next PostNext Unanimous Vote Brings End to MINUSTAH Search Recent Posts Global Audio Visual Displays Market Analysis, Size, Share, Trends And Forecast To 202 Rare Earth Metals 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 13.67% and Forecast to 2021 Enterprise LBS Platform Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Global Set-Top Box (STB) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Industrial Chocolate Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Workforce Wednesday: Bryan Steiner By Workforce Wednesday: Bryan SteinerApril 12, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Bryan Steiner is an aerospace engineer for the Aviation Engineering Directorate's Maintenance Engineering Division and has been working for AMRDEC for six years. (Photo Credit: Ms. Kelly Ann Dewitt (AMRDEC)) VIEW ORIGINAL REDSTONE ARSENAL, Ala. (April 12, 2017) -- Bryan Steiner is an aerospace engineer for the Aviation Engineering Directorate's Maintenance Engineering Division and has been working for AMRDEC for six years. He directly supports Corpus Christi Army Depot (CCAD) and other depot maintenance contractors by providing specialized repair instructions for aerospace vehicle structures. Repairs are fully coordinated with Boeing partnership engineers and AED platform engineering at Redstone Arsenal. During repairs Steiner conducts investigations to produce new data, gather research material, developing repair, and substantiating repair recommendations. This is to ensure the aircraft is safe, reliable, and maintainable to meet fleet safety and operating airworthy standards. "I love the continuous mental challenge this position offers and that I get to work on new and different things every day. The team I work with and the team directly on the aircraft are a phenomenal group of people who are always providing me with the best support." To help the Army meet their number one priority of readiness, Steiner says he performs design, repair, overhaul, and operations of rotary wing aircraft, components, systems, and support equipment. He also provides on-site support/guidance to artisans working directly on aircraft undergoing maintenance. "This is done by building a professional relationship and working level trust with the maintainers." Steiner uses engineering drawings, technical aerospace standards, and existing Army technical data to develop and design new repair methods and techniques for airframe structures in direct support of the Warfighter. "This is to ensure aerospace vehicle structures were safe, reliable, and maintainable to meet Warfighter mission needs. Maintaining airworthiness and keeping the Warfighter operational gives you a sense of pride on a whole new level." --- "Workforce Wednesday" highlights members of the U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Research, Development, and Engineering Center serving in a variety of capacities. The series is presented by the AMRDEC Public Affairs Office. For more information, or to nominate someone, email usarmy.redstone.rdecom-amrdec.mbx.pao@mail.mil. RELATED LINKS Army.mil: Science and Technology News U.S. Army Materiel Command U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command Team Redstone Facebook U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Research, Development, and Engineering Center RELATED STORIES April 3, 2017911th Technical Rescue Engineering Company Conducts Validation March 23, 2017Training with maintenance experts April 4, 2017Army program names software engineering directorate technical lead March 31, 2017Volunteers repair Fort Riley, Kansas hoop house so Soldiers may grow March 28, 2017Electronic maintenance Soldiers advance skills through two-week course March 27, 2017Arizona Guard Soldiers provides maintenance support to the U.S. Army during annual training April 7, 2017AMRDEC workshop promotes cybersecurity awareness April 12, 2017Leaders meet to determine Center's way ahead March 31, 2017Industry teaming with AMRDEC to equip future force April 5, 2017"Pull-a-Part" shop enhances readiness, saves money April 4, 2017CERDEC director retires after three decades of service April 13, 2017Engineer Soldiers make impact at Fort Drum through project support April 6, 2017Keeping it real -- Natick scientists investigating augmented reality as a mission-planning tool March 21, 2017USAMMA Team Keeps Complex Medical Equipment Working in Complex Environment March 23, 2017AMRDEC Town Hall informs employees March 23, 2017CERDEC engineer awarded Visionary leadership award Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Four new stores to open in Coralville Cedar Rapids woman arrested in connection with Swisher burglary Relays have Cascade rolling again Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells San Bernardino tragedy hits home with C.R. Kernels pitcher Tyler Wells Iowa lawmakers look to delay funding for university projects Linn-Mar edges Cedar Rapids Washington with late Hannah Garcia goal Iowa GOP lining up budgets for end-of-session push Iowa Politics Today: Voter bill heads to governor Rockwell Collins completes B/E Aerospace deal The $8.6 billion deal adds cabin interiors to the company's portfolio Video Photo Liz Martin/The Gazette With the completion of the B/E Areospace acquisition, Rockwell Collins is now expected to have more than $8 billion in annual revenue. Kelly Ortberg Rockwell Collins Matthew Patane More stories from Matthew Apr 13, 2017 at 4:27 pm | Print View Rockwell Collins officially added 10,000 employees under its name Thursday having finished the acquisition of B/E Aerospace, a Florida-based maker of airplane interiors. Rockwell CEO Kelly Ortberg said the inclusion of B/E’s interior products will give the company diversity to weather ups and downs in the aviation industry. Cedar Rapids-based Rockwell mainly manufactures avionics technology used in cockpits and flight decks for commercial and defense aircraft. Wellington, Fla.-headquartred B/E Aerospace manufactures seating, lighting, galleys and other interior products for commercial and business aircraft. “Just the scale and the opportunity is going to allow us to grow faster,” he said in a phone interview with The Gazette while in Winston-Salem, N.C., B/E’s largest base of employees. The combination of the two companies is not expected to affect employees in Cedar Rapids, Ortberg said. “We are not closing facilities in other locations and bringing work into Cedar Rapids, but likewise we are not moving work from Cedar Rapids into any of the B/E locations,” Ortberg said. Some positions involved with the administration of the two public companies may be cut, he said. “Those will go through workforce reductions as we eliminate those positions. People understand that and they’ll be taken care of as part of that integration plan,” Ortberg said. Rockwell is now expected to have more than $8 billion in annual revenue. With the purchase, Rockwell will try to sell more aircraft seats and interiors directly to plane makers, rather than airlines, Ortberg told Reuters Thursday. “This is an area where I think we can do more standard equipment with the OEMs,” he said, referring to plane makers such as Boeing and Airbus. “I think we can do more with Boeing as they look at what part of the interiors they want to standardize,” he added. The company first announced the acquisition last October. A month later, activist fund Starboard Value pressured Rockwell to drop the bid and consider selling itself instead. Shareholders approved the deal in March, however, and regulators with the European Union signing off earlier this month. B/E Aerospace rebranded immediately Thursday as Rockwell Collins. Its president and CEO, Werner Lieberherr, became executive vice president and chief operating officer for a new interior systems division within Rockwell. The deal, valued at $8.6 billion with debt, is the largest in Rockwell’s history. It brings together Rockwell’s 20,000 global employees with 10,000 from B/E Aerospace. Cedar Rapids, with about 8,000 people, remains the largest concentration of employees for Rockwell, a spokesman said in an email. The second biggest is now Batangas, a province in the Philippines, with about 1,900 employees. In addition to Cedar Rapids, Rockwell Collins has another 1,350 employees in Eastern Iowa. l Comments: (319) 398-8366; matthew.patane@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Business articles United tied $500,000 CEO bonus to custom ... U.S. weekly jobless claims down, point t ... Cedar Ridge earns national Distillery of ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's why the 'mother of all bombs' exploded 6 feet above its target in Afghanistan Rafi Letzter Apr. 13, 2017, 4:25 PM 108,202 facebook linkedin twitter email print DoD Photo The US just dropped a bomb on an ISIS target in Afghanistan that had never before been used in war. The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast, sometimes grimly called the "Mother of All Bombs" or "MOAB" because of its acronym, was loaded onto a pallet, flown in a C-130 cargo plane, then dragged out the back of the plane — pallet included — by a parachute. The 21,600-pound bomb free-fell toward earth. The MOAB isn't the heaviest nonnuclear bomb in the US arsenal — that's the 30,000-pound Massive Ordnance Penetrator — but with a length of 30 feet and an estimated cost of $15.7 million, it's the largest, and a significant piece of military equipment. The Air Force is said to have as many as 20 total MOABs, so the deadly machine could represent more than 6% of the total US stockpile of such weapons. In free-fall, the MOAB quickly detached from its pallet and deployed course-adjusting grid fins. Hooked up to a computer and a GPS system, those fins bent the MOAB's earthward course toward a preselected target. In this case, that target was an underground ISIS tunnel complex, according to the Department of Defense. .@USFOR_A #US Forces targets ISIS-K stronghold, drops GBU-43 #MOAB bomb on #ISIS pic.twitter.com/GYjyMLiqUS — U.S. Central Command (@CENTCOM) April 13, 2017 The MOAB itself never touched the ground at the complex, however. Instead, like most large weapons, including nuclear bombs, it detonated in the air moments before impact. There was probably about 6 feet between the MOAB and the ground when it unleashed its destructive force, which was equivalent to about 11 tons of TNT. A prototype MOAB an instant before detonation on Eglin Air Force Base's Range 70. US Air Force Why didn't the MOAB strike the ground before detonating? "The main attribute of the MOAB is that it causes overpressure," Adam Lowther, the director of the US Air Force's School of Advanced Nuclear Deterrence Studies, told Business Insider reporter Alex Lockie. "Overpressure" is a term for the sharp spike in air pressure that a bomb causes. That change in pressure moves away from the bomb in a wave in all directions. Any mines, tunnels, or bodies caught in the blast would be unrecognizable after it passed. If the MOAB were to detonate on contact with the ground, a lot of that pressure wave would be sent into the dirt, digging out a small crater around the bomb. Dirt is a lot harder to move than air, so the energy wouldn't travel far before petering out. Detonating a bomb of that scale on the ground would still do plenty of damage within a certain range, of course, but weapons engineers use physics to expand the reach of such bombs. An illustration of the effect creating a mach stem in a nuclear explosion. Wikimedia commons When a bomb explodes in the air, the overpressure waves still spread out in all directions, including downward. But the downward-moving waves bounce when they strike the earth, flying back up through the hot region of thin air that the detonation created just moments earlier. In hot, thin air, pressure waves move faster. So the bounced waves can catch up with the ones created in the initial explosion as they spread outward and sideways above the ground. Those waves combine, forming a "mach stem" that can increase the initial force of the explosion by as much as a factor of two. That mach stem wildly expands the bomb's kill zone and creates a larger downward force on the earth that can collapse tunnels and explode mines below the surface without wasting energy carving out craters. If this bomb had exploded somewhere flat, unlike the mountainous Nangarhar province, where the bomb was dropped, it would have created a blast radius a mile wide. MOABs are not the only explosives built to detonate in the air. Nuclear bombs are often built to explode miles, not feet, above their targets. It takes a lot of complex science to build machines this deadly. SEE ALSO: The US just dropped the 'mother of all bombs' on an ISIS target in Afghanistan NOW WATCH: The first nuclear bomb test in history is helping scientists unlock secrets of how the Moon formed Loading video... More: MOAB Physics Afghanistan Military Bomb bomb blast facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's why the 'mother of all bombs' exploded 6 feet above its target in Afghanistan Here's why the 'mother of all bombs' exploded 6 feet above its target in Afghanistan The US just dropped a bomb on an ISIS target in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Science Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Southwest Airlines Cargo Adds To Trophy Case DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) Cargo earned one of the highest awards in the air cargo industry. Air Cargo World recently announced that Southwest Cargo® was awarded this year’s Air Cargo Excellence Platinum Award in the „up to 999,999 tonnes” category. „I’m so grateful our valued Customers continue to recognize our Cargo, Ramp, and Operations folks, who are dedicated to delivering the highest level of Hospitality in the industry,” said Matt Buckley, Southwest’s Vice President of Cargo and Charters. „Our Customers know they can trust and rely on our Team to ensure their shipments are handled with care and delivered with the Customer Service they expect and deserve.” Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart (PRNewsFoto/Southwest Airlines) The Air Cargo Excellence Awards are presented to carriers for their performance, customer service, value, and use of technology. This is the 13th consecutive year Southwest Airlines Cargo has been honored in the annual Air Cargo Excellence Survey. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CARGO Southwest Airlines’ Relentlessly Reliable Employees offer Cargo Customers award-winning, expedited air cargo service to destinations across the map, including complimentary Road Feeder Service and interline destinations. With our extensive domestic network and over 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season, we have the flights you need to meet your shipping requirements. Learn more about how Southwest Cargo can help you with your shipping needs by visiting swacargo.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as „The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-cargo-adds-to-trophy-case-300439640.html SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Related Links http://www.southwest.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Greenhill Conference Call To Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Next PostNext Expedia, Inc. to Webcast First Quarter 2017 Results on April 27, 2017 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Higgins PT-305 boat celebrated at Drafts for Crafts Print Email Sue Strachan, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Sue Strachan, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 13, 2017 at 2:31 PM, updated April 13, 2017 at 2:32 PM comments The weather may have moved the party from its original location, but for Drafts for Crafts attendees, the purpose still remained: raise funds while having fun. Originally set at Lakeshore Landing, where a recently restored Higgins PT-305 boat is based, the National World War II Museum moved the fete on March 25 to its U.S. Freedom Pavilion: The Boeing Center.  The party saw museum supporters and veterans enjoying the casual atmosphere with libations and NOLA Brewing beers, cuisine from a number of local restaurants, a wine raffle, and music from Gal Holiday and the Honky Tonk Revue, Where Y'acht, and Corey Henry and the Treme Funktet. Presented annually by the museum's Young Benefactors, Drafts for Crafts has helped provide financial support for PT-305's restoration since 2014, and this year's proceeds will help fund its first year of operations -- deck tours and rides -- which started April 1 at the Lakefront (New Orleans East).  ***** To reach Sue Strachan, send an email to socialscene@nola.com or call 504.450.5904. Find her on Twitter and Instagram as @suestrachan504, with the hashtag #nolasocialscene. Visit her on Facebook. And, come back to NOLA.com/society for more New Orleans area event and party news and photos. Your Wedding Announcement Submit your announcement Publish it in The Times-Picayune, on NOLA.com, or both! Upload up to 10 photos for a gallery! Entertainment News updates Get the latest entertainment news from around New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check you inbox, and approve the verification email. If you dont' see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions Most Read About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Craig P Larsen via Boeing Boeing’s Largest 737 Max Takes Flight by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson April 13, 2017, 1:53 PM EDT April 13, 2017, 7:11 PM EDT Max 9’s future sales uncertain in sector dominated by Airbus U.S. planemaker looks to speed output over next three years Boeing Co.’s newest and largest 737 Max gunned down the runway and soared over the shore of Lake Washington, south of Seattle, on its way to an almost three-hour maiden flight Thursday. The latest model in Boeing’s best-selling jet family took wing five days ahead of schedule, during a week marking the 50th anniversary of the first 737 flight. The single-aisle Max 9 faces an uncertain future, however, in a market dominated by Airbus SE’s longer A321neo. About three-quarters of orders for the workhorse planes favored by budget carriers are clustered around mid-sized models such as the Max 8 and A320neo. But sales are growing faster for larger narrow-bodies, one reason why Boeing is targeting Airbus’s lead with two stretched jets. “It’s an incredibly important part of our family moving forward,” Randy Tinseth, a Boeing vice president of marketing, said of the Max 9. Boeing has also begun marketing an even larger model, the Max 10X, and expects the two variants combined to eventually account for about a quarter of its narrow-body sales, he told reporters. Balancing Act The U.S. planemaker is trying to pull off a balancing act with the 737, its largest source of profit. Boeing is mulling introducing as many as five Max models targeting different niches, while ratcheting up the tempo in its Renton, Washington, factory over each of the next three years. Any stumbles in developing the new jets, a process fraught with delays, could damage Boeing’s bottom line if snarls slow manufacturing at a plant preparing to increase output to 47 planes a month in May -- five more than the present rate. The Max 8, the first of the upgraded 737 models, has completed flight-testing and is slated to begin deliveries in May, months earlier than initially planned. The first Max 9 took to the skies with Captain Christine Walsh in command. It is designed to seat 178 travelers in a two-class cabin, about 16 more people than the Max 8, while flying the same distance: as many as 3,515 nautical miles. Aircraft Debuts The debut is the latest in a year crammed with new planes produced by manufacturers from Brazil to Ukraine. Boeing has already begun to cut metal for the next 737, the smaller Max 7. Meanwhile the company’s 787-10, the largest Dreamliner, took its first flight March 31 -- the same day that Airbus’s A319neo and Antonov’s An-132D turboprop aircraft made their maiden flights. Sputtering airplane sales raise concerns that the new aircraft are entering the market as the aerospace industry heads into a downturn after more than a decade of growth. That could make it tougher for manufacturers to recapture the billions of dollars poured into engineering, tooling and factories. Read more: The jet-buying binge nears its end The pain won’t be felt equally, however. Boeing and Airbus are cushioned by record backlogs for their upgraded narrow-bodies: 3,703 orders for the 737 Max and 5,056 sales for the A320neo lineup. “This is why we have a duopoly,” said aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia, referring to Boeing and Airbus. “Newcomers have a harder time with an ultimately cyclical market, combined with heavy spending on new-product development.” Pioneer Jet Boeing shouldn’t have any problem recovering its costs for the 737 Max family, the latest versions of the venerable single-aisle jet that revolutionized low-cost travel and aircraft manufacturing with its moving line. The bulk of Boeing’s orders are said to be for the -8, which seats more travelers than the A320neo, although the U.S. planemaker doesn’t break out sales by Max model. With the Max 9 struggling to gain sales, Boeing has begun pushing the Max 10X, a longer model. It would seat about 230 travelers in a single cabin and cruise on transcontinental routes flown by Boeing’s 757, which has been out of production for more than a decade. But potential customers, including Air Lease Corp., fret that the new model will get to market too late, with a planned 2020 debut. That will be a year after Airbus will introduce an A321neo model configured to seat as many as 240 people. Boeing would probably have to discount heavily to cut into Airbus’s lead, Aboulafia said. Pricing Power “They can’t seem to get the pricing power they had with the NG series,” the analyst said, referring to the previous generation of the 737s that commanded premiums to Airbus jets. “Maybe that will change. But if it does, it will happen on the Max 8.” But Boeing, for now, may be content to have product offerings that it can hone for 737 operators -- without ceding the top end of the narrow-body market to Airbus, said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. “The investments haven’t been excessive relative to the broader program,” he said. The Max 9 and 10X will help “keep Airbus pricing in check,” he said. “Part of the benefit is just having something in place and letting the technology mature.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill O'Reilly Presents $200 Million Challenge to Fox's CEO DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections U.S. Drops the Military's Biggest Non-Nuclear Bomb in Afghanistan Stores Play Hide and Seek With Ivanka’s Products This Amazon Employee Out-Earned Jeff Bezos Last Year Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu CNN’s Jeffrey Lord: I Made Comparison Between Trump and MLK ‘Deliberately and With Reason’ TheMarySue.com Offers Inside Peek at How President Trump Decided To Unload Yuge Bomb 'A Non-State, Hostile Intelligence Service': CIA Director Pompeo Slams Wikileaks What is the 'Mother of All Bombs'? What Is It Capable Of? Women’s WWE Wrestling Star Says She Was ‘Violated’ By TSA Agents Opinion Lord of the Flip-Flops: President Trump’s 84 Days of Policy Reversals by Matthew Balan | 1:15 pm, April 13th, 2017   During the 2004 presidential race, the “flip-flop” term stuck to Democrat John Kerry, after a series of policy reversals. Most infamously, Kerry stated, “I actually did vote for the $87 billion before I voted against it.” Republican activists even hounded the politician by clapping plastic flip-flops at campaign events. Over a decade later, Kerry’s behavior now pales in comparison to Donald Trump, who has spent the first 84 days of his presidency reversing his own positions from the presidential race. The warning signs came even before Trump took the oath of office. The billionaire had pledged to prosecute, or even “jail” Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail. Days after he won the election, CBS asked Mr. Trump about the issue. He replied, “I don’t want to hurt them.” During the week of his inauguration, Trump renewed his campaign promise to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. However, just days later, during an interview with Fox News’s Sean Hannity, the President punted on the issue: “I don’t want to talk about it yet. It’s too early.” These early flip-flops were just a taste of what would come this week. Early in his campaign, the billionaire candidate slammed the Export-Import Bank as “something that benefits just politicians and a ‘few companies.'” He claimed that the U.S. could “do well without it.” The President reversed himself on that too, Wednesday, revealing to the Wall Street Journal that he would fill vacancies on the bank’s board. This came less than 24 hours after he met with the former CEO of Boeing, which is one of the main beneficiaries of the federal agency. Conservative groups rightfully criticized this flip-flop as a “bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses.” Later in 2015, Trump vowed that “on day one of a Trump administration, the U.S. Treasury Department will designate China a currency manipulator.” This, of course, didn’t happen. Now, the politician denies that the Communist country is even engaged in such activity: “They’re not currency manipulators.” Days before the inauguration, President-Elect Trump played up his skepticism of NATO from the campaign: “I took such heat when I said NATO was obsolete. It’s obsolete because it wasn’t taking care of terror. I took a lot of heat for two days. And then they started saying, ‘Trump is right.'” Less than three months later, the chief executive is singing a different tune about the alliance. He revealed during a Wednesday presser with the NATO secretary general, “I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change, and now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.” Last week, the President, of course, shifted course on Syria when he ordered the missile strikes on an Assad regime airfield. Prior to launching his presidential campaign, in June 2013, The Apprentice star Tweeted, “We should stay the hell out of Syria, the ‘rebels’ are just as bad as the current regime.” There was another policy reversal that Trump unrolled on Wednesday via an underling. Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, disclosed on MSNBC’s Morning Joe that the Trump administration’s early federal hiring freeze was coming to an end. This move breaks a major campaign promise that was part of the President’s “Contract With The American Voter.” On Wednesday, Ed Straker of the conservative American Thinker blog zeroed in on these recent flip-flops, and asserted that “Trump is unmoored by any political belief system. He’s like an army tank that can be driven in any direction.” Straker concluded, “When you combine a lack of belief system with government by nepotism, this is what you get. The only thing that surprises me is people who are surprised by this.” One wonders how many Trump supporters will become disillusioned by these moves, or if the President’s successful nomination of Justice Neil Gorsuch will be enough to keep enough of them in his camp for the next three-plus years. [image via screengrab] This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author. Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Donald Trump Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular ‘Not All Colored Girls Are The Same’: Don Lemon Hosts Another Hot Mess Trump Unloads on Comey, Hillary: ‘She Was Guilty of Every Charge!’ Comedian Charlie Murphy Has Died at 57 NY Mag: Tonight Might Have Been Bill O’Reilly’s Last Show; Fox News Denies On Radio Show, Hannity Blasts Media for Smearing United Passenger Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Taiwan’s largest aircraft maker bullish over long term By Ted Chen  /  Staff reporter Aerospace Industrial Development Corp (AIDC, 漢翔航空工業), the nation’s largest civilian and military aircraft manufacturer, yesterday said it remains confident in long-term market prospects despite a slip in demand for new aircraft. Since oil prices began falling markedly in 2014, airlines have shown less urgency in upgrading their fleets, leading to declining deliveries for AIDC’s major clients, such as Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE, last quarter, the company said at an earnings conference in Taipei. Orders for helicopter parts were especially hard hit as demand for aerial oil and gas surveying dropped, the company added. AIDC chairman Anson Liao (廖榮鑫) said that industry forecasts show rising demand through the next decade and the company still has a NT$100 billion (US$3.3 billion) order backlog. To weather the downturn, the company would improve its product mix and prioritize securing contracts for popular aircraft lines, such as smaller single-aisle airliners, AIDC president Kong Shiah (夏康) said. Shiah added that sales growth would be slower this year as many of the company’s clients with CFM International turbofan engine equipped single-aisle jetliners are still transitioning from the CFM56 engine to the new LEAP engine. The company is expecting further foreign-exchange strains as the New Taiwan dollar continues to strengthen. Last quarter, the New Taiwan dollar averaged at NT$31.1 against the US dollar, compared with NT$33 a year ago, the company said. “There is significant pressure from the NT$1.9 difference in the strength of the New Taiwan dollar,” Shiah said. The company’s overseas cash and receivables were last tallied at about NT$270 million at the end of last quarter, he said. On the other hand, a stronger New Taiwan dollar means lower procurement costs, AIDC chairman Liao said, and imports of raw materials usually eat about half of the company’s profits. Liao said that the company’s new engine casing and composite material plants have gone online recently, as has a hangar to upgrade the air force’s F-16 A/B jets, but they are not expected to bring a significant earnings gain in the near-term. “The new facilities need time to acquire the necessary certifications,” Liao said. The company reported that sales last quarter dipped 6.48 percent annually to NT$5.92 billion. It also announced plans to distribute cash dividends of NT$1 per share, in addition to NT$0.37 per share in stock dividends, pending shareholder approval. This story has been viewed 1965 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-07 to 2017-04-14 Most read Most e-mailed 1 British band Coldplay to rock Taiwan next week 「酷玩樂團」下週首度登台 嗨翻八萬粉絲 2 Events and entertainment listings 3 The Liberty Times Editorial: Chiang Kai-shek’s place in history 4 EDITORIAL: Beijing losing points with detention 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Adidas, Carbon to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe 2 Young workers’ salaries averaged NT$29,427 a month last year 青年平均月薪29K 3 Our newest citizens are deserving of praise 4 Navy plans to build an upgraded version of corvette: source 5 Foundation seeks cash to make wigs amid tonne of hair MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Arts & Entertainment Theater Loop Why are some shows so cagey about closing dates? Odysseo Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Elise Verdoncq is featured in the Cavalia show, “Odysseo,” which will be playing near Soldier Field until at least April 30. Elise Verdoncq is featured in the Cavalia show, “Odysseo,” which will be playing near Soldier Field until at least April 30. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Chris JonesContact ReporterChicago Tribune Privacy Policy The quest is not exactly investigative journalism worthy of a Pulitzer Prize, but determining how long a commercial show plans to stay in town can take some serious detective work. Take, for example, the situation with "Odysseo," the tented equine extravaganza that you can find by Soldier Field. On the April 4 opening night for that spectacular attraction, the producers would only say that the show was definitely in town through April 23; that would mean a post-opening run of less than three weeks. This made no sense to me. In an interview with the Tribune, the maestro, Normand Latourelle of Cavalia, noted that a show of this scale (65 horses traveling by Boeing 747!) would lose money in any city where it stayed less than six weeks. Cavalia had done all right the last time it was here, buried in the West Loop, and the parking lot of Soldier Field clearly was a much more visible pitch for its tent. No way was Latourelle putting his horses back in their boxes on April 23. So why the obfuscation? Simple. Producers of live entertainment have to motivate you to buy your tickets now and they have to manufacture a scarcity of supply. And they well know that if they offer too many weeks at once on sale, there is a danger that people will spread their purchases over too long a period, leaving empty seats and making the endeavor less profitable. In other words, they'd rather you thought they were leaving April 23 so that you help fill up those performances, which helps them charge higher prices. MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR This is the same logic behind the Cirque du Soleil's reluctance to admit how long they plan to stay in Chicago this summer (they finally announced an "extension" of the touring show "Luzia" from July 21 through Sept. 3). Its the same logic behind the defined (albeit much longer) "blocks" of tickets that "Hamilton" progressively has put on sale, when I'll wager that they already know, or at least have a plan for, when the hit musical will exit Chicago (my money — and I get asked this question a lot — is on early 2019, although that is merely an educated guess). But there's a downside to this approach to theater marketing: If you don't announce performances very far in advance, you make it so people cannot plan. And that actually can cost you money at the box office. Take, for example, the situation with "Aladdin," the Disney Broadway musical that's in previews and opens next week for what really is a very healthy run by Chicago standards: nearly five months. "Aladdin" will play through Sept. 10. And, the people at Disney tell me, that will then be that. They've stuck all the tickets out there at once. So if you are thinking about a summer holiday excursion to downtown Chicago with your family, you can count on "Aladdin" being there for you. And I'll wager that will help "Aladdin" in the long run. It surely will help you plan. And it helps Chicago's visitors plan too. It's good for the tourism business in its peak season. So why the different approach? Some of it, I think, is to due to simple confidence and having the data to know you will be fine: Disney's theatrical arm is famously sophisticated when it comes to predicting demand for its Broadway collection of shows, and the marketing folks there surely have determined that "Aladdin" can sell here all summer (it's already packed I hear). Then, of course, you have to figure in Disney's ability to manage risk and withstand some tough weeks, should they come along. That is much more difficult for Cavalia, which really is a family business operating a show with far higher running costs than "Aladdin." If they have some rough weeks, the consequences are more severe (they've now admitted to being here through April 30). And in all fairness, some extensions due to demand are, in fact, genuine extensions where the demand for tickets really did turn out to be greater than anticipated. A theater ticket is, the economists always say, a wholly perishable good. Even the shrewdest producer does not know exactly what will happen on a given night, although Disney knows that as well as anybody could. Regular readers will know I often whine about nonprofit theaters closing hit shows too early, often because they aren't nimble enough to change plans quickly or have contractual commitments elsewhere. Sure, you can reprise a show in the future (as House Theatre is doing with its excellent "United Flight 232" in the fall and Broken Nose Theatre is doing with its terrific "At the Table" this summer), but then you have to start again. You can't exploit the momentum from all those sold-out houses. It can be done, but it's tougher. It's a problem with the model. But let's end with some good news for the industry and the theatergoer: "Spamilton," the hilarious spoof of you-know-what, has announced two golden words: "Open run." I think you can count on some laughs there at least through the end of summer. Chris Jones is a Tribune critic. cjones5@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ChrisJonesTrib MORE FROM THE THEATER LOOP: 'Odysseo' lets horses run through our digital imaginations Talking to Alan Menken about how 'Aladdin' was born; and changed Review: Chicago's 'Spamilton' is 'Hamilton' turned upside down Check out the latest movie reviews from Michael Phillips and the Chicago Tribune. Check out reviews for all new music releases from Tribune music critic Greg Kot. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Theater Hamilton Dave Chappelle salutes Charlie Murphy at John Mayer concert Museum asks fans of Kermit, Elmo to help pay for Muppets exhibit Jeff Tweedy announces stripped, songbook album 'Together at Last' Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 51°
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,453.25 -138.61 -0.67% S&P 500 2,328.95 -15.98 -0.68% Nasdaq 5,805.15 -31.01 -0.53% GlobalDow 2,648.51 -1.79 -0.07% Gold 1,290.10 12.00 0.94% Oil 52.91 -0.20 -0.38% S&P 500 Movers(%) ALXN 3.3 INCY 1.9 COTY 1.6 CMG 1.1 CHK -4.2 AMD -3.5 WFC -3.3 MRO -3.0 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 12:07a Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 04/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 04/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 04/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 04/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 04/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 04/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 04/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 04/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 04/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks Australia VAH Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors VAH Australia: Sydney Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd. Watchlist Create Alert Closed Last Updated: Apr 13, 2017 4:11 p.m. $ 0.19 0.00 0.00% Previous Close $0.190 Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 62.10% vs Avg. Volume: 523K 65 Day Avg. - 842.3K Open: 0.192 Close: 0.19 0.19 Day Low/High 0.195 Day Range 0.19 52 Week Low/High 0.375 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview News Charts Key Data Open $0.192 Market Cap $1.61B Shares Outstanding 8.46B Public Float 589.5M Beta 0.29 Rev. per Employee $523.39K P/E Ratio n/a EPS $-0.09 Yield n/a Dividend n/a Exercise Dividend Date n/a Short Interest n/a n/a % of Float Shorted n/a Average Volume 842.28K Performance 5 Day -2.56% 1 Month -2.56% 3 Month -15.56% YTD -19.15% 1 Year -48.57% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Japan stocks skid; China stocks rise after data Aug. 5, 2013 at 4:22 a.m. ET by V. Phani Kumar Asian stocks drop on caution over U.S. jobs data Jun. 7, 2013 at 4:26 a.m. ET by V. Phani Kumar Asia stocks trade mostly higher as Japan swings up May. 17, 2013 at 2:17 a.m. ET by Michael Kitchen Asia stocks trip over weak China data Apr. 23, 2013 at 4:19 a.m. ET by V. Phani Kumar Japan stocks ride higher on weak yen, lead Asia Nov. 19, 2012 at 3:20 a.m. ET by V. Phani Kumar China stocks lead Asia after manufacturing data Nov. 1, 2012 at 4:26 a.m. ET by Sarah Turner Asia stocks rise on deals, some upbeat results Oct. 29, 2012 at 11:35 p.m. ET by Sarah Turner Asian markets rally as Tokyo shares lag behind Mar. 13, 2012 at 4:47 a.m. ET by Virginia Harrison Australian shares weak as miners drag Mar. 5, 2012 at 1:02 a.m. ET by Sarah Turner The Alternative Allure of Australia’s Byron Bay Byron Bay is a hippie beach town turned haute getaway spot. A guide on where to stay, eat, swim, kayak and sip Aperol spritzes by the pool Apr. 13, 2017 at 11:02 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Alitalia’s Turnaround Strategy Is a Flop Less than three years after Etihad Airways saved Alitalia from bankruptcy, the Italian airline is once again on the brink. Etihad’s turnaround effort has done little to push up passenger numbers or beat back fierce competition from low-cost carriers. Mar. 12, 2017 at 6:44 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal London Hauling: Qantas to Launch Australia’s First Nonstop Flight Service to Europe Dec. 11, 2016 at 3:21 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Europe Follows FAA Lead on Samsung Galaxy Flight Risk Sep. 9, 2016 at 11:54 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Samsung Shares Drop Over FAA Warning on Galaxy Note 7 Sep. 9, 2016 at 9:37 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal FAA Urges Passengers to Not Use Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on Planes Sep. 8, 2016 at 10:37 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Soars to Record Profit as Pain Pays Dividend Aug. 24, 2016 at 2:46 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Virgin Australia Plans to Raise $626 Million in Equity, Cut Fleet Size Jun. 14, 2016 at 10:01 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Eyes New U.S. Routes Jun. 3, 2016 at 10:42 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Air New Zealand Considers Sale of Virgin Australia Stake Mar. 30, 2016 at 1:28 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Volcanic Ash Shuts Down Bali Airport Nov. 4, 2015 at 12:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Travel Packages Even First-Class Passengers Can’t Ignore Oct. 7, 2015 at 8:34 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Soars Past Overhaul to Return to Profit Aug. 20, 2015 at 4:26 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Total Ex-Im Bank Shutdown May Harm Aviation Sector Jul. 6, 2015 at 3:28 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Australia’s Local Airlines Under Threat May. 25, 2015 at 4:26 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Storm Clouds Part for Qantas CEO Alan Joyce Feb. 26, 2015 at 1:29 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Flies Back Into Profit as Revamp Pays Off Feb. 25, 2015 at 7:36 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Asia Corporate Watch: News Digest Feb. 8, 2015 at 2:34 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Virgin Australia Swings to Second-Quarter Net Profit Feb. 5, 2015 at 8:59 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Asian Aviation Sector to Benefit From Fuel-Price Plunge Jan. 27, 2015 at 12:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases The Alternative Allure of Australia’s Byron Bay Byron Bay is a hippie beach town turned haute getaway spot. A guide on where to stay, eat, swim, kayak and sip Aperol spritzes by the pool Apr. 13, 2017 at 11:02 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Alitalia’s Turnaround Strategy Is a Flop Less than three years after Etihad Airways saved Alitalia from bankruptcy, the Italian airline is once again on the brink. Etihad’s turnaround effort has done little to push up passenger numbers or beat back fierce competition from low-cost carriers. Mar. 12, 2017 at 6:44 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal London Hauling: Qantas to Launch Australia’s First Nonstop Flight Service to Europe Dec. 11, 2016 at 3:21 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Europe Follows FAA Lead on Samsung Galaxy Flight Risk Sep. 9, 2016 at 11:54 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Samsung Shares Drop Over FAA Warning on Galaxy Note 7 Sep. 9, 2016 at 9:37 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal FAA Urges Passengers to Not Use Samsung Galaxy Note 7 on Planes Sep. 8, 2016 at 10:37 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Soars to Record Profit as Pain Pays Dividend Aug. 24, 2016 at 2:46 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Virgin Australia Plans to Raise $626 Million in Equity, Cut Fleet Size Jun. 14, 2016 at 10:01 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Eyes New U.S. Routes Jun. 3, 2016 at 10:42 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Air New Zealand Considers Sale of Virgin Australia Stake Mar. 30, 2016 at 1:28 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Volcanic Ash Shuts Down Bali Airport Nov. 4, 2015 at 12:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Travel Packages Even First-Class Passengers Can’t Ignore Oct. 7, 2015 at 8:34 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Soars Past Overhaul to Return to Profit Aug. 20, 2015 at 4:26 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Australia’s Local Airlines Under Threat May. 25, 2015 at 4:26 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Storm Clouds Part for Qantas CEO Alan Joyce Feb. 26, 2015 at 1:29 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Qantas Flies Back Into Profit as Revamp Pays Off Feb. 25, 2015 at 7:36 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Asia Corporate Watch: News Digest Feb. 8, 2015 at 2:34 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Virgin Australia Swings to Second-Quarter Net Profit Feb. 5, 2015 at 8:59 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Asian Aviation Sector to Benefit From Fuel-Price Plunge Jan. 27, 2015 at 12:23 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Asian Shares Rally on ECB Stimulus Jan. 23, 2015 at 4:04 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal No Headlines Available Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd. Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd. engages in the provision of domestic and international airline services. It operates through the following segments: Virgin Australia Domestic, Virgin Australia International, Velocity, and Tigerair Australia. The Virgin Australia Domestic segment deals with the Australian domestic flying, including regional network operations using the fleet of Boeing B737 aircraft, Airbus A320 and A330 aircraft, ATR aircraft, Embraer E190 aircraft, and Fokker F50 and F100 aircraft. The Virgin Australia International segment comprises Trans-Pacific, Abu Dhabi, Trans-Tasman, Pacific Island and South East Asia flying operations using a mix of Boeing B777 and B737 aircraft. The Velocity segment deals with airline's loyalty program. The Tigerair Australia includes the Australian domestic flying targeting the budget leisure market. The company was founded by Brett Alan Godfrey on August 1, 2000 and is headquartered in Bowen Hills, Australia. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 9 Full Ratings Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Qantas Airways Ltd. -1.27% $7.14B Air New Zealand Ltd. 0.44% $2.55B Regional Express Holdings Ltd. 0.00% $105.75M Alliance Aviation Services Ltd. 0.72% $84.6M Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by SQ -2.20% OIL 0.51% SCO -0.42% UNG 1.59% DWT -0.73% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News AT&T is Awarded “Supplier of the Year” from Boeing The Sky’s the Limit with Integrated Communications Solutions Supporting International Growth AT&T* has been recognized as Supplier of the Year in the Advantage category by The Boeing Company. AT&T was 1 of 13 companies honored April 12 for its distinguished performance in working with Boeing. AT&T provides Boeing networking and advanced mobility solutions through a multiyear, multimillion dollar contract. As a strategic provider of voice and IP networking, advanced mobility, IoT and mobile app solutions in the U.S., AT&T supports Boeing as it delivers and executes its IT strategies. This creates value throughout the business and supports international business growth, capitalizing on its longstanding relationship and knowledge of Boeing’s network architecture. “Boeing’s success is a testament to the relationships we have with the finest aerospace suppliers in the world such as AT&T,” said Kent Fisher, Boeing’s leader for enterprise Supplier Management. “Together we will continue to deliver affordable, technologically advanced products and services that help give our customers a competitive edge.” This year’s recipients represent an elite group among more than 13,000 active Boeing suppliers in 48 countries. This selection was based on stringent performance criteria for quality performance, delivery performance, cost, environmental initiatives, customer service and technical expertise. “We’re honored to be recognized. When it comes to building the world’s aircraft, we know network reliability and speed are critical to Boeing’s success. We’re here to help Boeing work as efficiently as possible,” said Frank Jules, president, AT&T Global Business. *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation’s best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We’re one of the world’s largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions. Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsall Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Railway Grease Market Forecast to 2022 with Global Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand and Cost Structure Next PostNext More Than 1 Billion Robocalls Blocked Search Recent Posts Healthcare Information Systems Market To Reach $70.36 Billion With 8.2% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Multi Cloud Management Market To Reach $4159.23 million With 28.1% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Mixed Reality Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 An Open Letter to Burma’s Daw Aung San Suu Kyi – A ‘Eye-opening’ Document Destined to the ‘Conscience-pricking’ to Awake the ‘Collective Sense of Morality’! Automotive Relay Market – Global Industry Key Players, Development Status, Type and Application, Forecast 2017 – 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Local Election Guide Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts 59° F Overcast Hi: 73° F Lo: 60° F Radar Forecast Alerts 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Election Guide Kansas Agriculture KSN Investigates National / World Politics Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Weekly Quiz Featured: Auto Recalls Kansas Wildfires Product Recalls Latest Headlines Late-night shooting in S. Wichita leaves one dead 12:32 am Breaking News One person is dead after a shooting at Kingsborough Apartments in south Wichita. Pompeo talks terrorism in some of his first remarks as CIA Director April 13, 2017 Just 10 weeks into his new job as CIA Director, Former Kansas Congressman Mike Pompeo gave some of his first remarks Thursday. Search party combs Protection for missing priest April 13, 2017 Two Wichita men sentenced for armed bank robbery April 13, 2017 Ark City man, three juveniles arrested after short chase April 13, 2017 Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Get Text Alerts Satellite / Radar Threat Tracker blog Alerts Closings & Delays Earthquake Map KSN Metrocam Current Conditions 59° F Overcast Feels Like: 59° F Wind: SE 6 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 59° F Sunrise: 6:56 AM Sunset: 8:03 PM Kansas Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Temperatures Mobile App Sponsored by: Sports Sports State of Madness Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Sports Latest Headlines Andover Soccer outlasts McPherson 2-1 April 13, 2017 The Andover girls’ soccer team gets the win at home against McPherson. Maize Baseball Defeats Bishop Carroll April 13, 2017 Eagles Defeat Golden Eagles Hutchinson, Salina Central Produce Big Wins April 13, 2017 Wichita State Bowling gets ready for Nationals April 13, 2017 Big 12 Golf Championship returns to Prairie Dunes Country Club April 13, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Latest Headlines Harrison Ford visit, Fisher tribute launch Star Wars event April 13, 2017 How do you celebrate 40 years of “Star Wars” in 90 minutes? Comedian Charlie Murphy, brother of Eddie, dies at 57 April 12, 2017 Charlie Murphy, older brother of Eddie Murphy and a comedy stand-up and performer in his own right, has died. MTV to revive ‘Fear Factor’ stunt competition series May 30 April 12, 2017 Heidi Montag, Spencer Pratt expecting first child April 12, 2017 Nancy Kerrigan discusses pain of 6 miscarriages in 8 years April 12, 2017 More Contact Us TV Schedule Our Team Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Telemundo in Kansas Work for Us Honor a Kansas Nurse St. Jude Dream Home Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 59° F Overcast Hi: 73° F Lo: 60° F Alaska Airlines starting non-stop flights from Wichita to Seattle By KSN TV Published: April 13, 2017, 8:19 am Updated: April 13, 2017, 3:20 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Alaska Airlines WICHITA, Kan. (KSNW) – For Wichitans and Kansans hoping to make their way out west, there is a new option starting today. Alaska Airlines will begin non-stop, daily flights to Seattle from Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport. Flyers can then find their way to over 100 other destinations from Seattle. “Wichita and Seattle are connected at the hip with regards to aviation manufacturing, and of course Boeing and Spirit Aerosystems are going to find this very advantageous to their business needs,” said Valerie Wise, ‎Air Service and Business Development Manager . Alaska will offer one daily round-trip flight, seven days a week. Flights are scheduled as follows: Depart Seattle @ 11:45 a.m., arrive ICT @ 5:05 p.m. Depart ICT @ 5:50 p.m., arrive Seattle @ 7:40 p.m. Alaska Airlines was named top airline in annual ranking of US carriers. For more, click here. Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download our News App and our Weather App for your phone and tablet. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Flying soon? One report can help you pick the right airline Airline cancellations pile up as storm disrupts travel plans Eisenhower National Airport reports second busiest year on record US airlines show improvement in annual study Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KSN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language, racial slurs or consistent name calling will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 1998-2017 KSN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Login Subscribe Search Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Food & Drink Pacific NW Magazine Outdoors Wellness Home & Decor Pets Cannabis Rant & Rave All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Life Food & Drink Pacific NW Magazine Outdoors Wellness Home & Decor Pets Cannabis Rant & Rave All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Life Log In Subscribe Sunday hats: special beyond Easter Deborah Riley, a retired nurse, collects hats to wear when attending services at First African Methodist Episcopal Church in Seattle. She shows off several hats from her collection in her Shoreline home. (Erika Schultz / The Seattle Times) Fashion Life Lifestyle Sunday hats: special beyond Easter Originally published April 13, 2017 at 6:00 am Updated April 13, 2017 at 2:28 pm A hat is more than just a hat. It’s “an expression of black culture that embodies self-expression, dignity, identity, tradition and respect,” says the manager of the Northwest African American Museum. Share story By Christine Clarridge Seattle Times staff reporter Deborah Riley is a no-nonsense professional who was the first black nurse in her hospital department at Vanderbilt. She’s never been afraid to speak her mind, but when it comes to Easter bonnets, she’s a bit traditional. She loves classic, broad-brimmed, vintage styles, derbies, straw hats and winter wools. For Easter this year, she is contemplating wearing a sweet and frothy candy- pink confection that makes her feel like spring has sprung. Riley is a member of the First African Methodist Episcopal Church, Seattle’s oldest black church, where she is among a coterie of women who are keeping alive a tradition of wearing elaborate hats for Sunday morning worship. The practice of wearing head coverings to church is not just about following scripture, showing respect to the Lord or being fashionable. For African Americans, it also connects wearers to their ancestors and their community and represents endurance and triumph over poverty, hardship and sorrow, said Helen K. Thomas, marketing and communications manager of the Northwest African American Museum. For Deborah Riley, wearing beautiful hats to First African Methodist Episcopal Church offers both a nod to tradition and a boost to self confidence. But “you wear the hat,” she says. “The hat doesn’t wear you.” (Corinne Chin / The Seattle Times) Most Read Stories No-kids wife can make herself scarce around hubby’s nephews, niece | Dear Carolyn 3 killed in Seattle, Burien, Federal Way shootings Skier killed in Snoqualmie Pass avalanche remembered as ‘true educator’ Councilmember Kshama Sawant says Seattle ‘shaken’ by Mayor Ed Murray sex-abuse allegations Mayor Ed Murray’s lawyer: Medical exam disproves accuser’s anatomical claim3-course dinners for $32 starting April 2. Elaborate headpieces and intricate braids actually predate slavery in the Americas and can be traced back to Africa, where headwraps, such as the gele, remain popular. “When I think about these lovely, gorgeous hats, I think about the intricate braids that various African tribes and cultures have and the reverence we have for our crowns, the closest part of our bodies to God,” Thomas said. Although head coverings are used by people throughout the world, Thomas said, in American black culture a hat is more than just a hat. “It’s important to acknowledge,” she said, “that we did not always have authority over our own selves and our own bodies, clothes, hair or looks. We were not, as black women, always afforded the luxury of adorning ourselves. So for us, there is something about wearing a hat that is deep. “It’s about the sense of connection you inherently feel with your ancestors and your community,” she said. “And an expression of blackness and black culture that embodies self-expression, dignity, identity, tradition and respect,” Thomas said. In the South especially, it remains a common custom for women to wear hats to church, according to Riley, who grew up in Durham, N.C., where “everybody wore a hat to church and most people wore a pretty new one on Easter.” Back to story Restart gallery More Photo Galleries Luminous blossoms Bleating good time: Beer benefit for baby goats draws crowd Reader’s Lens | Rainier’s here In those days, said Riley, 66, of Shoreline, people had their school clothes and their Sunday clothes, and the practice of dressing on the Sabbath was one way of showing respect while in “the Master’s house.” “I cannot enter the sanctuary without a head covering,” said Ruth Render, 83, of Seattle. “There’s something about a hat,” said the retired Boeing employee. “It makes me look beautiful.” Fabienne Brooks, a retired King County chief of detectives and the first black woman on the Green River Killer Task Force, was also brought up with the tradition. She remembers being a little girl, maybe 3 or 4 years old, and wearing a hat beside her beloved grandmother, who was also sporting a chapeau. As an adult, she said, she felt close to her grandmother every time she put one on. When her grandmother died, her sorrow led her to stop wearing hats and give away her collection. But it didn’t take long to realize that she missed them and to begin rebuilding her carefully curated stash. She favors strong, distinctive styles and clean lines, a medium brim and a rounded or flat dome. Like her friends, her hats are stored in beautiful, large, round hat boxes, stacked and labeled with the hat’s description. Though Brooks, of Newport Hills in Bellevue, won’t say exactly how many hats she has nor how much she typically spends on her millinery, she will say that she feels the money has been well spent. “When I put my crown on and the ushers say, ‘Here comes the queen,’ I just feel wonderful,” she said. “They notice and I love it.” When buying a hat, Brooks doesn’t shop online because she has to try it on, and it has to “speak to me.” Several of her most recent purchases were made from her friend Sonia Wooten-Gill, a seamstress, designer and milliner who makes one-of-a-kind creations under her label Faye Woo Signature Collection. Wooten-Gill, who made a Seahawks hat that Brooks said she will wear to church on football Sundays, says that wearing hats is not only fashionable, but in Seattle, it’s downright practical. “It keeps you warm in the winter and dry in the rain,” said the 60-year-old Seattleite. While her made-to-order creations sell for $200 and up, she said one of the beautiful aspects of hat culture is that it’s open to even the most impoverished. In fact, she said, it was a point of pride among many people without means that they were able to use their creativity, resourcefulness and determination instead of money to create a wearable work of art. “A lot of black women couldn’t afford to buy nice hats so they made their own from what they had around or what they could find,” Wooten-Gill said. “Their hats showed they could be poor but still look rich.” That’s exactly what motivated Orene Scott to learn the basics of hat making. “I was in my 20s and had just come out of school and I wanted to look nice, especially when I went to church,” said the 87-year-old Renton resident. But at 5-foot-10, she couldn’t afford to purchase clothes that covered her long legs and arms, so she learned to sew. And as she did, she also realized that she could use the scrap material to make hats that matched her outfits. “I started with a band and a piece of material and a bow, and it just grew from that,” said Scott, who estimated that she’s made 75 of the 100 or so hats that she owns. Many women plan to pass their hats down to relatives and friends. Though Brooks is only 65, she said she hopes that each of her close female friends and family members takes a hat of hers when her celebration of life is held. LueRachelle Brim-Atkins, 70, of Seattle, said her daughter tells her that younger women aren’t wearing hats like they used to. And when they do, it’s more likely to be for a special event such as going to the races, rather than to church. “It’s a little hard to think a tradition you enjoy could die out, but I’ve seen so many things cycle in and out, I can’t say for sure it won’t come in again,” Brim-Atkins said. These days, she said, it takes a little more work to find hats. In addition to online retailers, Brim-Atkins said hat sellers can sometimes be found in unexpected places. For example, she popped into the B and I Shopping Center in Lakewood and found some “fabulous” hats at the Hair Plus Beauty Supply store. Seattle-area hat seekers can also still purchase a creation from one of the city’s most famous milliners, Henrietta Price. Price, whose landmark shop, Henrietta’s Hats and Accessories, was once located on East Madison Street in Seattle, still sells hats by appointment from her home on Seward Park Avenue South. She and her daughters also make hat “house calls” for folks who can’t easily get out, said her daughter Anita Williams. Thomas was pleased to hear that there are many people who still seek out and treasure hats. “Each hat has its own history, its own wealth of knowledge, and its own stories,” she said. “Hats are often passed down through the generations to become a literal connection from one woman to those that came before her and will come after.” Deborah Riley’s daughter, Danielle Riley, is not a hat wearer yet. She is growing out her hair, and those big curls make it hard to find a hat that fits well. But when she looks at her mother, dressed to the nines with a beautiful showstopper on her head, she’s inspired. “I feel the connection,” said the 30-year-old. “I think she looks so regal, so splendid and so special. I cannot wait until I have the honor of wearing hats with my mother.” Christine Clarridge: cclarridge@seattletimes.com or 206-464-8983. The Weekender Newsletter Sign-up Make your weekend plans with dining, entertainment and event listings. Delivered Thursdays. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Now & Then: Love bloomed for a German-born florist in Seattle Previous Story With smartphones, customers are corporate whistleblowers Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get The Weekender delivered to your inbox. Make your weekend plans with dining, entertainment and event listings. Delivered Thursdays. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! The Weekender will arrive before noon on Thursdays. Back to the story
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Trump Softens on US Ex-Im Bank; Boeing, GE Smiling By Paul Ausick April 13, 2017 7:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet In another reversal from his campaign rhetoric, President Donald Trump said in an interview Wednesday with The Wall Street Journal that he now supports the U.S. Export-Import Bank, calling it a “very good thing and it actually makes money.” The two biggest beneficiaries of Trump’s reversal are Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE). Both companies use the bank to guarantee loans to buyers of their most expensive products. Commercial airliners and power-generation turbines are not cheap. Here’s how the president’s revelation came about as he explained it to the Journal: I will tell you what, I was very much opposed to Ex-Im Bank, because I said what do we need that for IBM and for General Electric and all these — it turns out that, first of all lots of small companies will really be helped, the vendor companies, but also maybe more importantly, other countries give it. And when other countries give it, we lose a tremendous amount of business. … You know, it actually could make a lot of money. The Ex-Im Bank has been essentially out of business for nearly two years. The Congress refused to appoint two Obama nominees to the bank’s board, another board member resigned, and without new appointments, the remaining two members of the five-member board could not constitute a quorum. Without a quorum, the bank could not commit to any deal valued at more than $10 million. Congress also refused to change the quorum requirement. In 2015 the bank authorized just $5 billion in new financing and posted a profit of $284 million. In 2014, the last year that the Ex-Im Bank was fully operational, financing topped $20 billion and profits totaled $675 million. As for job creation, the bank’s annual report for 2016 claims 2014 financings supported nearly 165,000 U.S. jobs, compared with 52,000 jobs in 2015. The Ex-Im Bank is often maligned as the “Bank of Boeing,” but about 90% of its 3,746 authorizations for guarantees, insurance and working capital in 2014 and $5.1 billion of its authorized funds went to U.S. small businesses. Boeing received $6.1 billion in guarantees in 2014. In 2015 the bank authorized more than $2.6 billion in financing and insurance supporting American small businesses, about half the prior year’s total. Even though the president may have softened on the Ex-Im Bank, he still needs to persuade congressional Republicans to support it. That may not be as easy to do as changing his own mind. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Warren Buffett Paid Least Among Big Company CEOs, Only One Under $1 Million Top Strategist Very Bullish for the Next Year, but Then Look Out After » Read more: Banking & Finance, Politics, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick Retailers Closing the Most Stores Most (and Least) Tax-Friendly States for Business The Fastest Growing City in Each State States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Recent J.C. Penney To Put Off Closing Stores CNBC Valeant, Sorrento Pharmaceuticals Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Caterpillar Tank DJIA on Thursday What Drives Americans’ Preferences for Pickups or Cars? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Tesla, Inc.'s Model 3: Final Unveiling in July Earnings up 17% at Citigroup in First Quarter Considering a 15-Year or 30-Year Mortgage? Don't Make This Mistake Nasdaq Composite Index closes down 0.5% S&P 500 closes down 0.7% Dow Jones Industrial Average closes 0.7% lower Q1 Earnings Season Ramps Up Good Quality ETFs and Stocks for an Edgy Market Tesla (TSLA) Shares Gain as Musk Tweets New Car Details Asian shares, Korean won head south on geopolitical worries Netflix scorecard to test mettle of tech rally Uber may face $1 million fine over California drunken-driving complaints Forecasters Lower Growth Outlook as Hopes for Quick Stimulus Fade Rpt: Verizon Considering Topping AT&T's Bid For Straight Path Apple May Team With Foxconn To Bid On Toshiba's Chip Business: Report Rupert Murdoch Raves About Fox News, Doesn't Mention Bill O'Reilly Scott Pruitt Heads To Coal Mine To Pitch New EPA Agenda Trump Makes His First Big Changes To Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Global Market Forecast 2016-2020 HTF Market Intelligence released a new research report of 69 pages on title ‘Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2016-2020’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers key regions that includes Europe, America, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa etc and important players such as Airbus & Boeing Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/203701-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-market-1 Summary About Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Aircraft health monitoring systems collect data in real time from aircraft and make them available to ground operations. This is made possible through sensors installed at various damage hotspot locations throughout the aircraft structure or engine. These sensors allow integrated health monitoring, which enables the early detection of anomalies such as debility or cracks. Necessary preventive measures can thus be implemented on time, reducing the chances of critical damage or major system failure. Research analysts forecast the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market to grow at a CAGR of 7.86% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market for 2016-2020. The report provides a global overview of the market and its growth prospects in the Americas, Asia Pacific (APAC), and EMEA. It also presents the market landscape and a corresponding analysis of the prominent vendors in the market. Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=203701 Research’s report, Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Airbus • Boeing • GE Aviation • Rockwell Collins • United Technologies Other prominent vendors • Accellent Technologies • BeanAir • Meggitt • RSL Electronics • Rolls-Royce Holdings • Ultra Electronics Holdings Market driver • Benefits of SHM over NDT • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Challenges to embed SHM sensors into the structure • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Utilization of SHM for aircraft composite structure • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Make an enquiry before buying this Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry-before-buy/203701-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-market-1 PART 01: Executive summary • Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report • Market overview • Top-vendor offerings PART 03: Market research methodology • Research methodology • Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction • Key market highlights • SHM: Overview PART 05: Market landscape • Market size and forecast • Five forces analysis PART 06: Aerospace and defense supply chain system PART 07: Aerospace and defense value chain system PART 08: Geographical segmentation • Global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market by geography • Commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market in EMEA • Commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market in Americas • Commercial aircraft health monitoring systems market in APAC PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of ….Continued Read Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/203701-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-market-1 Contact Us: CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager) sales@htfmarketreport.com Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaerospace & defense, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Applications, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Asia Market, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Europe, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Forecast, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems France, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Germany, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems India, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Middle East and Africa, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Product, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Revenue, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Sales, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems United States, Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Volume, Google News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Nylon Chips Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Next PostNext Video Walls Market Share, Size, Growth Opportunities, Key Driven Factors, Market Scenario Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: 5 ways to profit from Trump trade 2.0 By Jeff Reeves Published: Apr 13, 2017 8:25 a.m. ET Share Wall Street will embrace a new version of the Trump trade Getty Images Focus! By JeffReeves Columnist We have such a short attention span as investors. Not only did Wall Street fully price in the effect of a Donald Trump presidency in two months across November and December last year, but apparently some investors are already giving up on the “Trump trade” before the president’s first 100 days are up. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.67%   has dropped 2.5% since closing at a record on March 1, although it is still up 12.3% since Election Day. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%   has dropped 1.8% from its record close on March 1, trimming post-election gains to 9.6%. Perhaps more tellingly of what the fast money is doing, financial stocks have skidded 8.1% since March 1. You can blame old saws like “buy the rumor, sell the news.” Or you can blame newfangled distractions like a cellphone video showing a passenger being dragged off a flight and the nonstop news cycle of outrage that follows. Read: The stock market will be stuck in ‘purgatory’ until this happens But let’s not be too hasty. Like it or not, Donald Trump has four years in the White House and Republicans are still in control of both houses of Congress. We are a long way from the end of the Trump era. And while there have admittedly been setbacks and surprises, investors still should be looking to Washington for cues in 2017. Here’s what I expect to happen in the coming months based on the initial actions under President Trump and how Wall Street will embrace a new version of the “Trump trade”: Defense stocks should rise amid Mideast unrest I’ve been appalled for years at the staggering scale of the humanitarian crisis in Syria. But moralizing never seems to get me anywhere, particularly in the age of Trump, so let’s skip right to the trade: defense stocks. Picks like Raytheon Co. RTN, +0.26%   that manufacturer the Tomahawk missiles launched last week are top-of-mind, but don’t forget that the broader Trump budget proposal was heavy on defense — including specific calls to boost the F-35 stealth fighter program run by Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.19%   and production of other jet fighters and sub-hunting aircraft manufactured mainly by Boeing Co. BA, -0.24%  . In light of recent airstrikes and the support Trump has won among hawkish Republicans as a result, it seems highly unlikely that spending like this will be on the chopping block. Keep in mind, too, that the start of a conflict can be a big boost to these picks regardless of whether the conflict is deemed proper or popular in the long-term. After the Iraq “shock and awe” campaign at the end of March 2003, Raytheon surged 24% in two months and Boeing leapt about 20%. Here's how drones will change the future of warfare(2:21) The Pentagon's Strategic Capabilities Office aims to "get the military ready to fight tomorrow's war." SCO Director William Roper talked to MarketWatch about how drones, innovation and big data will shape the future of warfare. Tech companies can juice their buybacks with repatriation tax breaks It’s old news how much cash tech stocks have lying around overseas, but I’ll revisit the math for you. In its 2016 annual report, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43%     reported $113.2 billion in cash, but 83% of that was held by foreign subsidiaries — meaning roughly $94 billion in overseas capital. If that was hit by current taxes by a maximum of 35%, that shrinks to “only” $61 billion. But if Trump gets his way with a tax repatriation holiday rate of around 10%, Microsoft will have access to almost $85 billion. I’m not naive enough to presume that extra $24 billion in tax savings will go to jobs or factories, but you can be sure it will juice buybacks and prompt a special dividend that lifts Microsoft stock. The same is true for other firms such as Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61%  and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66%  . Construction firms will benefit from bipartisan infrastructure bill On balance, I’m pretty skeptical of Trump’s ability to get anything done with a divided GOP in Congress and an even more divided electorate. However, I don’t buy the notion that infrastructure spending is impossible just because it could be expensive. Polling of voters has shown strong support of infrastructure spending, and it’s one of the few areas where Democrats and moderate Republicans will agree. A recent “Infrastructure Report Card” from the American Society of Civil Engineers that gave our roads, bridges and waterways a collective grade of D+ underscores how the need is so great. Particularly after the Obamacare repeal-and-replace defeat and what I expect will be a disappointing push at comprehensive tax reform, infrastructure will be the path of least resistance for Trump to notch a policy win. That means firms like gravel giant Vulcan Materials Co. VMC, -0.56% machinery giant Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -1.86%  and transportation engineer AECOM ACM, -1.12%  should be decent bets. How 4D mapping could change the way we live and work(2:19) Mapping-software company HERE is owned by the biggest German automotive companies - BMW, Audi and Mercedes owner Daimler. HERE CEO Edzard Overbeek spoke to MarketWatch about the evolution of maps from two to three and, eventually, four dimensions. Don’t forget energy infrastructure efforts While roads and wastewater systems spring to mind most often when we talk of infrastructure, let’s not forget the energy infrastructure that has become increasingly important in the age of fracking and tar sands in North America. The much-maligned Keystone XL pipeline proposed by TransCanada Corp. TRP, -0.38%  has gotten the most press, but there are other projects such as the Dakota Access Pipeline — under construction by Energy Transfer Partners LP ETP, -0.28%   — that have been helped by the administration. And with the focus on energy jobs and independence from foreign oil, you can be sure pipeline and storage companies including Magellan Midstream Partners LP MMP, -0.35%  or Enterprise Products Partners LP EPD, -0.86%  will benefit from less red tape and delays on future projects. U.S.-only companies look safer than the alternatives There’s admittedly plenty of wrangling around the defense budget, infrastructure and the other issues listed above. But whether it’s a tax break or stimulus to help American consumers, or a trade war or literal military conflict that affects multinationals, one thing is clear: Trump’s nationalist worldview will always favor U.S. businesses. That ultimately may wind up being a net negative in the long run, but it’s the way things are. Furthermore, with Brexit to China’s slowing growth to conflict in Syria to missile launches in North Korea … well, there are plenty of reasons to be wary about investing abroad. Thus, consumer plays like Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, -2.16% or Macy’s Inc. M, +0.00% both of which generate almost every penny of revenue within the U.S., may be noteworthy. The same is true for business-facing companies like Paychex Inc. PAYX, -0.96%  or CBIZ Inc. CBZ, -0.36%  that almost exclusively serve American clients. Now read: Joseph Nye on what I tell my non-American friends about Trump More from MarketWatch United is about to hit more turbulence How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Quote References DJIA -138.61 -0.67% SPX -15.98 -0.68% RTN +0.40 +0.26% LMT -0.51 -0.19% BA -0.43 -0.24% MSFT -0.28 -0.43% AAPL -0.75 -0.53% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% IBM -1.13 -0.66% VMC -0.66 -0.56% CAT -1.76 -1.86% ACM -0.37 -1.12% TRP -0.18 -0.38% ETP -0.10 -0.28% MMP -0.27 -0.35% EPD -0.24 -0.86% LUV -1.20 -2.16% M +0.00 +0.00% PAYX -0.56 -0.96% CBZ -0.05 -0.36% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,453.25 -138.61 (-0.67%) Volume 235.8M Open 20,562 High 20,612 Low 20,453 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Raytheon Co. U.S.: NYSE: RTN $151.75 +0.40 (+0.26%) Volume 1.4M Open $151.00 High $152.64 Low $150.90 P/E Ratio 20.38 Div Yield 2.1 Market Cap 44.3B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $268.00 -0.51 (-0.19%) Volume 752.3K Open $268.14 High $270.28 Low $268.00 P/E Ratio 20.52 Div Yield 2.72 Market Cap 77.8B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $64.95 -0.28 (-0.43%) Volume 16.8M Open $65.29 High $65.86 Low $64.95 P/E Ratio 30.64 Div Yield 2.4 Market Cap 504.1B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $141.05 -0.75 (-0.53%) Volume 17.2M Open $141.91 High $142.38 Low $141.05 P/E Ratio 16.89 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 744.0B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B Vulcan Materials Co. U.S.: NYSE: VMC $117.28 -0.66 (-0.56%) Volume 1.2M Open $117.35 High $118.11 Low $116.26 P/E Ratio 40.16 Div Yield 0.85 Market Cap 15.6B Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $93.10 -1.76 (-1.86%) Volume 4.7M Open $94.60 High $94.86 Low $93.09 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.31 Market Cap 55.6B AECOM U.S.: NYSE: ACM $32.61 -0.37 (-1.12%) Volume 1.6M Open $32.81 High $33.18 Low $32.50 P/E Ratio 31.06 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.1B TransCanada Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TRP $47.63 -0.18 (-0.38%) Volume 610.5K Open $47.83 High $47.97 Low $47.54 P/E Ratio 170.11 Div Yield 4.01 Market Cap 54.8B Energy Transfer Partners L.P. U.S.: NYSE: ETP $35.56 -0.10 (-0.28%) Volume 1.8M Open $35.78 High $35.79 Low $35.37 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 11.87 Market Cap 29.8B Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. U.S.: NYSE: MMP $77.04 -0.27 (-0.35%) Volume 450.3K Open $77.47 High $78.00 Low $76.90 P/E Ratio 21.95 Div Yield 4.44 Market Cap 17.6B Enterprise Products Partners L.P. U.S.: NYSE: EPD $27.64 -0.24 (-0.86%) Volume 3.2M Open $27.90 High $27.97 Low $27.61 P/E Ratio 23.03 Div Yield 6.01 Market Cap 59.1B Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $54.31 -1.20 (-2.16%) Volume 4.0M Open $55.33 High $55.37 Low $54.29 P/E Ratio 15.39 Div Yield 0.74 Market Cap 33.6B Macy's Inc. U.S.: NYSE: M $29.17 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 4.1M Open $29.27 High $29.40 Low $28.82 P/E Ratio 14.62 Div Yield 5.18 Market Cap 8.9B Paychex Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: PAYX $57.89 -0.56 (-0.96%) Volume 1.6M Open $58.47 High $58.52 Low $57.89 P/E Ratio 26.19 Div Yield 3.18 Market Cap 21.0B CBIZ Inc U.S.: NYSE: CBZ $13.95 -0.05 (-0.36%) Volume 105.3K Open $14.00 High $14.10 Low $13.95 P/E Ratio 18.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 760.4M
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Airport Runway Safety System Market to grow at a CAGR of 8.53% during the period 2017-2021 Summary Orbis Research Present’s Global Airport Runway Safety System Market 2017-2021 which Examine into the present trends, highlights the recent market growth, sales volume, Demand Scenarios and Opportunities emerging for business players in the near future. Description Research Report – Global Airport Runway Safety System Market 2017-2021 the following companies as the key players in the Global Airport Runway Safety System Market: ADB Airfield Solutions, Honeywell International, Varec, and Saab Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Aviation Safety Technologies, Boeing, Indra Navia, and NEC Commenting on the report: “Researchers from the Korea Transport Institute, South Korea, developed a new technology. It deals with an aircraft-arresting paving material that is usually installed in locations such as aircraft runway safety zones or landing strips. This material ensures that an aircraft does not leave the runway while landing, departing, or overrunning. In case the aircraft tends to leave the runway, the material breaks itself. The paving material is a low-strength waterproof perlite concrete that acts as an overrun prevention paving material.” According to the report, airports around the world are witnessing growing demand for air transport, which is resulting many operational challenges for airport management teams. Airport authorities and airlines face various runway-based safety hazards, which includes presence of birds, wildlife, and a wide-range of FOD. Hence, there is a significant emphasis on the detection of debris, as they can cause significant damage to an aircraft and can also lead to accidents. In addition, adverse weather conditions ice, rain, fog, and snow may pose serious threats. Get a PDF Sample of Global Airport Runway Safety System Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/244721 Further, the report states that while technological advancements helping in enhancing aircraft landing and navigation, the success of instrument landing system (ILS) still hinges upon the proficiency of an airport and on the maintenance of runways and taxiways. Under severe weather conditions, such as winter storms, these runways, taxiways, NAVAIDS, VLA, and ILS end up being covered in snow, resulting in flight delays and cancellations and causing a ripple effect across countries and their respective airports. Under such conditions, the ILS systems fail to generate and provide accurate data. For example, over the last two years, there were heavy snow storms in the UK, which resulted in many cancellations of flights and a temporary closure of the Heathrow International Airport. In 2014, due to a heavy snowstorm, there were approximately 4,000 flight cancellations at the Heathrow Airport. In addition, the North American airports at Atlanta, Boston, and San Francisco have been severely affected by dense snow storms over the last decade, resulting in delays and cancellations of flights. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirport Runway Safety System, Airport Runway Safety System Industry, Airport Runway Safety System Market, Airport Runway Safety System Trends, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ENT Devices Market 2017:Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext ENT Diagnostic and Surgical Devices Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews UAV Drones Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global UAV Drones market is estimated at $5.93 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $22.15 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 20.7% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand in military applications to fight against terrorism and rising demand for actionable intelligence are the major factors propelling the market growth. Whereas privacy concerns owing to stringent government regulations and lack of professional pilots are the factors hampering the market growth. Controlling accidents of the drones is the major challenge factor for the market. In commercial application, media and entertainment holds the largest share in market owing to its usage by professionals in capturing images and videos in the areas where they can’t reach. Agricultural application is expected to move at faster phase during forecast period. Whereas in military drones, border security segment accounted for the largest share owing to usage of drones in guarding borders and for combat missions. Spying segment is anticipated to have the lucrative share during forecast period. North America dominated the global market for UAV Drones in 2015. North America has used UAV drones in wars against terrorism and in atmospheric research for collection of samples that has made this region to hold largest market share. Asia Pacific will experience the fastest growth in the coming few years. Some of the key players in the market include The Boeing Company, Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd., Precisionhawk, BAE Systems PLC, Northrop Grumman Corp., Elbit Systems Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corp., Aerovironment, Inc., Thales SA, 3DR, Flir Systems, Inc., DJI, Parrot SA, Turkish Aerospace Industries Inc., Leonardo Spa, Dronedeploy and General Dynamics Corporation. For More, PLease Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/uav-drones-market Components Covered: • Sensor o Proximity Sensors o Position Sensors o Motion Sensors o Temperature Sensors o Light Sensors o Other Sensors • Camera System o Lidar Camera o Multispectral Camera o High Resolution Camera o Thermal Camera • Propulsion System • Navigation System o Geographic Information System (GIS) o Global Positioning System (GPS) • Battery • Other Components Types Covered: • Military Drones o Unmanned Combat Air Systems (UCAS) o Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance (Male) UAVs o Small Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems (Stuas) o High Altitude Long Endurance (Hale) UAVs • Commercial Drones o VTOL Drones § Hybrid Drones § Rotary Blade Drones § Nano Drones o Fixed-Wing Drones Applications Covered: • Military Drones o Border Security o Spying o Combat Operations o Search and Rescue Operations • Commercial Drones o Diy Drones (Do-It-Yourself) o Precision Agriculture o Inspection and Monitoring § Public Infrastructure § Oil and Gas § Power Plants o Media and Entertainment o Education o Law Enforcement o Surveying and Mapping o Retail Subsystems Covered: • UAV Sub-Station Components o Data Telemetry o Antenna Tracking Systems o Launch Systems o Ground Control Stations & Simulators Training Centers o Autopilot Navigation& Auto Landing Recovery • UAV Device Components o UAV Engines o Imaging Data Centres o Airframes o Detectors, Spectrometers, Spectrophotometers o Sense And Avoid Systems Payloads Covered: • Military Drones o Above 600 Kg o Up to 150 Kg o Up to 600 Kg • Commercial Drones (Up to 25kg) Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, PLease Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/uav-drones-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biodegradable Packaging Materials Market To Exhibit Robust Growth Next PostNext Director dealings Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
GoSearch KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 65° 65° Low 54° High 75° Fri 57° 78° Sat 61° 80° Sun 60° 75° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Maryville University to open center to aid low-income students with STEM programs Posted 11:27 pm, April 12, 2017, by Shirley Washington, Updated at 11:08PM, April 12, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video TOWN AND COUNTRY, MO (KPLR) - Helping students find STEM success in the classroom and in the workforce. Maryville University is launching an aggressive effort designed to do just that. The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Union, aviation giant Boeing, and Scott Air Force base have all hosted STEM programs for metro area students. Maryville University is opening a center for access and achievement to help youngsters in low income school districts succeed in science, technology, engineering and math. Maryville already offers young scholars from St. Louis area schools, including those in the Ferguson Florissant district, access to science and robotics programs, and that's not all. The goal is to reach children as early as possible and inspire them to reach their full potential. This summer Maryville University will be teaching 200 middle and high school students how to make apps on their own iPads. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Have a news tip? Do you have a story you want KPLR to investigate? E-mail us. Popular Two dozen people stuck on Six Flags roller coaster The Russia story just keeps getting worse for President Trump Jimmy Kimmel creates hilarious parody of viral United Airlines video Man pulled from car that crashed into River Des Peres Latest News From animal shelter to crime fighter, K9 officer gets second shot at life New legislation would allow ridesharing in St. Charles County Dotson says St. Louis losing more officers than it recruits Belleville church celebrates 28 years of Passion Play performances News Maryville University and PNC Bank partner for cyber security training News STEM class meets women’s basketball at SIUE News St. Louis Public Schools looks to build on success, after winning full accreditation News Teen gunned down during University City drive-by shooting News Metro East school district drops science fair for alternative reading News New York just OK’d tuition-free college for middle class News Mumps case found in Alton elementary school student The Pulse of St. Louis The Pulse of St. Louis: 24-hour school access News Missouri House passes state budget News Organization calls for school districts to outline, and clarify discipline polices News Substitute teacher under investigation after giving pills to students News The grim reality of student loan debt — it can last until retirement News Middle school girls catch private screening of inspirational ‘Hidden Figures’ Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Photos Videos Topics Live UAE 98/3 (13.1) - PNG (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Moab Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News World HIGHLIGHTS-The Trump presidency on April 12 at 10:02 p.m. EDT/April 13 0202 GMT Shares1 Thu, 13 Apr 2017-07:37am , Reuters Highlights of the day for U. S. President Donald Trump's administration on Wednesday: RUSSIA Russian President Vladimir Putin says trust has eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump as Moscow gives an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Wednesday: RUSSIA Russian President Vladimir Putin says trust has eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump as Moscow gives an unusually hostile reception to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. Russia blocks a Western effort at the U.N. Security Council to condemn last week's deadly gas attack in Syria. ECONOMIC ISSUES Trump says his administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even as he says the dollar is "getting too strong" and eventually will hurt the U.S. economy. Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen to a new four-year term as Federal Reserve chair. Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, his office says, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co and General Electric Co which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. NATO Trump says NATO is not obsolete, as he had declared on the campaign trail last year, but that alliance members still need to pay their fair share for the security umbrella. NORTH KOREA The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including an oil embargo, banning its airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials say. Chinese President Xi Jinping calls for peaceful resolution of rising tension on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group heads toward the region. TAXES House Speaker Paul Ryan's tax reform blueprint appears to be losing its status as the likely framework for the first major tax overhaul since 1986, with rival approaches emerging from the White House and Congress. Trump says he does not like the "border adjustment" tax formulated by Ryan and other Republicans in the House of Representatives and wants to call it an "import tax" or "reciprocal tax." HEALTHCARE Trump tells the Wall Street Journal he might consider withholding billions of dollars of Obamacare payments to health insurers to force Democrats back to the negotiating table on healthcare. POSSIBLE CONFLICTS A Democratic senator is pressing Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump's debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he had "great concern" about possible conflicts of interest. SPICER White House spokesman Sean Spicer says he had let Trump down with his "inexcusable and reprehensible" comments comparing the use of poison gas by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to the atrocities of Adolf Hitler. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Bombs can't kill bad ideology, in fact they help them to spread: Twitter reacts to US bombing Afghanistan World US hits ISIS target in Afghanistan with largest non-nuclear bomb; Trump calls it 'very successful mission' World Canada on track to legalise recreational pot by July 2018 World US drops bomb on Islamic State in Afghanistan: Watch terrifying test footage of 'mother of all bombs' World United Airlines passenger suffered concussion, broken nose, lost two teeth, says lawyer World Syrian army chemical attack 'fabricated' as 'pretext' to justify US strike: Bashar al-Assad Next Article > Gain knowledge, have patience to maximise returns Live Cricket Score Live UAE 98/3 (13.1) PNG (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indians Fri, 14 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST United Arab Emirates vs Papua New Guinea Fri, 14 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node Gain knowledge, have patience to maximise returns Related Bombs can't kill bad ideology, in fact they help them to spread: Twitter reacts to US bombing Afghanistan US drops bomb on Islamic State in Afghanistan: Watch terrifying test footage of 'mother of all bombs' Syrian army chemical attack 'fabricated' as 'pretext' to justify US strike: Bashar al-Assad Video WATCH: This adorable red panda ambitiously fights.... a rock! WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding View all Tags Donald Trump Russia Paul Ryan Syria North Korea Rex Tillerson United States White House Adolf Hitler China Congress Deutsche Bank House of Representatives Korean Peninsula Moscow Pyongyang Vladimir Putin U. S. Bashar al-Assad Boeing Co Chinese President Export-Import Bank Export-Import Bank of Federal Reserve General Electric Co Janet Yellen Sean Spicer U. N. Security Council Wall Street Journal SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News No reservation in taking anti-BJP parties' help on EVM issue: WikiLeaks a hostile agency helped by Russia: CIA chief PM pays tributes to Ambedkar at Deekshabhoomi in Nagpur Youths beating jawans video: J&K DGP praises CRPF's restraint CIA helped unravel N-smuggling network used by AQ Khan: Pompeo Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Costa relishing Hazard partnership at Chelsea Kazakh teen tennis star Arashov slapped with two-year doping ban Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, April 14 This legend's assessment of Roger Federer's retirement will make his fans ECSTATIC Chinese investors buy AC Milan from Silvio Berlusconi Entertainment Abigail Breslin reveals she was sexually assaulted Harrison Ford attends 'Star Wars Celebration' for the first time in 40 years! Pearl Jam ex-drummer not invited to Hall of Fame ceremony Look, look: Virat Kohli PUTS girlfriend Anushka Sharma's picture as his display picture on Instagram 'Fear Factor' revived by MTV, Ludacris tapped as host Money Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on I-T launches 'Op Clean Money'-II;to probe 60k high risk people Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on Friday Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on Friday USA-TRUMP/HIGHLIGHTS (HIGHLIGHTS):HIGHLIGHTS-The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on FridayReuters | Apr 14, 2017, 07.05 AM IST April 13 (Reuters) - Highlights for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday: AFGHANISTAN The United States drops a massive GBU-43 bomb, the largest non-nuclear bomb it has ever used in combat, in Afghanistan against a series of caves used by Islamic State militants, the Pentagon says. NORTH KOREA Trump says Pyongyang is a problem that "will be taken care of" amid speculation that North Korea is on the verge of a sixth nuclear test. Military force cannot resolve tension over North Korea, China warns, while an influential Chinese newspaper urges Pyongyang to halt its nuclear program in exchange for Beijing's protection. The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials say. RUSSIA Trump says "things will work out fine" between the United States and Russia, a day after declaring U.S.-Russian relations may be at an all-time low. FEDERAL RESERVE Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve chair as he considers his choices for the U.S. central bank. ABORTION Trump signs a resolution that will allow U.S. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent, a move cheered by anti-abortion campaigners. DEUTSCHE BANK Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen presses Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump's debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he has "great concern" about possible conflicts of interest. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK Trump's office says he plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, a victory for American manufacturers such as Boeing Co and General Electric Co that have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. FINANCIAL REGULATION Top Wall Street bankers say they are having positive discussions about financial regulation in Washington, and downplay the idea U.S. policymakers may force their institutions to split up. TRADE WITH JAPAN The United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan, a source says, an unwelcome development for Tokyo, which is seeking to fend off U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance. IMMIGRATION Trump's administration has focused on one group of illegal immigrants more than others: women with children, according to eight Department of Homeland Security officials interviewed by Reuters about agency planning. (Compiled by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and sandra Maler) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Go Mobile: Today's Workforce Demands It Mitel 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated More from The Times of India Vinod Khanna hospitalised Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter LK Advani cancels meeting with Arvind Kejriwal From the Web More From The Times of India Plan the Ultimate Girls' Night (or Day) Out in ConnecticutConnecticut Tourism 3 Types of CEOs and Some of the Best HybridsRussell Reynolds Search Firm Order Your 30-Day Kit of Delicious Meals & Start Losing We..Medifast® Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop NowMicrosoft What Ivan Drago From 'Rocky' Looks Like Now Will Make You ..TheViralDance OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular US drops biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan targeting ISIS caves Petrol, diesel prices to change every day from May 1 Is Sunil Grover hinting at Kapil Sharma with his latest 'shoe' picture? The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017 Ad: New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Infosys spooks D-Street: Nifty, Sensex end in red Markets see worst weekly loss in 2017 after Infosys disappointed with 2.83 per cent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 3,603 crore for the quarter ended March 31 compared with Rs 3,708 crore posted for the sequential quarter ended December 31, 2016. Infosys doing very well in cash flow generation: Vishal Sikka Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka was cautious at the customary media conference post March quarter earnings. He claimed the IT major was doing well on all segments, especially in the new businesses, but a seasonally soft quarter affected the company’s performance. From around the Web Endless Domino Insanity - I Could Watch This Forever Moodica Inside the D.C. Neighborhood That’ll Be Home to Both Tru.. Realtor.com Calculate the Impact of Improving Data Effectiveness Sage Women like you love shoes like these Clarks More From The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey Read MoreWashingtonWall Streetunited statesTrumpTokyo Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Tokyo futures set for weekly decline of nearly 7 pct Blackstone in advanced talks to buy Ascend Learning -sources Trump administration issues final rule on stricter Obamacare enrollment ICE certified arabica stocks rise by 3824 bags as of Apr 13 1The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on Friday 2Tokyo futures set for weekly decline of nearly 7 pct 3Blackstone in advanced talks to buy Ascend Learning -sources 4Trump administration issues final rule on stricter Obamacare enrollment 5ICE certified arabica stocks rise by 3824 bags as of Apr 13 Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav Mamata Banerjee Baisakhi 2017 Mamata BJP KKR Vs KXIP  US bombs Afganistan Moab Bomb Yogi Adityanath Afghanistan Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions League DD vs RPS Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Kollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Nanjangud bypoll SRH vs MI Power Paandi Review xXx Begum Jaan Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search HIGHLIGHTS-The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on Friday by Reuters Friday, 14 April 2017 01:31 GMT About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular After 'terrible couple of years', British Ebola nurse seeks 'closure' on return to Sierra Leone Escaping Mosul fighting, Iraqi women give birth where they can Millions of migrant Gulf workers forced to pay for right to work Hundreds of millions of poor menaced by 'silent killer': heat Kidnapping, forced marriage: Pakistan's Hindu women hope for protection in new law April 13 (Reuters) - Highlights for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday: AFGHANISTAN The United States drops a massive GBU-43 bomb, the largest non-nuclear bomb it has ever used in combat, in Afghanistan against a series of caves used by Islamic State militants, the Pentagon says. NORTH KOREA Trump says Pyongyang is a problem that "will be taken care of" amid speculation that North Korea is on the verge of a sixth nuclear test. Military force cannot resolve tension over North Korea, China warns, while an influential Chinese newspaper urges Pyongyang to halt its nuclear program in exchange for Beijing's protection. The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials say. RUSSIA Trump says "things will work out fine" between the United States and Russia, a day after declaring U.S.-Russian relations may be at an all-time low. FEDERAL RESERVE Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve chair as he considers his choices for the U.S. central bank. ABORTION Trump signs a resolution that will allow U.S. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent, a move cheered by anti-abortion campaigners. DEUTSCHE BANK Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen presses Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump's debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he has "great concern" about possible conflicts of interest. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK Trump's office says he plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, a victory for American manufacturers such as Boeing Co and General Electric Co that have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. FINANCIAL REGULATION Top Wall Street bankers say they are having positive discussions about financial regulation in Washington, and downplay the idea U.S. policymakers may force their institutions to split up. TRADE WITH JAPAN The United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan, a source says, an unwelcome development for Tokyo, which is seeking to fend off U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance. IMMIGRATION Trump's administration has focused on one group of illegal immigrants more than others: women with children, according to eight Department of Homeland Security officials interviewed by Reuters about agency planning. (Compiled by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and sandra Maler) Themes War and Conflict Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Original Lebanon urged to do more to trace thousands missing from civil war "Be strong"-Iraqis wounded in Mosul try trauma counselling to cope Nigeria in talks to release remaining captive Chibok girls Central African Republic violence worst in years - MSF About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News U.S. will lag as global climate action marches on, says former agency head Lebanon urged to do more to trace thousands missing from civil war Water out of thin air? It can be done, say scientists Post-Brexit vote plan to demolish 1,300 London flats is a 2 bln pound "gamble" - residents Online ads target Britain's homeless youths with offer of shelter for sex - charity Celebrated African women hope to inspire girls to narrow gender gap France arrests at least two people a day for buying sex under new law - charity FEATURE-Accra residents hope for healthier life with new sewage plant Scientists close in on vaccine for Chagas disease INSIGHT-Sold into slavery: India's lost generation of missing children Join Us
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine Digital Edition of New York Magazine Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Subscribe to New York Magazine NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Popular on NYMag.com Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE April 10, 2017 04/10/2017 5:33 p.m. The Airline Industry Is a Starving Giant That’s Gnawing At Our Economy By Eric Levitz Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print United we fall. Photo: Gary Hershorn/Getty Images By now, you’ve probably seen this video of United Airlines refusing to let one of its passengers “fly the friendly skies.” The airline had overbooked a Sunday night flight from Chicago to Louisville, Kentucky. When not enough passengers were willing to relinquish their seats voluntarily, a few were selected at random for de-boarding. One of those unlucky souls was, apparently, a doctor with patients to see the next day in Kentucky. He refused to exit the plane. So, security officials dragged him kicking and screaming — and bleeding — down the aisle. Some minutes later, they allowed him back onto the plane. Reflecting on his experience, the passenger stammered, “I have to go home … just kill me.” #flythefriendlyskies @united no words. This poor man!! pic.twitter.com/rn0rbeckwT— Kaylyn Davis (@kaylyn_davis) April 10, 2017 From one angle, this incident might look too atypical to tell us much about the state of America’s airline industry. To travel by air, Americans must subject themselves to myriad indignities, including showing up for overbooked planes and learning gateside that they are no longer welcome aboard. But being randomly selected for assault by security personnel generally isn’t one of them. It would also be reasonable to expect that the onboard assault of an elderly man, motivated solely by the United’s desire to save a few hundred bucks, might bring about some major changes. But the big airlines are dysfunctional at deeper level than most fliers realize. All industry forecasts paint greater consolidation, higher fares, and reduced service to midsize airports as the only path to sustained profitability. The incident on the Chicago tarmac might be a new low, but things are not going to get better anytime soon. For decades, airlines have been cancelling low-volume routes, reducing service quality, raising prices, merging to achieve economies of scale, declaring bankruptcy, and sucking up billions in public subsidies, and the industry still teeters on the brink of insolvency. U.S. airlines were in the red for all but three years between 2001 and 2010, according to the industry’s trade group. Their net loss over that period amounted to $62.9 billion. When the Carter administration began deregulating the airlines in the late ’70s, it did so in the name of fostering price competition. Sure, relinquishing public control might jeopardize smaller, rural cities’ access to convenient air travel, but free-market competition would also make flying more affordable for the vast majority of Americans. But thanks in no small part to lax antitrust enforcement by President Reagan and his successors, deregulation ultimately turned a public quasi-monopoly into a private one. Or, as Phillip Longman and Lina Khan put it in a 2012 essay for Washington Monthly, Carter’s reforms shifted “control of the airline industry from experts answerable to the public to corporate boardrooms and Wall Street.” This shift did little to nothing to make airfare more affordable in the long term. The cost of flying was actually declining at a faster rate before deregulation than it has since, according to a 2007 study in the Journal of the Transportation Research Forum. But the shift has taken a big toll on customer service standards — and, more significantly, on the economic growth of America’s midsize cities. As Longman and Khan write: The loss of airline service to rural and remote areas is an old story; by the 1980s, even some state capitals — such as Olympia, Washington; Dover, Delaware; and Salem, Oregon — became places you could no longer fly to except in a private plane. But over the last five years, service to medium-sized airports fell by 18 percent. … St. Louis, for example, has seen “available seat miles” — an industry measure of capacity — fall to a third of their 2000 level, following the American Airlines takeover of TWA and Lambert International Airport’s subsequent downgrading as a mid-continental hub. Two of Lambert’s five concourses are now virtually empty, and another, which housed the TWA hub, is only partially used. A third runway — the building of which required demolishing hundreds of homes and cost local taxpayers a billion dollars to finish in 2006 — is now redundant. “This scenario,” notes Alex Marshall, a senior fellow at the Regional Plan Association, “can be likened to states building highways and then having General Motors, Ford, and other auto companies suddenly telling their drivers to use different roads.” St. Louis’s loss of service comes despite the fact that the population of the St. Louis metropolitan area, the eighteenth largest in the U.S., grew by more than 4 percent between 2000 and 2010. The city is also the home of eight Fortune 500 companies and is a major center for such international players as Anheuser-Busch InBev, Monsanto, Boeing, Emerson Electric, Express Scripts, and Nestlé Purina. The GDP of the metro area, which is also propelled by such large research institutions as Washington University and a fast-growing medical sciences sector, rivals that of oil-rich Qatar. Yet like most other midsize American cities, St. Louis’s economic development is now hostage to the shifting, closed-door deals and mergers of a mere handful of airline executives and their financiers. In the writers’ estimation, a return to robust antitrust enforcement can’t cure the airline industry’s “terminal illness” by itself, because: [A]irlines — just like railroads, waterworks, electrical utilities, and most other networked systems — require concentration both to achieve economies of scale and to enable the cross-subsidization between low- and high-cost service necessary to preserve their value as networks. And when it comes to such natural monopolies that are essential to the public, there is no equitable or efficient alternative to having the government regulate or coordinate entry, prices, and service levels — no matter how messy the process may be. Needless to say, radically increasing government regulation is a nonstarter in Trump’s Washington. And taking on the entrenched interests of the airline industry didn’t really fly in Obama’s, either. Three years ago, the Obama Justice Department sued to block a merger between American Airlines and U.S. Airways, after concluding that “increasing consolidation among large airlines has hurt passengers … The major airlines have copied each other in raising fares, imposing new fees on travelers, reducing or eliminating service on a number of city pairs, and downgrading amenities.” Then the airlines hired former Obama administration officials and well-connected Democrats to lobby on their behalf. Three months later, the DOJ cleared the merger for takeoff. Still, it seems doubtful that our government will let a giant, profit-starved, private monopoly torture its customers and suffocate regional economies in perpetuity. And the growth strategies of our major airlines suggest they’re not going to stop doing either of those things on their own volition. So maybe, someday, America will arrive at a sane air-transportation policy. But one thing’s for sure: All such departures have been delayed for four to eight years. Tags: united airlines anti-trust policy mergers regulation airline industry Airlines are Starving Giants That Are Gnawing at Our Economy Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories Donald Trump Is the World’s Most Inept Hostage-Taker Why It’s Going to Take Another Financial Catastrophe to Fix Wall Street House Republican Quietly Hammers Last Nail in Trumpcare’s Coffin Most Viewed Stories Trump Says He May Freeze Subsidies to the Poor Until Democrats Repeal Obamacare What the San Bernardino Shooter’s Facebook Page Reveals About Domestic Violence Trump Gleefully Recalls the ‘Beautiful Chocolate Cake’ He Ate While Bombing Syria Spring’s Hottest Look Is a Pair of Jeans That Shows Off Your Entire Bare Butt Survivor: Contestants Respond After One Player Outed Another as Transgender Talking to the Popular Girls, 20 Years Later Bill O’Reilly Is Going on Vacation. Will His Show Return? Sheila Abdus-Salaam, First African-American Judge in New York’s Top Court, Found Dead in Hudson River The New York Post Has Come Up With Their Greatest Troll Yet Trump Budget Director Admits Their Goal Is High Inequality, Not Low Deficits Most Popular Video On Daily Intelligencer Tim Tebow Shocks Just About Everybody by Belting a Home Run in His First-Ever Minor League at-Bat Latest News from Daily Intelligencer Yesterday at 11:34 p.m. White House Survey Lets You Vote to Eliminate the White House The Trump administration wants to know if there are any federal agencies Americans think are unnecessary – and they mean any agency. Yesterday at 5:42 p.m. Report: White House Mulls Sending Thousands of U.S. Ground Troops Into Syria H.R. McMaster is reportedly pressing his colleagues to consider sending up to 50,000 ground troops to fight ISIS. Yesterday at 5:04 p.m. Canada’s Government Has a Plan to Legalize Recreational Weed by Next Summer The proposal fulfills a Justin Trudeau campaign promise. Yesterday at 4:55 p.m. The Ad War Is Getting Nasty — and Expensive — in Georgia’s Special Election There hasn’t ever been anything like it in Georgia politics, with $14 million spent so far — $5 million by Jon Ossoff. Yesterday at 3:56 p.m. U.S. Drops ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ Biggest Non-Nuke Ever Used, in Afghanistan The 22,000-pound bomb was dropped on ISIS tunnels in Afghanistan. Yesterday at 3:53 p.m. Someone Please Show Ivanka Pictures of Starving Yemeni Children Saudi Arabia is engineering a famine in Yemen with our government’s help. We could stop them right now if we wanted to. Yesterday at 1:30 p.m. Trump Signs Law That Allows States to Defund Abortion Providers The bill barely passed in the Senate last month. Yesterday at 1:17 p.m. The Case for Kleptocracy The most effective check on President Trump’s worst instincts may be his family’s desire to subordinate public policy to the needs of their brand. Yesterday at 12:55 p.m. American-Led Air Strike Mistakenly Kills 18 Anti-ISIS Allies in Syria The strike was supposed to be on ISIS forces, but it hit fighters from the Syrian Democratic Forces instead. Yesterday at 12:49 p.m. The Model Minority in the Age of Trump The United Airlines incident occurred within a disturbing context of increased hate directed at Asian-Americans. Yesterday at 10:49 a.m. United Will Refund Passengers Who Watched Man’s Violent ‘Reaccomodation’ The airline is doing everything it can to engender some good will. Yesterday at 9:38 a.m. Donald Trump Is the World’s Most Inept Hostage-Taker “I don’t want people to get hurt,” but he will kill Obamacare, threatens president. Yesterday at 7:45 a.m. Why It’s Going to Take Another Financial Catastrophe to Fix Wall Street The man who oversaw the bailout in 2008 is not optimistic about the banking industry under President Donald Trump. Yesterday at 5:17 a.m. Trump Administration Draws Up Plans to Make ‘Deportation Force’ a Reality Homeland Security outlined how to hire more border agents, expand detention centers, and speed up legal proceedings. Now they just need funding. Yesterday at 3:17 a.m. Paul Manafort to Belatedly Register As a Foreign Agent He decided to declare his work in Ukraine amid new revelations about loans from firms tied to Trump and payments listed in a secret ledger. Yesterday at 2:29 a.m. Sheila Abdus-Salaam, First Black Judge on N.Y.’s Top Court, Found Dead in River She was also the nation’s first female Muslim judge. Yesterday at 12:48 a.m. The Trump Kids Appear to Be Pinning Their Hopes on Dad’s Elusive ‘Pivot’ They’re said to be worried about how White House dysfunction affects their brand, not about Bannon’s ideology. 4/12/2017 at 10:34 p.m. Mulvaney Pushes ‘Sanctuary City’ Crackdown That May Lead to Government Shutdown Trump’s OMB director has tossed another inflammatory issue into the mix. 4/12/2017 at 6:46 p.m. Trump Says He May Freeze Subsidies to the Poor Until Democrats Repeal Obamacare “I don’t want people to get hurt,” Trump said, but if he cuts off the payments, “the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating.” 4/12/2017 at 6:29 p.m. Here Are All of Trump’s Rollbacks, Reversals, and Flip-flops That Happened Today Candidate Trump would not like President Trump. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 14, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini World’s biggest bombs: India’s SPICE no match for America’s MOAB or Russian FOAB india Updated: Apr 14, 2017 12:03 IST Rahul Singh Hindustan Times, New Delhi A Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) weapon is prepared for testing at the Eglin Air Force Armament Centre in March 11, 2003. (REUTERS) Less than three months after Donald Trump took over as President, an MC-130 aircraft operated by the United States Air Force Special Operations Command dropped one of the biggest conventional bombs in country’s arsenal in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday. Deployed by the US military for the first time in combat, the GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB) is one of the most powerful non-nuclear weapons in the possession of any military worldwide. The 21,000-lb MOAB’s sheer destructive power has earned it the nickname ‘Mother of All Bombs’. Neither India nor Pakistan nor even China possesses non-nuclear bombs that are in the league of MOAB, developed in the early 2000s. In fact, their stockpile doesn’t come anywhere close to MOAB-like munitions. Read | US drops GBU-43 bomb in Afghanistan: What we know about the ‘mother of all bombs’ The rare strike against Islamic State fighters with a weapon of this size has turned the spotlight on the world’s biggest and largest contemporary non-nuclear bombs, primarily held only by the militaries of Russia and the US. Here’s a quick look at some of these deadly air-delivered monster munitions whose efficiency and power almost match nuclear weapons, and the smaller bombs that the air forces of India, China and Pakistan hold in their inventories: Aviation Thermobaric Bomb of Increased Power: Also known as the ‘Father of All Bombs’ (FOAB), it is the Russian answer to the American bomb. Moscow successfully tested the weapon in 2007; four years after the US developed the MOAB. It is reportedly the world’s most powerful non-nuclear bomb, capable of unleashing 44 tons of explosives compared to 11 tons in the GBU-43 MOAB. At 15,650 lb, the FOAB is lighter than the American bomb but the former’s significantly higher blast yield makes it far more lethal. GBU-43 MOAB: Designed to destroy underground facilities, caves and tunnels, the US had developed the GPS-guided bomb for the 2003 invasion of Iraq but it was never used in combat until Thursday evening. Just like the Russian bomb, the 30-foot MOAB detonates before hitting the ground and causes unthinkable destruction by sending deadly shockwaves up to a distance of over a mile in all directions. The GBU-43 MOAB, however, is not the heaviest conventional munition in the American arsenal. GBU-57A/B Massive Ordnance Penetrator: Known by its acronym MOP, the 30,000-lb American bomb is perhaps the heaviest conventional weapon in the world. However, the bunker buster bomb’s explosive power doesn’t match that of the MOAB or the FOAB. Manufactured by US defence giant Boeing, the GBU-57A/B MOP is designed to obliterate underground nuclear facilities and deeply buried enemy targets. GBU-28 Hard Target Penetrator: The air forces of Israel and South Korea have the 5,000-lb GBU-28 bunker buster munitions supplied by the US in their inventories. The bombs were deployed by the USAF during Operation Desert Storm to carry out strikes against Iraqi bunkers, military installations and high value strategic targets in 1991. The GBU-28, a variant of the Paveway III bomb, can reportedly blast through six metres of concrete. Read more Trump says he ordered Syria missile strike during dessert with Chinese President Xi Syrian president Bashar al-Assad says news of gas attack ‘100% fabrication’ GBU-24 Paveway II bombs: The French Air Force’s Rafale omni-role fighters can carry a number of bombs from the US Paveway family of munitions. The heaviest air-to-surface conventional weapon the fighter can be equipped with is the GBU-24 Paveway II 2,000-lb laser-guided bomb. INDIA SPICE: The Israel-manufactured SPICE (smart precise impact and cost effective) bomb is the biggest conventional bomb that can be delivered by the Indian Air Force. Manufactured by Israeli firm Rafael Advanced Defence Systems Ltd, the 2000-lb precision guided bombs are used on the French-origin Mirage 2000 fighters. The IAF’s Jaguar deep-strike penetration aircraft can be fitted with 1,000-lb bombs for destroying the enemy’s ammunition dumps during combat. In one configuration, a Sukhoi-30 MKI fighter can carry 26 bombs of 550-lb class to destroy a concentration of enemy armour and personnel. The fighter can also carry 1,000-lb HSLD (high speed, low drag) bombs to destroy enemy airfields. Indian fighter planes can also drop indigenously produced 1,000-lb bombs fitted with Israel Aircraft Industries-produced Griffin laser-guided systems CHINA AND PAKISTAN The People’s Liberation Army Air Force has a variety of conventional bombs ranging in the 500 lb to 3,000-lb class. Most of these general purpose bombs have been developed by the China’s North Industries Corporation. Most of the designs are reportedly based on bombs earlier imported from Russia. Some of the designs also reportedly draw inspiration from the US Mk 80/82/83/84 bombs. Some other bombs in the Chinese inventory are also suspected to have been copied from Western designs. The conventional bombs with Pakistan Air Force are in the 250 lb to 2,000-lb class, with the design again based on the US Mk 80 series bombs and mated to laser guided systems of American origin. Former IAF vice chief Air Marshal KK Nohwar told HT on Friday, “India, China and Pakistan largely have a similar stockpile of lighter non-nuclear bombs. It’s nowhere close to the mega bombs that the Russians and the Americans can deploy in combat.” Read more Syria happy with India’s ‘balanced’ stand on crisis: Riad Abbas, Syrian ambassador to India Syria gas attack: Those who use sarin can’t escape justice | Opinion tags US GBU 43 India military India ammunition India missiles more from india PM Modi pays tribute to Ambedkar in Nagpur Apr 14, 2017 11:58 IST BJP’s defeat in Karnataka assembly bypolls a setback for state chief Yeddyurappa Apr 14, 2017 11:52 IST Worth a Thousand Words- Make Your Smartphone Photography Smarter Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs PM Modi pays tribute to Ambedkar in Nagpur Apr 14, 2017 11:58 IST BJP’s defeat in Karnataka assembly bypolls a setback for state chief Yeddyurappa Apr 14, 2017 11:52 IST Selfie quest snuffs out four lives on railway track near Howrah Apr 14, 2017 11:45 IST Hema Malini drinks daily, she hasn’t committed suicide: MLA on farmer suicides Apr 14, 2017 11:56 IST Electoral Trusts: How some of India’s biggest companies route money to political... Apr 14, 2017 11:06 IST Shimla heritage ride: 130 cyclists to spread awareness about environment Apr 14, 2017 11:48 IST Mission 2019: Upbeat BJP to discuss strategy in two-day Odisha meet Apr 14, 2017 11:11 IST UN to end peacekeeping operations in Haiti, Indian units to stay back Apr 14, 2017 11:27 IST 36 Islamic State militants killed by America’s ‘mother of all bombs’: Afghan of... Apr 14, 2017 11:49 IST White House intruder: Two secret service officers fired over security breach Apr 14, 2017 11:09 IST US ‘strongly condemns’ any crime based on someone’s ethnicity Apr 14, 2017 11:53 IST North Korea condemns US for bringing nuclear assets to the peninsula Apr 14, 2017 11:09 IST Sikhs, Hindus celebrate Baisakhi in Pakistan Apr 14, 2017 10:56 IST Donald Trump hails US military after ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ dropped in Afghanist... Apr 14, 2017 10:32 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Tata Camelot housing | Project would have been an ecological disaster: Petitioner Aalok Jagga Apr 14, 2017 12:04 IST Selfie quest snuffs out four lives on railway track near Howrah Apr 14, 2017 11:45 IST After Ghaziabad, UP may allow CAG to audit Noida, Greater Noida Apr 14, 2017 11:43 IST School principal urges high court to quash FIR by peon over WhatsApp joke Apr 14, 2017 11:38 IST In a first, Maharashtra to stage special drive for transgenders to register as ... Apr 14, 2017 11:22 IST Thane call centre scam: Shaggy in custody, but cops yet to trace his millions, family... Apr 14, 2017 10:48 IST Tata Camelot housing project: Delhi HC order a wake-up call for Chandigarh auth... Apr 14, 2017 10:15 IST CM Devendra Fadnavis kick-starts projects in Maharashtra worth ₹1.6K crore onli... Apr 14, 2017 10:04 IST Stolen SSC papers: Mumbai students to be marked on overall scores Apr 14, 2017 09:56 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Instead of accusing NGT panel on Yamuna floodplains of bias, AOL must pay Apr 13, 2017 17:58 IST EVMs may not be perfect but they are better than the ballot paper system Apr 13, 2017 17:58 IST To become a pan-India party, BJP must respect India’s diversity: Rajdeep Sardesai... Apr 14, 2017 09:03 IST Kulbhushan Jadhav’s death sentence weakens Pakistan’s civilian government Apr 13, 2017 17:54 IST China’s One Belt, One Road has both economic and strategic aspects to it Apr 13, 2017 15:43 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indians: Five must-dos for Virat Kohli Apr 14, 2017 11:57 IST Live streaming, Gujarat Lions vs Rising Pune Supergiant, IPL 2017, T20: Where to... Apr 14, 2017 11:33 IST Fernando Alonso’s decision to race in Indy 500 signals F1’s American vision Apr 14, 2017 11:13 IST Live streaming, Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indians, IPL 2017: Where to... Apr 14, 2017 11:27 IST USA serious contenders for title if they bid for 2026 World Cup: Bruce Arena Apr 14, 2017 10:27 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Queen’s Tamil remake: Baahubali’s Tamannaah is out but the film still on Apr 14, 2017 11:40 IST Sushant Singh, Kirti Sanon are totally in love in first poster of Raabta Apr 14, 2017 11:32 IST The Last Jedi: Star Wars makers release first footage of Carrie Fisher Apr 14, 2017 11:25 IST Harry Styles auditioned for his role in Dunkirk beating ‘thousands’: Nolan Apr 14, 2017 11:18 IST Noted Malayalam actor ‘Munshi’ Venu dies Apr 14, 2017 10:13 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Omega-6 fatty acids not healthy for girls. It ups their risk of getting diabetes Apr 14, 2017 11:54 IST Wearing silk clothes does not aid eczema treatment in children Apr 14, 2017 11:35 IST Obese and underweight women more likely to get migraine Apr 14, 2017 11:19 IST Vishu, Puthandu, Poila Boishakh: Here’s what makes India’s harvest festival spe... Apr 14, 2017 11:58 IST Consuming violent media content may make you more aggressive Apr 14, 2017 09:29 IST Apple considers bidding for Toshiba’s chip business: Report Apr 14, 2017 11:44 IST Govt finds Rs 10,000 cr undisclosed income, plans 60,000 tax notices Apr 14, 2017 11:43 IST World Bank’s ease of doing business index will cover 8 new Indian cities Apr 14, 2017 10:32 IST With just 174 cars sold in March, is this the end of the road for Tata Nano? Apr 14, 2017 08:03 IST Delhi to London fare down by 19%, to Singapore by 22%: Flying overseas becomes ... Apr 13, 2017 21:42 IST India exports grow fastest in 5 years in 2016-17, despite demonetisation Apr 13, 2017 20:27 IST ‘Buy Ford’: Elon Musk to investors seeking 2 new independent Tesla directors Apr 13, 2017 19:53 IST Facebook cracks down on 30,000 fake accounts in France Apr 14, 2017 11:51 IST Apple considers bidding for Toshiba’s chip business: Report Apr 14, 2017 11:44 IST Silicon Valley tech prodigy plans to reroute self-driving cars with new ‘lidar’ Apr 13, 2017 18:47 IST PM Modi to launch BHIM-Aadhaar app on April 14, push Indians to ‘less-cash’ Apr 13, 2017 18:27 IST LG G6 to get LG Pay, facial recognition tech in June: Report Apr 13, 2017 15:44 IST Microsoft Spring Event confirmed on May 2: Here is how to live stream and what to... Apr 13, 2017 15:19 IST No support from us on Nokia phones made before Dec 1, 2016: HMD Global Apr 13, 2017 14:58 IST Stolen SSC papers: Mumbai students to be marked on overall scores Apr 14, 2017 09:56 IST No more extra marks in Class 12 exams? Govt will review policy to rein in cut-o... Apr 14, 2017 07:23 IST Mumbai University V-C pushes for digital assessment of papers Apr 14, 2017 09:19 IST Maharashtra removes ICT from Class 9 syllabus, easy maths to stay Apr 14, 2017 09:20 IST UPSC Civil Services personality test: Be sincere, not fake, about your passions Apr 13, 2017 18:35 IST Rohingya Muslims in Jammu under threat by traders’ association Apr 14, 2017 09:34 IST New Year Songkran festival begins in Bangkok Apr 14, 2017 08:55 IST A new year beginning on Baisakhi Apr 13, 2017 08:56 IST Bringing the internet to a remote corner of India Apr 12, 2017 08:46 IST Rural games shine in Rajasthan Apr 10, 2017 08:37 IST Special masses and prayers held on Good Friday Apr 14, 2017 11:59 IST Dipa Karmakar, Sakshi Malik amongst Padma Shri recipients Apr 13, 2017 18:37 IST 6500kg laddu offered in Surat Apr 12, 2017 18:14 IST Meet India’s first ‘one man band’ Apr 12, 2017 15:57 IST India-Pakistan relationship takes a nosedive after Kulbhushan’s death sentence Apr 12, 2017 13:16 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Snow, spinouts force I-80 closure in Sierra Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 3 East Bay residents accused of running phony investment ring Foreign minister slams Trump for ‘making trouble’ News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Lack of Korean films not political, says Beijing festival Quotes from North Korean official about tensions with US Ex-sheriff wants Sessions to be witness at contempt trial Government: 36 Islamic State fighters killed by massive bomb Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Dustin Johnson headed back to PGA Tour at Wells Fargo Giants fall to 0-3 in Madison Bumgarner starts with loss to Sure-handed Tre Watson poised to be Cal’s featured running back At Stanford, Gould returns to mentor running backs Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Scorpion stings passenger on United flight California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunken Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Teachers cash in, big time, by putting lessons up for sale A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do A view of life and death, ‘Truman’ is a thing of beauty The latest from Dear Abby No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ ‘Vertigo’ master class; James Ivory honored at 60th SFIFF Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco East Bay city embroiled in In-N-Out Burger battle You've got about six weeks left to visit Doc's Clock in its Salmon season to be cut short in fisheries along California coast Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Modern masterwork in Corona Heights Registered landmark Queen Anne with gorgeous period Noe Valley contemporary boasts four levels of luxury living Ornate, preserved Victorian triplex, circa 1900, hits the market Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Should you take a counteroffer? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/books/article/Bill-Nye-is-coming-to-SF-to-teach-you-how-to-be-a-11072209.php Bill Nye the Science Guy is coming to SF to teach you how to be a nerd By Michelle Robertson, SFGATE Published 3:41 pm, Thursday, April 13, 2017 Photo: Courtesy Sketchfest Image 1of/13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 File photo of Bill Nye.  File photo of Bill Nye.  Photo: Courtesy Sketchfest Image 2 of 13 File photo of Bill Nye. File photo of Bill Nye. Photo: Credit: The Planetary Society Image 3 of 13 NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 29: Bill Nye hosts National Park Foundation 'View-A-Thon' at Mashable on November 29, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images for National Park Service) NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 29: Bill Nye hosts National Park Foundation 'View-A-Thon' at Mashable on November 29, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images for National Park Service) Photo: Dave Kotinsky, Getty Images For National Park Service Image 4 of 13 Elliot Pulham, CEO of the Space Foundation presents the Space Communicator Award to Bill Nye (RNASA photo, 2016) Elliot Pulham, CEO of the Space Foundation presents the Space Communicator Award to Bill Nye (RNASA photo, 2016) Photo: ROBERT MARKOWITZ Image 5 of 13 Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 6 of 13 The front store window display at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. The front store window display at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 7 of 13 Chris Philpot from red state Utah, working at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Chris Philpot from red state Utah, working at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 8 of 13 Koyote (right) and Meow Meow (left) browsing books at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Koyote (right) and Meow Meow (left) browsing books at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 9 of 13 Coulter Ruland (left) from red state Arizona and Chris Philpott (right) from red state Utah working at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Coulter Ruland (left) from red state Arizona and Chris Philpott (right) from red state Utah working at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 10 of 13 Anonymously donated copies of George Orwell's 1984 book to be given away on a first-come, first serve basis at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Anonymously donated copies of George Orwell's 1984 book to be given away on a first-come, first serve basis at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 11 of 13 People browsing books at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. People browsing books at Booksmith bookstore as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 12 of 13 Christin Evans, owner of Booksmith bookstore, in the front window display as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Christin Evans, owner of Booksmith bookstore, in the front window display as seen in San Francisco, California on Wednesday March 1, 2017. Photo: Craig Lee, Special To The Chronicle Image 13 of 13 Bill Nye the Science Guy is coming to SF to teach you how to be a nerd 1 / 13 Back to Gallery If you were a student in the 90s, you likely have fond memories of walking into your elementary school classroom to find a television perched atop a rolling cart – the universal sign of a movie day.  In all likelihood, you wouldn't be watching a movie at all, but an episode of 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' which aired from 1993-99 on PBS. The sight of a scientist decked in blue coat and bow-tie could send hearts aflutter, while most students had to catch themselves from standing up and chanting, "Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill!" along with the opening theme song.  Well, Bill is back, and he's headed to the Bay Area in July. Booksmith, the Haight St. brick-and-mortar shop, is hosting Nye at the Castro Theater on July 15 as part of his book tour for "Everything All at Once."  The new book, says Booksmith events manager Amy Stephenson, is all about learning to "harness your inner nerd to affect change." "I don't know if he knew the world would be ending when he wrote it," she mused, "But it seems to be convenient timing." Related video: Bill Nye's mission to save science  Bill Nye talks about his life, the environment, and why having basic scientific literacy is important for everyone. Media: Fortune Related Stories Ocean world near Saturn top contender for life beyond Earth 'Mysterious benefactor' gives away 50 copies of '1984' at Booksmith Stephenson says Nye resonates intensely with her generation (she's a millennial) and his message of empowerment feels especially timely.  Besides hosting his eponymous TV program, Nye has worked as an engineer at Boeing, founded the Planetary Society, and authored two nonfiction books.  In the coming months, Booksmith will also be hosting author talks with Jeffrey Tambor of "Transparent," Kelly Osbourne, and Roxane Gay.  Stephenson says that a robust and diverse events program is integral to the bookstore's mission and survival against mega-booksellers like Amazon. "We create a space for people to gather and hear ideas – and also buy books," she said. "It's the biggest asset we have in terms of bringing people into the store." Booksmith presents Bill Nye at the Castro Theater on July 15 at 1 p.m. Tickets are available for purchase here. Nye will also be speaking at the UC Theatre in Berkeley later that night. More information here. Read Michelle Robertson’s latest stories and send her news tips at mrobertson@sfchronicle.com.  Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Snow, spinouts force I-80 closure in Sierra Market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 3 E. Bay residents accused of phony investment ring 'Star Wars' releases tearjerking new footage of Carrie Fisher NASA: Ice-covered moon of Saturn could sustain alien life Report: US threatens to attack North Korea over nuclear test Curry and Durant had a fierce 3-point shootout decided by 1 Proof that San Francisco traffic really is worse 'Infuriated' United pilots slam cops for dragging passenger Scorpion stings passenger on United flight Lawyer: United apology was 'staged'; victim injuries detailed 4 statements by United on passenger's removal from flight Only true locals can pass this Bay Area hometown trivia test San Francisco trivia quiz -- April 9, 2017 US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used Here's the father of all bombs: Russia's answer to the MOAB Talbot: Planned Parenthood under siege; time to fight, again ‘Dolores’ delivers the inspirational jolt we need TODAY'S TOP PICKS Storms leave Big Sur deserted for 9 weeks A tale of two trips on low-fare carriers: One is a disaster Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around SF Most Popular 1 Giants’ Crawford out of lineup after sister-in-law’s death 2 'Infuriated' United pilots union slams cops for forcibly... 3 Boy, 8, drives sister, 4, to McDonald's for a cheeseburger,... 4 Scorpion stings passenger on United flight 5 Woman mugged by teen mob outside SF Muni bus 6 Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco 7 Tensions between the US and North Korea are ramping up amid... 8 Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 9 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Islamic State tunnel 10 Report: San Francisco traffic worsened by construction LATEST NEWS Snow, spinouts force I-80 closure in Sierra Market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally 3 E. Bay residents accused of phony investment ring 'Star Wars' releases tearjerking new footage of Carrie Fisher NASA: Ice-covered moon of Saturn could sustain alien life Report: US threatens to attack North Korea over nuclear test Curry and Durant had a fierce 3-point shootout decided by 1 Proof that San Francisco traffic really is worse Can you guess the Bay Area city by its logo? View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Hi      |   My Account  |  Logout Login  |  My Account  |  Subscribe Trending: Clear Capital continues to grow in Downtown Reno A family effort at Arbors Memory Care Community RSAR releases 2017 First Quarter/March existing Home Sales Report Reno’s Renaissance hotel prepares to open to the public in May $1.5 billion deal rocks ski industry as Aspen skico, KSL Capital Partners buy Intrawest Serving Northern Nevada Menu News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad  News News Briefs People Real Estate About Us Special Sections E-Edition Events Tahoe Events Reno Events Carson Events Book of Lists Complete 2018 Survey Business Leads Marketplace Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Place Ad Karl Hutter Back to: News April 10, 2017 | Follow News Submit Your News Voices: Karl Hutter | Smaller businesses need Export-Import Bank Karl Hutter April 10, 2017 Article Comments () A little-known, high-impact U.S. agency — the Export-Import Bank — has been unable to do its job for U.S. workers and exporters since July 2015. The result? Forty deals worth $30 billion of U.S. manufactured exports are languishing until additional directors are appointed to the Bank's Board, restoring a quorum and allowing the Bank to approve transactions more than $10 million in size. For those who have never heard of it, Ex-Im Bank provides financing for U.S. export sales when private market alternatives don't exist, as is the case for deals in many of the world's most promising growth markets. International buyers who use the Bank pay fees and interest for these services, generating more than $3.8 billion in profit for American taxpayers since 2009. Over the past 10 years, export sales financed through Ex-Im Bank have supported more than 1.7 million U.S. jobs. Without its support, many U.S. exporters and the companies constituting their supply chains are hindered in their ability to compete and win in a fierce global marketplace. While Ex-Im Bank supports many great U.S. manufacturers across a wide spectrum of noble industries, I'm focused on aerospace; it's the No. 1 market for my company, Click Bond, headquartered in Carson City. Our products are proudly designed and manufactured by our 30-year-old company, which was founded by my parents. Click Bond now employs more than 400 smart and energetic Americans in Nevada and Connecticut. But our customers' ability to compete and win on a level playing field around the world directly affects our ability to pioneer, grow, and manufacture here in the U.S. Aerospace manufacturing is also one of the greatest economic engines for job creation in the United States, and it makes no sense to impair the performance of this critical sector that contributes so much to our national strength. The Aerospace Industries Association reports in 2016, the U.S. aerospace and defense industry generated $146 billion in exports and a trade surplus of $90 billion, the largest of any sector. A bipartisan supermajority in both the House and the Senate reauthorized the Bank's operations in late 2015. But, exporters that depend on the Bank watched in disappointment as the promise of a fully-functioning Ex-Im vanished when the number of Board members remained below the required minimum. Ex-Im critics celebrated this weakening of the Bank, which they call "corporate welfare," suggesting that only large corporations benefit from its support; nothing could be farther from the truth. The public needs to know every Ex-Im backed aerospace sale enables the sale of the output of the thousands of small- and mid-sized U.S. manufacturers that back up the major corporate nameplate on the sides of those products. I like to call our companies "invisible exporters" because, while our products and services may be obscured from public view, their critical content contributions are no less important. Each Textron, Gulfstream, or Boeing aircraft or satellite contains thousands of high-value parts from thousands of proud American manufacturers. Many of them are small, family-owned companies like Click Bond. Congress and the Administration should be seeking ways to assist the aerospace sector without distorting and damaging market health. The Export-Import Bank accomplishes this in its role as part of a multi-national system of export credit agencies operating under well-established rules. For the U.S. to shackle Ex-Im Bank is equivalent to unilateral commercial disarmament in the international marketplace, as foreign nations continue to provide loan guarantees in support of their home-team exporters. The result: U.S. manufacturers and suppliers will continue losing ground, and experience permanent damage to their global market position. President Trump speaks forcefully to the value of getting the best deal for America. Addressing the U.S. debt and trade deficit while ensuring U.S. manufacturers have a level playing field are top priorities tied to this sentiment. It's therefore essential for the Administration to accelerate the process of identifying and putting forward nominees for the Ex-Im Bank's Board of Directors and for Congress to expeditiously review and confirm these nominees. Karl Hutter is president and CEO of Click Bond, Inc. Join the Conversation View and add comments » A Facebook account is required Stories You May Be Interested In Trending In: News Clear Capital continues to grow in Downtown Reno A family effort at Arbors Memory Care Community RSAR releases 2017 First Quarter/March existing Home Sales Report Reno’s Renaissance hotel prepares to open to the public in May Top Jobs Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe Property Manager, On-Call EMS, ... Nixon, NV 89424 Pyramid Lake Paiute Tribe Is now hiring for: Property Manager Language Coordinator ... Mr. Appliance Appliance Repair Tecnicians Reno 89521 Appliance Repair Technicians Wanted Mr. Appliance has immediate openings for FT/PT, in ... Placer County Bus Driver I & II Placer County, CA 96143 Bus Driver I & II Placer County is hiring Bus Drivers I & II for both Placer County Transit... Americana Village Housekeepers Needed South Lake Tahoe, CA 96150 Housekeepers Needed Family oriented timeshare has immediate openings! Previous cleaning ... Ridge Tahoe Spa and Recreation Manager Stateline, NV 89449 Spa & Recreation Manager The ideal person would have an interest in Spa and Recreation ... Ridge Tahoe Kids Club Helpoer Stateline, NV 89449 KIDS CLUB HELPER The Ridge Tahoe Resort in beautiful South Lake Tahoe, NV has openings... Town of Truckee Maintenance Worker I Truckee, CA 96161 SEASONAL HELP WANTED - MAINTENANCE WORKER I, Town of Truckee, CA. ($19.10/hr - $25.78/hr... Ridge Tahoe Assistant Resort Manager Stateline, NV 89449 Assistant Resort Manager The Ridge Tahoe, a full destination resort located in Lake ... Evan's Linecook So Lake Tahoe, CA 96150 LINE COOK apply in person at Evan's after 3PM 536 Emerald Bay Rd. Alpine County, CA Museum Assistant Alpine County, CA 96120 Museum Assistant Museum, Alpine County, CA, Seasonal Part-Time $15.30/hr, Generally May-Oct ... Alpine County USD Business Manager/ Fiscal Analyst / ... Woodfords, CA 96120 ALPINE COUNTY USD, Woodfords, CA Only 35 minutes from SLT and 15 minutes from NV. Full ... Sierra Nevada Media Group Sales Account Manager Truckee, CA 96161 Are you a salesperson who feels a personal investment in the success of every client? Do ... The Fallon Police Department Police Officer Fallon, NV 89406 CITY OF FALLON POLICE OFFICER POSITION The Fallon Police Department is currently seeking ... The Cantina Linecook / Dishwashers So. Lake Tahoe, CA 96150 Now Hiring LINECOOK Apply in Person The Cantina 765 Emerald Bay Rd. California Maintenance Aids Tahoma, CA 96142 California State Parks Now Hiring Maintenance Aids! For Sugar Pine, DL Bliss, and Emerald... View all » NNBW E-Edition COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE Business & Service Directory House Cleaning Services by ... Carson City, NV 89701 House Cleaning Services by Maria Mendivil (775)671-8503 Licensed & ... "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 ... All over, NV 89423 "We Do It All" NV Lic. # 0069967 267-2233 246-8300 265-3858 882-7400 1 Call Home Repair Service! ... All Over, NV 89701 1 Call Home Repair Service! Insured! Call Tim 775-750-4744 lic # 1129177... Westside Landscape Weed ... All Over, NV 89701 Westside Landscape Weed Abatement, aerate & de-thatch Mow & Trim ... J&R Painting Quality paint job ... Carson City, NV 89507 J&R Painting Quality paint job at affordable price. Call Randy at 775-... #1 Moving Experience! Moving ... Carson City, NV 89701 #1 Moving Experience! Moving Assistant. Trash Hauling. 775-884-3906 or ... New Office Now in our new office! Dr... Tahoe City, CA 96145 New Office Now in our new office! Dr. Amin (Sam) Zahirfar General & Family ... Silver State Landscape Now ... Carson City, NV 89701 Silver State Landscape Now accepting new lawn maintenance accounts ... J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB ... Carson City, NV 89701 J.R. Seals Co. Sprinkler & PVB Repairs! Call 775-884-3835 Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop ... Ice dam removal service 24/7 stop leaks today 1-208-585-18154uicedamremoval... View all » News Home Real Estate Book of Lists Business Leads Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Autos Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Merchandise Recreation Reader Tools Contact Us Contribute ePaper Newsletters Advertise Archives RSS Single Copy Sales Locations News Neighbors Gardnerville – Nevada Lake Tahoe Grass Valley – California Nevada Appeal About Us Terms and Conditions Terms of Use Privacy Policy ©2005 - 2017 Swift Communications, Inc.
ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  April ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading US Air Force to Stretch F-16's Service Life, Keeping it Flying for 30 More Years Sputnik News In-Depth Coverage 23:42 12.04.2017(updated 01:31 13.04.2017) The US Air Force plans to extend the service life of the F-16 fighter jet from 8,000 hours to 12,000 hours, effectively keeping the aircraft in the air for decades to come. Manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced in a Wednesday statement that up to 300 F-16C/D aircraft of the Block 40-52 production lines will have their service lives extended. Susan Ouzts, vice president of Lockheed's F-16 program, said in a media release, "This accomplishment is the result of more than seven years of test, development, design, analysis and partnership between the US Air Force and Lockheed Martin … Combined with F-16 avionics modernization programs like the F-16V, SLEP modifications demonstrate that the Fighting Falcon remains a highly capable and affordable 4th generation option for the US Air Force and international F-16 customers." With modernization, the service will be able to operate the Block 40-52 aircraft safely past the year 2048, which comes as Washington looks to save money on some of its big ticket weapons, particularly the pricey F-35 program, which has been called the most expensive weapons system in history. The US Navy recently decided to buy an advanced fleet of the stealth jets, worth $400 billion, to replace the aging fleet of Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets, despite protest from President Donald Trump. Lockheed Martin also manufacturers the F-35, and saw its shares drop up to 5 percent in December after Trump wrote on Twitter that costs for the program were "out of control." An agreement with Lockheed CEO Marilyn Hewson was later reached to drop the price of the next 90 F-35s 8 percent, to $728 million apiece. The defense manufacturer said in a statement, "President Trump's personal involvement in the F-35 program accelerated the negotiations and sharpened our focus on driving down the price … The agreement was reached in a matter of weeks and represents significant savings over previous contracts. This is a good deal for the American taxpayer, our country, our company and our suppliers." © Sputnik NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Cogeco Communications Inc (CCA) Price Target at $73.06 Linde AG (LIN) Receives €165.32 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Expect Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) Will Post Earnings of $0.21 Per Share $0.86 Earnings Per Share Expected for Air Lease Corp (AL) This Quarter Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Shares Bought by Private Bank & Trust Co. American International Group Inc (AIG) Position Boosted by Private Bank & Trust Co. North American Management Corp Continues to Hold Stake in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Stake Increased by Visionary Asset Management Inc. First Command Bank Has $129,000 Stake in Tribune Media Co (TRCO) Prospera Financial Services Inc Acquires 4,800 Shares of Gladstone Capital Co. (GLAD) American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) Shares Bought by Prospera Financial Services Inc Prospera Financial Services Inc Has $312,000 Stake in Centurylink Inc (CTL) Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Stake Reduced by Alpha Windward LLC Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Shares Sold by Alpha Windward LLC K12 (LRN) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Nuveen Select Tax-Free Incom Portfolio 3 (NXR) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports BCE (BCE) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.32 RingCentral (RNG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Transocean LTD (RIG) Share Price Synchrony Financial (SYF) Receives $44.01 Consensus Price Target from Analysts $0.86 Earnings Per Share Expected for Air Lease Corp (AL) This Quarter April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages predict that Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) will report earnings per share of $0.86 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have issued estimates for Air Lease Corp’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.92 and the lowest is $0.81. Air Lease Corp reported earnings per share of $1.35 in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 36.3%. The firm is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Air Lease Corp will report full-year earnings of $3.65 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.50 to $3.80. For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will report earnings of $4.22 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.95 to $4.50. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for Air Lease Corp. Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $370.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $360.63 million. Air Lease Corp had a return on equity of 14.83% and a net margin of 26.09%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 13.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.21 earnings per share. Several brokerages recently weighed in on AL. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Air Lease Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Cowen and Company upped their target price on shares of Air Lease Corp from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. FBR & Co upped their target price on shares of Air Lease Corp from $40.00 to $48.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Air Lease Corp from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $40.00 to $42.00 in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Compass Point began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corp in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $46.00 target price for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $48.86. Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) traded down 0.67% on Monday, hitting $35.54. The stock had a trading volume of 521,831 shares. Air Lease Corp has a 52-week low of $24.49 and a 52-week high of $40.24. The firm has a market cap of $3.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.34 and a beta of 1.60. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $38.44 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.10. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th were issued a dividend of $0.075 per share. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 16th. Air Lease Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.12%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/0-86-earnings-per-share-expected-for-air-lease-corp-al-this-quarter.html. In other Air Lease Corp news, EVP John D. Poerschke sold 3,959 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.09, for a total transaction of $154,757.31. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 48,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,881,792.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Jie Chen sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total transaction of $1,174,200.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 280,341 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,972,546.74. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 9.45% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AL. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 0.9% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,856 shares of the company’s stock valued at $150,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 179.2% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 4,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 2,693 shares during the period. Dreman Value Management L L C bought a new position in Air Lease Corp during the third quarter valued at approximately $160,000. Janus Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Air Lease Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $209,000. Finally, Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in Air Lease Corp by 9.1% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,324 shares of the company’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 612 shares during the period. 90.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Air Lease Corp Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Air Lease Corp (AL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Giant Rubik’s Cube unveiled at UM Engineering students create large hand-solvable, stationary version of famous puzzle Post to Facebook Giant Rubik’s Cube unveiled at UM Engineering students create large hand-solvable, stationary version of famous puzzle  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2pbPQRJ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Giant Rubik’s Cube unveiled at UM Shawn D. Lewis, The Detroit News Published 5:01 p.m. ET April 13, 2017 | Updated 9 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Engineering students worked on the 1,500 pound, solvable Rubik's Cube for two years before it was unveiled on the University of Michigan’s North Campus Thursday, April 13, 2017. Bryan Mitchell, Special to The Detroit News Barbara Brown of Chelsea, center, tries out a giant Rubik's Cube after its unveiling in the UM Mechanical Engineering Department's G.G. Brown Building on Thursday. (Photo: Bryan Mitchell / Special to The Detroit News) 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Ann Arbor — A really, really huge Rubik’s Cube was unveiled on the University of Michigan’s North Campus Thursday. Its creators believe it to be the world’s largest hand-solvable, stationary version of the famous three-dimensional puzzle. Warning: Those confident enough to try to solve the 1,500 pound, mostly aluminum apparatus, might want to lift some weights in preparation. Moving around those huge squares is not for weaklings. It is an exact replica of the original colorful Rubik’s Cube, except the white square has been replaced with purple. The cube was imagined, designed and built by two teams of mechanical engineering undergraduate students over the course of three years. And when a colorful covering was pulled off the cube Thursday, those gathered on the second floor of the UM Mechanical Engineering Department’s G.G. Brown Building, cheered, applauded and snapped photos. Student Ben Pinzone stood near the cube, just gazing at it, following the presentation. “It is absolutely amazing,” said Pizone, 20, a sophomore majoring in computer science engineering. “It is because of the drive of students like these that I came to UM.” When Samuelina Wright, one of the creators of the cube walked by, Pinzone said to her, “This is so awesome.” Wright, 24, who now works for Boeing in Seattle, fought back tears as she addressed the crowd during the unveiling. “Bringing this to life was rewarding, but I didn’t realize how much joy it would bring from conception to unveiling,” she said. Wright said it was a bittersweet moment. “It took over my life, but it no longer is a project,” she said. “My dream for the cube would be to bring joy and inspiration to anyone who ever uses it and solves it. If it does that, there’s nothing I’d rather be behind at UM.” Wright’s parents, Kathleen and Jonathan Wright, both proudly taped their daughter’s speech with their cellphones. The first group of students came up with the idea for the cube on Pi Day in 2014. Martin Harris, who can solve one in 43 seconds, and Wright, who can deconstruct one and reassemble it in a solved state, were hanging out in an office in the College of Engineering. Harris was fiddling with his cube when Wright had a vision: What if they made a massive version similar to the central campus sculpture? That cube spirals round and round but cannot be solved. It’s more a piece of art. The two got approval to carry the idea forward as a capstone senior design project. The first team of four students — Kelsey Hockstad, Dan Hiemstra, Harris and Wright—worked on it for two years and graduated in 2016. The cube still needed fine tuning as well as a stand. They convinced another group — Jason Hoving, Ryan Kuhn and Doug Nordman — to continue the project. The original team stayed involved to guide them. Noel Perkins, a professor of mechanical engineering, served as adviser for the student teams. “This was entirely their idea, and I am elated, thrilled and slightly sad that it’s over,” he said. 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2pbPQRJ TOP VIDEOS Special Olympics day at UD Mercy 1:00 Giant Rubik's Cube unveiled at University of Michigan 0:51 Repairs to Fraser sinkhole underway 2:17 Imam shares vision of new Islamic Institute of America 2:00 Everyday Heroes Award presented to DPD 2:53 Attorney for families of Jewish camp counselor victims reacts to sentencing 0:51 Police chase involving stolen SUV 0:17 Crowd cheers, films fight between women 0:39 Detroit Jews for Justice Rabbi Alana Alpert and Jake Ehlrich sing "Dayenu" 2:08 Attorney Nabih Ayad talks about the civil lawsuit 2:24
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aviation Test Equipment Global Market Other Key Strategies By Type & Geography Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Aviation Test Equipment Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancemen   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 13, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Aviation Test Equipment Market is estimated at $5.32 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $7.12 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 4.2% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing safety concerns, technological advancements, stringent government regulations, novel based R&D activities of aviation test equipment's, rise in usage of software based solutions are some key factors fostering the market growth. However, life span of avionics module and maintenance of legacy platforms are some factors restraining the market growth. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/aviation-test-equipment-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Amongst applications, commercial aviation test equipment segment commanded the highest share in the global market. The increasing number of orders and deliveries of commercial aircraft will fuel the growth of this market segment. Asia Pacific holds the largest market share. There are considerable growth opportunities for this market in Asia Pacific especially China as there has been expansion of aviation sector including both civil and defense aerospace in recent years in this region. Some of the key players in this market are General Electric Co, Rockwell Collins, Teradyne Inc, Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, Moog, Inc, Boeing, 3M Company, Airbus, Avionics Inc, Honeywell International Inc., Spherea Test & Services, Avtron Aerospace, Inc., DAC International, Inc., Tesscorn Systems India Pvt. Ltd, Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, Testek, Inc., DMA-Aero, International Aero Engineering LLC and Teradyne, Inc. Applications Covered: -Commercial Sector -Military / Defense Type of Products Covered: -Power Aviation Test Equipment -Pneumatic Aviation Test Equipment -Electrical Aviation Test Equipment -Hydraulic Aviation Test Equipment Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001716530/sample Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Company Profiling 9.1 General Electric Co 9.2 Rockwell Collins 9.3 Teradyne Inc 9.4 Rolls Royce Holdings Plc 9.5 Moog, Inc 9.6 Boeing 9.7 3M Company 9.8 Airbus 9.9 Avionics Inc 9.10 Honeywell International Inc. 9.11 Spherea Test & Services 9.12 Avtron Aerospace, Inc. 9.13 DAC International, Inc. 9.14 Tesscorn Systems India Pvt. Ltd 9.15 Rolls Royce Holdings Plc 9.16 Testek, Inc. 9.17 DMA-Aero, International Aero Engineering LLC 9.18 Teradyne, Inc., Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001716530/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Highlights: The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Thu Apr 13, 2017 | 9:32pm EDT Highlights: The Trump presidency on April 13 at 9:30 P.M. EDT/0130 GMT on Friday FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks at the National Republican Congressional Committee March Dinner in Washington, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo Highlights for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday: AFGHANISTAN The United States drops a massive GBU-43 bomb, the largest non-nuclear bomb it has ever used in combat, in Afghanistan against a series of caves used by Islamic State militants, the Pentagon says. NORTH KOREA Trump says Pyongyang is a problem that "will be taken care of" amid speculation that North Korea is on the verge of a sixth nuclear test. Military force cannot resolve tension over North Korea, China warns, while an influential Chinese newspaper urges Pyongyang to halt its nuclear program in exchange for Beijing's protection. The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials say. RUSSIA Trump says "things will work out fine" between the United States and Russia, a day after declaring U.S.-Russian relations may be at an all-time low. FEDERAL RESERVE Trump signals he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he has not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve chair as he considers his choices for the U.S. central bank. [nL1N1HL14B] ABORTION Trump signs a resolution that will allow U.S. states to restrict how federal funds for contraception and reproductive health are spent, a move cheered by anti-abortion campaigners. DEUTSCHE BANK Democratic Senator Chris Van Hollen presses Deutsche Bank to release information about issues including Trump's debt and any bank meetings with Trump administration officials, saying he has "great concern" about possible conflicts of interest. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK Trump's office says he plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, a victory for American manufacturers such as Boeing Co and General Electric Co that have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products. FINANCIAL REGULATION Top Wall Street bankers say they are having positive discussions about financial regulation in Washington, and downplay the idea U.S. policymakers may force their institutions to split up. TRADE WITH JAPAN The United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan, a source says, an unwelcome development for Tokyo, which is seeking to fend off U.S. pressure to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance. IMMIGRATION Trump's administration has focused on one group of illegal immigrants more than others: women with children, according to eight Department of Homeland Security officials interviewed by Reuters about agency planning. (Compiled by Jonathan Oatis and Bill Trott; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and sandra Maler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Politics Trump says North Korea problem 'will be taken care of' WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Pyongyang is a problem that "will be taken care of," as speculation rose that North Korea might be on the verge of a sixth nuclear test. At home, rebel Republican lawmakers pay no price for defying Trump PALATKA, Fla. At a town hall in his conservative Florida district this week, U.S. Representative Ted Yoho drew applause for defying his own Republican Party leaders to help derail a healthcare plan that was President Donald Trump's first major legislative initiative. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 54°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 54°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: April 13, 2017 2:37 pm Follow @ATownPolitics WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Tags: ap Top Videos THURSDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute MONDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Trump defends attack on Syria — Colorado lawmakers back retaliation; VIDEO CLIPS View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Southwest Airlines Cargo Adds To Trophy Case Carrier honored with one of the top awards for Air Cargo Excellence DALLAS, April 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) Cargo earned one of the highest awards in the air cargo industry. Air Cargo World recently announced that Southwest Cargo® was awarded this year's Air Cargo Excellence Platinum Award in the "up to 999,999 tonnes" category. "I'm so grateful our valued Customers continue to recognize our Cargo, Ramp, and Operations folks, who are dedicated to delivering the highest level of Hospitality in the industry," said Matt Buckley, Southwest's Vice President of Cargo and Charters. "Our Customers know they can trust and rely on our Team to ensure their shipments are handled with care and delivered with the Customer Service they expect and deserve." The Air Cargo Excellence Awards are presented to carriers for their performance, customer service, value, and use of technology. This is the 13th consecutive year Southwest Airlines Cargo has been honored in the annual Air Cargo Excellence Survey. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CARGO Southwest Airlines' Relentlessly Reliable Employees offer Cargo Customers award-winning, expedited air cargo service to destinations across the map, including complimentary Road Feeder Service and interline destinations. With our extensive domestic network and over 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season, we have the flights you need to meet your shipping requirements. Learn more about how Southwest Cargo can help you with your shipping needs by visiting swacargo.com. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Service to both Grand Cayman and Cincinnati begins June 4, 2017. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what's important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 44 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Awards, Passenger Aviation, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pressure Cooker Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Printed Circuit Board Market: Strategies, Comparison, Challenges and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market 2017-2027 - Research and Markets By Published: Apr 13, 2017 3:33 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Apr 13, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "The Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market 2017-2027" report to their offering. Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems (MMDS) market, valued at US$33.1 billion in 2017, is projected grow at a CAGR of 2.18%, to value US$41.0 billion by 2027. The cumulative market for global expenditure on Missiles and Missile Defense Systems is valued at US$384.4 billion over the forecast period. Demand for missiles is anticipated to be driven by the ever increasing threat of radical institutions (both state and non-state) with access to weapons of mass destruction which is exemplified by the conduct of rogue states like North Korea and Iran. The Asia Pacific region is the largest spender in the domain with China, India, and South Korea anticipated accounting for the bulk of spending. In terms of categories, missile defense systems (MDS) is expected to account for the highest proportion of spending, followed by markets for surface-to-air (SAM), surface-to-surface (SS), air-to-surface (AS), air-to-air (AA), anti-tank (AT) and anti-ship (AS) missiles. The market for missile defense systems is anticipated to be the largest category primarily due to the ongoing procurement of missile and air defense systems by countries of the Asia Pacific, North America and European regions. The Asia Pacific is expected to account for the largest share of the total global expenditure on missiles and missile defense systems, with a 53.1% share in the forecast period. High demand in the region is primarily driven by the expenditure on the sector by China, India, and South Korea. India and China are followed in terms of investment by South Korea which has been majorly spending on air and missile defense systems in light of North Korea's aggressive stance on developing nuclear weapons. North America accounts for the second largest market share in the global missile & missile defense systems domain and is expected to be the lead technology propagator in the market, with expenditure projected to increase from US$8.4 billion in 2017 to US$8.8 billion in 2027. During 2017-2027, the region is expected to cumulatively spend US$84.0 billion on the missile & missile defense systems sector. Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market - Overview 3. Market Dynamics 4. Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market - Segment Analysis 5. Regional Review 6. Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market - Regional Analysis 7. Trend Analysis - Key Defense Markets 8. Key Programs Analysis 9. Competitive Landscape Analysis - Aerojet Rocketdyne - BAE Systems - Boeing, Kongsberg Defense Systems - Denel Dynamics - Lockheed Martin - MBDA - Mectron - Missile Design Bureau - Northrop Grumman - Orbital ATK - Rafael Advanced Defense Systems - Raytheon - Rheinmetall Defense - Saab - Safran - Tactical Missiles Corporation - Thales For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/r97hzr/the_global View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170413006114/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Missiles and Missiles Technology Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 3 min 27 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs US ’mother of all bombs’ killed 36 Daesh militants in Afghanistan US boy, 8, on joy ride for a cheeseburger US boy, 8, on joy ride for a cheeseburger Residents, fighters begin evacuations from four besieged Syria towns Afghan women embrace divorce as new form of empowerment Daesh ouster clears way for football comeback in Iraq’s Mosul N. Korean official blames Trump for region’s ‘vicious cycle’ ZAGH: Jewelry design that speaks to your soul Book Review: No one is sniggering at Theresa May now Analysis: Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals may reflect experience You are here Home Business & Economy European firm signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Business & Economy European firm signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran /node/1083996/business-economy European firm signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran AP | Published — Friday 14 April 2017 An Iranian Mahan Air passenger plane takes off at Mehrabad airport in Tehran on in this Feb. 7, 2016 file photo. European airplane manufacturer ATR said it signed a deal with Iran Air for 20 aircraft with option for 20 more on Thursday. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File) TEHRAN: European airplane manufacturer ATR said on Thursday it sealed a $536-million sale with Iran Air for at least 20 aircraft, the latest aviation firm to strike a deal following Iran’s nuclear accord with world powers. ATR spokesman David Vargas confirmed the finalized deal for the 20 ATR 72-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft, and said Iran Air had an option to purchase another 20. “They will definitely help Iran Air to modernize and develop regional connectivity across the country,” Vargas said. Home to 80 million people, Iran represents one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for deals worth billions of dollars. Vargas declined to offer a value for the deal with Iran Air. The confirmed portion of the deal is worth $536 million at list prices, though buyers typically negotiate discounts on bulk orders. Iranian state TV described the deal as being worth about $400 million. The deal also already has the approval of the US Treasury, Vargas said. The Treasury must sign off on aircraft deals when at least 10 percent of the airplanes’ components are of American origin. The Treasury could not be immediately reached for comment. Farhad Parvaresh, CEO of Iran Air, told the IRNA news agency that the French-Italian company will deliver nine ATR 72-600s in 2017 and the rest in 2018. He said four of the aircraft will arrive within a month after signing the contract. In February 2016, ATR signed an initial agreement to explore selling the aircraft to Iran Air. ATR is the Toulouse, France-based partnership of Airbus and Italy’s Leonardo, which specializes in regional turboprop aircraft of 90 seats or less. The ATR deal comes on the back of the nuclear agreement Iran struck with world powers, which saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions. That deal allowed airplane manufacturers to rush into the Iranian market. Boeing has already made a $16.6 billion sale already to Iran Air, while its European rival Airbus signed one estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). The Treasury has signed off on both those deals. Chicago-based Boeing also signed a $3 billion deal earlier this month to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran’s Aseman Airlines, a firm owned by Iran’s civil service pension foundation. The Boeing sales represent the first major deals for an American company in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and US Embassy takeover. US politicians have expressed concern about the airplane sales to Iran. President Donald Trump remains skeptical of the atomic accord overall and has threatened to renegotiate it, without offering specifics. TEHRAN: European airplane manufacturer ATR said on Thursday it sealed a $536-million sale with Iran Air for at least 20 aircraft, the latest aviation firm to strike a deal following Iran’s nuclear accord with world powers. ATR spokesman David Vargas confirmed the finalized deal for the 20 ATR 72-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft, and said Iran Air had an option to purchase another 20. “They will definitely help Iran Air to modernize and develop regional connectivity across the country,” Vargas said. Home to 80 million people, Iran represents one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for deals worth billions of dollars. Vargas declined to offer a value for the deal with Iran Air. The confirmed portion of the deal is worth $536 million at list prices, though buyers typically negotiate discounts on bulk orders. Iranian state TV described the deal as being worth about $400 million. The deal also already has the approval of the US Treasury, Vargas said. The Treasury must sign off on aircraft deals when at least 10 percent of the airplanes’ components are of American origin. The Treasury could not be immediately reached for comment. Farhad Parvaresh, CEO of Iran Air, told the IRNA news agency that the French-Italian company will deliver nine ATR 72-600s in 2017 and the rest in 2018. He said four of the aircraft will arrive within a month after signing the contract. In February 2016, ATR signed an initial agreement to explore selling the aircraft to Iran Air. ATR is the Toulouse, France-based partnership of Airbus and Italy’s Leonardo, which specializes in regional turboprop aircraft of 90 seats or less. The ATR deal comes on the back of the nuclear agreement Iran struck with world powers, which saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions. That deal allowed airplane manufacturers to rush into the Iranian market. Boeing has already made a $16.6 billion sale already to Iran Air, while its European rival Airbus signed one estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). The Treasury has signed off on both those deals. Chicago-based Boeing also signed a $3 billion deal earlier this month to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran’s Aseman Airlines, a firm owned by Iran’s civil service pension foundation. The Boeing sales represent the first major deals for an American company in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and US Embassy takeover. US politicians have expressed concern about the airplane sales to Iran. President Donald Trump remains skeptical of the atomic accord overall and has threatened to renegotiate it, without offering specifics. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Analysis: Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all WASHINGTON: At first glance, US President Donald Trump and Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen... US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda NEW YORK: Strong trading results, rather than lending, was the driving force behind solid earnings... Analysis: Why Trump the trade critic now offers an outstretched hand New Boeing 737 makes first flight World oil market ‘close to balance’ despite OPEC cuts, says IEA China’s economic outlook brightens as trade beats forecasts Load more Analysis: Trump and Yellen may not be an odd couple after all US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda Analysis: Why Trump the trade critic now offers an outstretched hand ITFC holds first African-Asian Cotton B2B Meeting Malabar Gold & Diamonds opens two outlets in Oman Hyundai to launch new Azera in Middle East Latest News US ’mother of all bombs’ killed 36 Daesh militants in Afghanistan 138 views US boy, 8, on joy ride for a cheeseburger 12 views Residents, fighters begin evacuations from four besieged Syria towns 38 views Queen Rania, Dubai ruler among top 10 followed world leaders on Instagram 206 views Afghan women embrace divorce as new form of empowerment 55 views Daesh ouster clears way for football comeback in Iraq’s Mosul 116 views Opinion — Amir Taheri — Trump’s missile message to Assad: What next? — Dr. Majid Rafizadeh — How to end Iran’s occupation of Syria? — Zafar Adeel — Water security remains elusive — Nouriel Roubini — A fiscal reality test for US Republicans — Michael Mandelbaum — Will nuclear history repeat itself in Korea? — Frank Kane — Seven things I learned from my first visit to KSA More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Saudi Arabia’s first Japanese orchestra concert wows Riyadh audience 1023 views Top US team heads to Kabul for war strategy 427 views Mazayen Al-Ibl: A festival of history, culture and camel beauty 398 views Kim murder suspects appear in Malaysian court 367 views New Boeing 737 makes first flight 337 views Iran’s biggest ever cruise ship docks in Gulf 333 views Most Read Shared School closures announced as sandstorms expected to continue till Thursday 36117 views King Salman holds talks with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte 33103 views Riyadh-Manila ties cemented by 3 accords 31880 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 21267 views Philippine president arrives in Riyadh 17410 views Trump briefs Saudi Arabia’s King Salman on US strikes in Syria 11181 views Most Read Shared School closures announced as sandstorms expected to continue till Thursday 36117 views King Salman holds talks with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte 33103 views Riyadh-Manila ties cemented by 3 accords 31880 views Iran continues to sponsor terror: US defense chief 25784 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 21267 views Economy, project suspensions ‘hit Saudi expat remittances’ 20929 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Business The Associated Press · Washington · Apr 13, 2017 President Trump attends a meeting on healthcare in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Monday, March 13, 2017, in Washington, D.C. Michael Reynolds, Pool | Getty Images President Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. Labeling China a currency manipulator During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. Ex-Im Bank Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." Russian President Vladimir Putin With tensions rising over Syria and other issues, President Trump says that U.S. relations with Russia "may be at an all-time low." Alexander Zemlianichenko | AP 2014 As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. U.S. military prowess The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Stay Informed Subscribe to our politics newsletter. Email Address* Zip Code See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Edmundson's OT winner sends Allen, Blues past Wild 2-1 5 hours ago Next Uproar over United video imperils airport police 5 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Northwest Military Archives    Search Newsletter Advertise with Us Home News Military Life Vets Restaurants Music & Culture Travel Guides PROMO Music Arts Stage Movies Back to South Sound Cinema An epic anniversary The Grand Cinema turns 20 By Christian Carvajal on April 13, 2017 Photo courtesy Grand Cinema Write to Editor Leave A Comment Read Comments Tweet A trip to the movies can seem like a fairly impersonal experience in 2017. We book our tickets on Fandango, carefully boxing out other pretenders to our favorite throne, the center seat right behind the aisle so our upcharged, 3-D glasses (recycled for "the environment" - riiiiight) give us the mildest headache possible. We munch candy we'd never buy anywhere else, or popcorn churned out of an apparatus manned by apathetic, entry-level workers. Then it's one coming-attraction trailer after another, each less intellectually demanding than the last, followed by a glossy ad for concessions you've already purchased. The IMAX trailer reminds us we're watching the industry's state-of-the-art in subjugation by deafening. Finally, apparent hours later, the movie begins, and it's everything we hoped it would be:  Australian actors intoning the British-accented words of American superheroes before a greenscreen. It ends with a list of hundreds of Indonesians who sat at renderPRO workstations for months, missing their children's first steps while devotedly sculpting digital monsters, environments and star cruisers in Maya. And we love it. Let's not kid ourselves:  That all-digital movie experience is doing blockbuster business (unlike, say, Blockbuster). Hollywood enjoyed a record year in 2016, cajoling $11.4 billion in ticket sales from our wallets. Yet industry insiders are worried, noting the year with the highest number of tickets sold globally, irrespective of cost, was 2002. The difference between those records lies in higher ticket prices overall, with profits increasing from large-screen, haptic and 3D upcharge sales. We're going to the movies less often, but we're spending more. Could it be the missing human element really does make a difference? Are more of us waiting a few months till we can catch a movie on Blu-ray in a less stressful environment than the AMC Googolplex 27? That's not the kind of sensory overload you'll encounter at Tacoma's Grand Cinema. There you'll find four comfortable houses with screens that fill roughly the same arc of vision as the IMAX we goggle at from 40 rows away. All four auditoria now boast 5.1-channel, surround-stereo environments. The lobby's decorated with photos of devoted guests wearing their Grand T-shirts on vacations all over the world. People are calm here, respectful and cheerful. If you dug the indie coming-of-age story you just watched, they can recommend the Truffaut revival or Shinkai anime playing down the hall. One of those aficionados is house manager Dan Long, the avuncular fellow who probably sold you a ticket on your last visit. He's seen a lot in his 10-plus years working at the Grand. We heard he'd been there longer than anyone. "It's kind of a tossup," he acknowledged, "between me and Lisa, the projectionist." The day we visited, he and Lisa were the only non-volunteer staff working, and that's important. It means the people tearing your ticket or scooping your popcorn are there because they love movies and the nonprofit Grand Cinema. "The neat thing about the Grand," he said, "is there's all kinds of exciting days. We do special event things. Last week we had a lobby full of Beatle nuts. It was like old-hippie day, and that's just a weekday. At Christmas season, we were showing five of the nine films nominated for Picture of the Year. We had all five nominated actresses. Christmas through February is big ... I think we've had a couple of marriage proposals. We had one where a couple got married on the East Coast; they had family there and family here. They filmed a video of the wedding there, and then came here and used our lower auditorium 'cause we can project video. We projected their wedding and they invited friends and family here. They had a wedding cake and a reception line for when people came out of the ‘wedding.'" Long got interested in movies in his late teens, back when Tacoma had no venue for foreign or independent cinema. If he wanted to see a Bergman or Kurosawa film, he had to drive to Seattle. He went to work for Seven Gables and Landmark, chains of independent arthouses. "I've always been in the art-film end of the business," he said, "but I'm a movie lover. I can watch Star Wars (or) some esoteric documentary about building a dam in Botswana." "There's still something about going to a movie versus watching it on your TV," Long mused. He noted the Grand tends to book exclusive engagements of prestigious art films before major chains. "A multiplex by and large is the domain of the teenager," he said. "Our audience is informed. We show smart movies for smart people ... You can still discover (cinema) and have wonderful little surprises here." Surprising art makes life better, so help the Grand celebrate its milestone 20th anniversary in style this week. "If you wear your Grand T-shirt," Long said, "you get in free. We're doing extended memberships where you get an extra two months." Each movie-ticket stub represents a chance at special prizes. The 5:30 p.m. reception on the 18th offers free cake pops from Bon Appetina's, plus a photo booth and no-host bar. Long says the heart of the Grand is its volunteers, who work for free movie tickets and the satisfaction of a fun job well-done. He reminisces about an elderly volunteer, now deceased: "He graduated in, like, 1938. And I said, ‘Oh, you must've been in World War II.' And this was a guy who was very quiet. He was just kinda ‘aw, shucks.' I said, ‘Can I ask you what you did?' 'Cause I'm a World War II nut. And he goes, ‘I was a B-17 pilot.' The Flying Fortress, built at Boeing up here - he flew 30 missions over Germany before they had fighter escorts like the Tuskegee Airmen accompanying them. Before D-Day, they were losing roughly 30-percent casualties. They wore those big leather-and-lambskin suits, 'cause they fly at 30,000 feet with open windows. It'd be subzero. Then (the engineers) retrofitted the bombers with electric suits. They were lightweight, with a cable you actually plugged in. Then you had a control you could turn up, and if you had to go to another (part of the plane) you'd quickly unplug it and run over. He said they were flying over heavy flak, and the plane gets hit:  Bang! The plane skidded sideways. He's going around - he's the pilot - checking in. ‘Everybody okay?' ‘Nobody's hurt, the plane's okay, we're fine.' They're going back, and everybody's getting cold. Pretty soon everybody's maxed out and like, ‘God, it's freezing in here!' The only thing that'd been hit was the control for their electric suits. So now they're flying at 30,000 feet in subzero temperatures with this thin jacket on! When they made it back, the first thing they did was stuff all those old suits in, in case that ever happened again." Now there's a story that might make a pretty great movie. The Grand Cinema's 20th Anniversary, 1-7 p.m., Tuesday, April 18, 606 S. Fawcett Ave., Tacoma, free with T-shirt, 253.593.4474 Read next close Travel San Diego getaway Marguerite Cleveland on April 13th, 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Discover More Articles Recently Published By Same Author Film Awards Party By Rev. Adam McKinney on February 23rd, 2017 Fearless Forecast By Richard Roeper on January 5th, 2017 33rd annual Olympia Film Festival By Alec Clayton on November 3rd, 2016 Tacoma Film Festival By Rev. Adam McKinney on October 6th, 2016 Hidden gems: Blue Mouse Theatre By Jackson Hogan on August 25th, 2016 Post-Wobegon days By Christian Carvajal on April 6th, 2017 Viva Mexico! By Christian Carvajal on April 6th, 2017 Fast fingers By Christian Carvajal on March 23rd, 2017 Chow down, Olympia By Christian Carvajal on March 23rd, 2017 Rage on, Lewis Black By Christian Carvajal on March 16th, 2017 Archives Search Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Follow Weekly Volcano: Twitter Facebook Northwest Military News News Front Military Life Military Life Benefits Jobs & Education Spouse magazine Vets News Restaurants Served blog Features Reviews Bars & Clubs Music & Culture Music Arts Stage Movies Showtimes Show And Tell South Sound Cinema Travel Outdoors Travel Attractions Guides PROMO Featured Events Online Contests South Sound Happy Hours App Content © Copyright 2017 - Northwest Military. All Rights Reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday in Washington. Evan Vucci — The Associated Press By Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas, The Associated Press Posted: 04/13/17, 5:27 AM EDT | Updated: 18 hrs ago # Comments President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday in Washington. Andrew Harnik — The Associated Press WASHINGTON >> President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: Advertisement NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ‘60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Airforce Technology News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Log in or Register Aircraft Aircraft Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Helicopters Helicopters Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Unmanned Systems Unmanned Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Projects PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System PD-1 Unmanned Aerial System Projects UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UVH-29E Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Projects GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft GlobalEye Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Aircraft Weapons and Systems Weapons and Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Analysis XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward XS-1 Phase B: DARPA’s new space plane looks skyward Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks MRO and Logistics MRO and Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks October's top stories: BAE to upgrade Typhoons, Nato increases ISIS attacks Analysis Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Spoofing and jamming: tackling threats to GPS-guided systems Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots The US Air Force's struggle to retain fighter pilots Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Projects Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Rustom-II MALE Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Projects H135 Military Training Helicopter H135 Military Training Helicopter Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis A lesson in air readiness with NATO A lesson in air readiness with NATO Analysis The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft The unmanned wingman: high-speed drones to support fighter aircraft Analysis Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Air-to-Air Refuelling: why tomorrow’s tankers will need to pack their own punch Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers Stäubli Electrical Connectors - Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Technological Solutions and Contact Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers Rubb Buildings - Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Hangars and Sunshades for Military Aircraft and Helicopters Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications High-Reliability Power Conversion Products for Military and Avionics Applications Suppliers SCOTTY Group - Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Beyond Line-of-Sight Connectivity for Comms and Real-Time Surveillance Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Apr 13 2017 Deals this week: ELTA Systems, Cyber Defense Information Assurance, Leonardo Israel Aerospace Industries unit ELTA Systems Ltd has secured a contract worth $200m with an undisclosed customer to manufacture targeting and surveillance pods. The targeting and surveillance systems to be delivered under the contract will be integrated onto the country’s military aircraft. Cyber Defense Information Assurance has received a contract modification to provide enterprise-level network management at the Air Force Information Network gateways up to July 2018. The contractor will also provide defensive measures and optimised communications for the Air Force Information Network as part of the $14.79m-worth modification contract awarded by the US Tinker Air Force Base. The Pakistan Ministry of Defence has placed an order with Leonardo SpA for an undisclosed number of AgustaWestland AW139 intermediate twin-engine helicopters. Scheduled to be delivered at the beginning of 2018, the AW139 helicopters will be deployed for missions such as search-and-rescue, utility and emergency medical service. "The contractor will also provide defensive measures and optimised communications for the Air Force Information Network, as part of the $14.79m-worth modification contract awarded by the US Tinker Air Force Base." The US Air Force Life Cycle Management Center has awarded a contract modification worth $18.72m to The Boeing Company for the sustainment of multi-role radar systems for the Royal Saudi Air Force and US Air Force Air National Guard. The contractual work covers sustainment of Talon HATE, AN/APG-63(V)1, AN/APG-63(V)2, and AN/APG-63(V)3 radars. The Department of National Defence of Canada has awarded a contract to KF Aerospace for Bell 206 Level 7 Flight Training Device (FTD). The training simulator to be supplied under the deal will be installed at the Contracted Flying Training and Support (CFTS) Training Centre in Southport, Manitoba, Canada. The FTD is scheduled to be commissioned in April 2018. Share Related Articles » Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest air force industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Opinion Friday, April 14, 2017    Last update: 2:19 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland CONTRIBUTORS Trump’s budget guts our programs of ‘social uplift’ in the name of ‘defense’ Print Email Share Tweet George Danby By Ilze Petersons, Special to the BDN Posted April 13, 2017, at 11:10 a.m. As tax day approaches, many will be calling on President Donald Trump to release his tax returns. Those of us who pay taxes might also want to ask how we want our tax dollars allocated. Do we want to slash programs serving our communities in order to give the biggest tax breaks to the wealthiest, and pump up the military, which already receives more than 50 percent of the discretionary federal budget? This is Trump’s budget recipe to “make America great again.” Since members of Congress will be debating the budget in the months to come, they need to hear from those of us who believe this budget promotes greater inequality and makes us less secure by rewarding the top 1 percent and promoting militarism while eliminating programs our communities need. In this shock and awe budget, 45,000 Mainers could lose their heating and weatherization assistance. Communities contaminated by industries would no longer have funding to clean up toxic sites. College would become even less affordable with cuts to work-study and financial assistance. Block grants that provide funding for infrastructure, economic development and programs to help the homeless also would shrink. Federal support for legal services for low-income people would be eliminated. The small fraction of the budget going to promote the arts and humanities would be slashed. Who would benefit most from these skewed priorities? The U.S. military, which is already larger than that of the next seven countries combined, will get a 10 percent — $54 billion — increase despite lack of accountability, waste and making weapons that do nothing to protect us from terrorist threats by extremist small groups or deranged lone individuals. In fact, “defense” contractors often sell arms that promote conflicts around the globe and thus create greater insecurity. Or their profits may come from building nuclear weapons that should never be used. After 16 years of endless war, do we feel more secure? “Defense” contractors will continue to reap huge profits as their CEOs average $21.5 million in annual compensation. Phebe Novakovic, CEO of General Dynamics, which owns Bath Iron Works, was paid $20.4 million in 2015. James McNerny received $29 million before leaving as the head of Boeing. Raytheon CEO Thomas Kennedy received $20.4 million in 2015. Lockheed Martin’s CEO, Marilyn Hewson, got more than $30 million in 2015. Former President Dwight Eisenhower warned of the dangers of the growing military-industrial complex in his farewell speech in 1961. “In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist,” the president — and former general — said. Today, our elected representatives are reluctant to oppose such “unwarranted influence.” They may fear being accused of being unpatriotic or hostile to enlisted soldiers if they oppose increased military spending. Many fear the loss of jobs these military contractors provide. But perhaps it is time to fund alternatives to promote real security in our communities rather than ones that feed endless war and line the pockets of the wealthiest. Let’s spend our tax dollars on programs that create more jobs and provide for the needs of our communities. Many supported Trump because he promised jobs, jobs, jobs. But a study by researchers at the University of Massachusetts found more good-paying jobs are created by spending on health care, education and renewable energy. The National Priorities Project estimates the $54 billion increase in military spending could provide Medicaid for 15 million adults, grant 1.6 million students a free four-year college education, create 1 million infrastructure jobs, or fund the Meals on Wheels program for 7,180 years. Six years after Eisenhower’s farewell address, Martin Luther King Jr. called for “a true revolution of values” when he said, “A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.” Let’s not fight each other just to preserve a particular program. Together we can challenge this budget proposal that benefits only the few and hurts the many. Let’s call for alternatives that contribute to real security for us all. Ilze Petersons is a volunteer with the education committee of the Peace & Justice Center of Eastern Maine. She lives in Orono. A coalition, including the Peace & Justice Center, will hold a Trump tax protest at the Margaret Chase Smith Federal Building on Harlow Street in Bangor from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday. SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Dog pardoned by LePage gets 11th hour reprieve from kill order Auction of historic lobster wharf could change life on this Maine island Maine man released on bail after spending 25 years in prison for murder Harpswell teen missing since Monday found safe Police arrest Maine man for 7th OUI offense after he allegedly hit pedestrian Instead of trying to pardon a dog, LePage could actually help a human being WikiLeaks publishes to expose the secret abuses of the powerful What Mother Teresa helped me realize about rural Maine Friday, April 14, 2017: Trump’s unpresidential fight with the media, a cynical election strategy, implement ranked-choice voting Don’t fight Trump with conspiracy theories. What’s there is damning enough. Veteran Old Town baseball team eyes championship repeat Husson basketball star granted waiver to play a fifth season George Stevens Academy running standout signs with UMaine Fort Kent driver to help Auburn racer at Saturday PASS event UMaine-Fort Kent athletics returning to NAIA STATE & CAPITOL LePage: I don’t know Susan Collins well enough to endorse her for governor #MAINE You’d have to sell a lot of hot dogs to break even on this $1.3M coastal snack shack GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS More Sunday hunting bills shot down at the legislature CULTURE SHOCK Tegan & Sara, Pat Benatar, Spoon, Foster the People and more coming to Portland Rising river overwhelms Fort Fairfield road My neighbor is cheating on his wife, should I tell her? PBS documentary to explore Maine State Prison’s recent efforts at reform Maine rivers don’t just flood, they inspire art ‘General Hospital’ actor Peter Hansen dies at 95 This senior book group grapples with race relations, the horror of war Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Mainely Thoughts Losing manufacturing has been about more than losing jobs Losing manufacturing has been about more than losing jobs Take a Breath Take a Breath Fear of "factions" and "the mob" helped create our Constitution in the 1780s. Pine Tree Politics There are no good solutions to the Syrian civil war There are no good solutions to the Syrian civil war David Farmer David Farmer State budget fight pits people against ideology Perspectives “My Name is Emmett Till” “My Name is Emmett Till” The Glocal A Local Strategy for the Global Migration Crisis A Local Strategy for the Global Migration Crisis Top Stories Maine man released on bail after spending 25 years in prison for murder Auction of historic lobster wharf could change life on this Maine island Naples man detained by ICE, faces deportation to Guatemala Scorpion bites man on United flight Instead of trying to pardon a dog, LePage could actually help a human being Similar Articles 6.11.2013 Maine election results: Old Orchard recalls 6 councilors, Rockland-area, Auburn reject school budgets 11.21.2016 Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire 9.20.2016 Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 3.16.2017 What Trump cut in his budget More in Opinion   Losing manufacturing has been about more than losing jobs   Pardon me?   Kicking and screaming   Instead of trying to pardon a dog, LePage could actually help a human being   Trump’s budget guts our programs of ‘social uplift’ in the name of ‘defense’ Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
null
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register April 14th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Poll Was United Airlines wrong to physically remove a passenger to make room for airline employees on a sold-out flight? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jill Colvin And Ken Thomas, The Associated Press on April 13, 2017. President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises – on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defence. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defence spending to 2 per cent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 per cent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfil. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. ___ Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
RestaurantNewsRelease.com Restaurant News and Press Release Distribution Home About Contact Privacy Policy Submit Release Revolutionizing Restaurant Referrals Thursday, April 13th, 2017   Refer, redeem and cash out earnings with the new RiferMe referral app. (Restaurant News Release)  Word of mouth is the most powerful form of marketing. This is especially true during the midst of the information age, where customers can connect with one another online and spread their thoughts farther than ever before. In order to help encourage customers to refer local restaurants, a new phone application called RiferMe was launched earlier this year. RiferMe was designed to effectively drive customers to restaurants by leveraging and monetizing word of mouth advertising. During the last few months, RiferMe has made an unprecedented name for itself in the industry as an app that was designed by a minority and represents women in technology. Regular customers can use RiferMe to earn cash rewards when they refer a restaurant to family and friends. People who receive restaurant referrals through the app are offered a discount voucher to use during their next visit. Restaurant owners are provided with an easy way to track their customer referrals and redemptions, giving them an inside look at their customer statistics. “We believe we can transform marketing by making businesses reward their customers and turn them into company ambassadors.” explained Pamela Chiriboga, the CEO of RiferMe. “Our app brings marketing into the sharing economy just like Uber did for transportation and Airbnb did for hospitality. The technology behind RiferMe helps everyday people earn cash for something they frequently do, refer.” In addition to being the CEO of RiferMe, Pamela Chiriboga is the Founder of PCHP Investments, the Founder of Pyramide Productions and the CEO of an export business in South America. She holds a Specialized Associates Degree in Video and Film, fluently speaks four languages. Left to Right: Pamela Chiriboga, Manfred Wittenbols and Elimar Ugueto. The team also consists of Elimar Ugueto, the Chief Branding Officer and Manfred Wittenbols, the Chief Technology Officer. Elimar holds over fifteen years of experience in Corporate Communications and Marketing and has worked with companies such as Boeing, MLB, ESPN and Microsoft. Manfred also worked at Microsoft, and was part of the largest social learning program in the world. He is the CIO and Co-Founder of an award-winning communication sharing solution. Together, the RiferMe team proudly represents a new age of minorities, Hispanics and women in technology. They hope that their app will help open doors for new businesses and allow everyday people the chance to be part of a new movement. To find out more information, visit the RiferMe website (www.RiferMe.com). The app is available for free on Android and Apple devices. About RiferMe Inc. RiferMe Inc. is a referral mobile app based in Kirkland WA and founded in Oct 2015. Available to download for free on Google and Apple store. Contact: Elimar Ugueto – CBO 425-830-7767 info@RiferMe.com www.RiferMe.com Latest Restaurant News Clay Raymer Joins Sandelman as National Sales Manager Marmalade Cafe Partners with Restaurant Revolution Technologies; Implements Online and Mobile Ordering Solution Main Event Entertainment Continues Nationwide Expansion With Newest Opening in Indianapolis Hop Over to Cicis For a Free Kids Buffet Black Bear Diner Announces Key Addition to Executive Leadership Team Juice It Up! Same Store Sales up 5 Percent in Quarter 1 Revolutionizing Restaurant Referrals Church’s Chicken Launches ‘Days Of Service’ to Honor the Brand’s Key Markets During 65th Anniversary New Nancy Drew: Codes & Clues Promotion, Begins April 20 at Ovation Brands and Furr’s Fresh Buffet Domino’s Opens 14,000th Store Worldwide Überrito Names Peter Ortiz Chief Development Officer Taco John’s To Break Ground on 1st Bristol Restaurant Jack in the Box Inc. Announces Upcoming CFO Retirement KNAPP-TRACK Ranks Twin Peaks Restaurants #1 Among Casual Dining Brands in February Fazoli’s On The Road To Expansion With TravelCenters of America Copyright © RestaurantNewsRelease.com
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 12:07 A.M. ET Updated Apple may team with Foxconn to bid on Toshiba's chip business: report 4/13 Asian markets pull back as concern over North Korea mounts 4/13 Indicted Samsung heir steps down from Exor board 4/13 Nintendo says Switch console is a hit after first month of sales 4/13 U.S. may preemptively strike North Korea: report 4/13 Updated California seeks to fine Uber $1.1 million over handling of drunken driving complaints 4/13 Updated U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan 4/13 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/13 Updated Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? 4/13 Updated 10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/13 Updated Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline 4/13 Updated How to save for retirement when politicians keep making it harder 4/13 Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS 4/13 GM to create 1,100 jobs at new San Francisco driverless-car facility 4/13 BlackRock CEO made $25.5M in 2016, down 2% 4/13 Nintendo kills hugely popular NES Classic console, leaving fans baffled 4/13 Eli Manning allegedly involved in scheme to sell phony gear 4/13 WikiLeaks is ‘hostile intelligence service,’ CIA director says 4/13 The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts 4/13 Canada announces legislation to legalize recreational marijuana Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs Deep Dive Get email alerts This dividend stock ETF can help you make money by avoiding losses By Philip van Doorn Published: Apr 13, 2017 5:17 p.m. ET Share James Norman of QS Investorss explains the attraction of a low-volatility strategy as stocks hover near record highs Bloomberg Darden Restaurants is the top holding of the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist With U.S. stocks near record highs, some investors may be thinking the eight-year bull market can continue for longer, especially under a new administration with a pro-business agenda. Investors are “under-reacting to potential risks,” says James Norman, president of QS Investors. That can lead to poor decision making because “people tend to sell at the bottom,” he said in an interview April 11. Norman favors a strategy of selecting stocks with relatively high dividends that are well-supported by profits, with relatively low price volatility. Lower price volatility can not only help ease investors’ fear during down markets, but it can also preserve capital to take advantage of subsequent market recoveries, he said. QS Investors is a subsidiary of Legg Mason Inc. LM, -0.41%  in New York and manages about $16.6 billion using various strategies for institutions, mutual funds and exchange traded funds. Legg Mason Global Asset Management James Norman, president of QS Investors In the interview, Norman focused on the Legg Mason Low-Volatility High-Dividend ETF LVHD, -0.37% which was started in December 2015 and has $128 million in assets. That’s not a long time to establish a track record, but this chart, showing total return against the benchmark S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%  since the end of 2015, is an eye-opener: FactSet You can see that, not only has the ETF outperformed the index, but it has also fared better during periods of declines. The ETF’s beta, for example, is 0.52, compared with 1 for the market index. A beta of less than 1 means that a security is theoretically less volatile than the market. The ETF has a 30-day yield of 2.88%, which is a reasonably attractive figure when considering that Norman is seeking low volatility when selecting stocks and that 10-year U.S. Treasury notes TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  are yielding about 2.3%. Here are the fund’s top 10 holdings (of 79) as of April 10: Company Ticker Industry Dividend yield Share of portfolio Darden Restaurants Inc. DRI, -0.63% Restaurants 2.71% 3.0% Philip Morris International Inc. PM, -0.63% Tobacco 3.68% 2.8% Boeing Co. BA, -0.24% Aerospace & Defense 3.20% 2.7% Eaton Corp. PLC ETN, -0.98% Electrical Products 3.17% 2.7% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Information Technology Services 3.27% 2.7% McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.38% Restaurants 2.89% 2.7% Reynolds American Inc. RAI, -0.36% Tobacco 3.21% 2.7% Altria Group Inc. MO, -1.19% Tobacco 3.40% 2.7% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.82% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 2.69% 2.6% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% Computer Communications 3.51% 2.6% Sources: Morningstar, FactSet Valuation and complacency This chart shows the ratio of price to trailing 12-month earnings for the S&P 500 over the past 10 years: FactSet Stocks are historically expensive relative to past earnings. The index is close to 20 times trailing earnings today, up from only 8.4 times when the market bottomed in March 2009, the low point in the bear market and the beginning of the bull market. “One might argue stocks were undervalued in 2009, but that they are fully or overvalued now,” Norman said. That’s especially true after Donald Trump was elected president. Since Election Day, the S&P 500 has risen 11% on optimism the new administration will lower taxes, help pass an infrastructure bill and reduce regulations on companies. Still, if there would be a 20% drop in the stock market — the definition of a bear market — how would you react? If you have a strong stomach and sleep soundly even during times of turmoil, as you continue to pour money into the market through regular contributions to an employer-sponsored retirement account, there may be nothing to worry about. But if seeing the value of your investments plunge is painful for you, a low-volatility approach is something to consider. More from MarketWatch: Passengers may hate airlines, but investors love them 15 companies with outsized sales growth and widening profit margins You need more life insurance and it is probably much cheaper than you think Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References LM -0.15 -0.41% LVHD -0.11 -0.37% SPX -15.98 -0.68% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% DRI -0.52 -0.63% PM -0.72 -0.63% BA -0.43 -0.24% ETN -0.73 -0.98% IBM -1.13 -0.66% MCD -0.50 -0.38% RAI -0.23 -0.36% MO -0.86 -1.19% PEP -0.93 -0.82% CSCO -0.20 -0.61% Show all references Most Popular U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Here’s what the oldest market-timing system in stocks is saying now Which financial markets are closed on Good Friday? Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $36.78 -0.15 (-0.41%) Volume 624.1K Open $36.72 High $37.19 Low $36.54 P/E Ratio 36.42 Div Yield 2.39 Market Cap 3.6B Legg Mason Low Volatility High Dividend ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: LVHD $29.61 -0.11 (-0.37%) Volume 48288 Open $29.79 High $29.79 Low $29.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.44 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.23% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.24% High 2.27% Low 2.22% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Darden Restaurants Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DRI $81.97 -0.52 (-0.63%) Volume 948.1K Open $82.41 High $82.83 Low $81.87 P/E Ratio 20.91 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 10.3B Philip Morris International Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PM $113.06 -0.72 (-0.63%) Volume 3.0M Open $113.48 High $113.78 Low $112.94 P/E Ratio 25.24 Div Yield 3.68 Market Cap 176.5B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $175.62 -0.43 (-0.24%) Volume 2.0M Open $175.74 High $176.88 Low $175.56 P/E Ratio 22.96 Div Yield 3.23 Market Cap 107.1B Eaton Corp. PLC U.S.: NYSE: ETN $73.51 -0.73 (-0.98%) Volume 1.4M Open $74.09 High $74.34 Low $73.51 P/E Ratio 17.44 Div Yield 2.07 Market Cap 33.3B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $169.53 -1.13 (-0.66%) Volume 3.1M Open $169.92 High $171.36 Low $169.53 P/E Ratio 13.67 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 161.0B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $130.76 -0.50 (-0.38%) Volume 2.3M Open $131.00 High $131.14 Low $130.57 P/E Ratio 24.13 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 107.5B Reynolds American Inc. U.S.: NYSE: RAI $63.97 -0.23 (-0.36%) Volume 2.3M Open $64.12 High $64.20 Low $63.94 P/E Ratio 15.05 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 91.5B Altria Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MO $71.30 -0.86 (-1.19%) Volume 5.1M Open $71.94 High $72.09 Low $71.28 P/E Ratio 9.78 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 139.7B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $112.68 -0.93 (-0.82%) Volume 3.2M Open $113.25 High $113.38 Low $112.65 P/E Ratio 25.84 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 162.3B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $32.42 -0.20 (-0.61%) Volume 15.4M Open $32.71 High $32.85 Low $32.42 P/E Ratio 16.63 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 163.4B
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Paul Wells Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Brian Bethune Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 How Donald Trump doubled back Trump has occupied the White House for fewer than 100 days, but he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas, The Associated Press April 13, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   US President Donald Trump attends a meeting about healthcare in the Roosevelt Room at the White House in Washington, DC, on March 13, 2017. (Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images) WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises – on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defence. OPINION: Donald Trump is stuck in the 1980s He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defence spending to 2 per cent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 per cent target. Labeling China a currency manipulator During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfil. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” RELATED: How America could spark an economic war with China By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. U.S. Export-import bank Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” Face masks depicting Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President-elect Donald Trump hang for sale at a souvenir street shop in St.Petersburg, Russia, Friday, Dec. 23, 2016. (Dmitri Lovetsky/AP/CP) Russian president Vladimir Putin As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. U.S. military prowess The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. RELATED: Does Trump’s missile strike in Syria set a dangerous precedent? “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” Federal reserve chair Janet Yellen During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” RELATED: Hillary finally talks: ‘As an American, I’m pretty worried’< But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Donald Trump Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous How public officials got into the weed game Next Scowly Liberals legalize the demon weed Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories U.S. says Assad forces to blame for chemical attack. Not so, says Russia Donald Trump does the security shuffle Trump pulls Bannon from National Security Council Mulroney to brief federal cabinet on NAFTA What will Donald Trump do about Syria? Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   How Canada completely lost its mind over real estate 13 comments Justin Trudeau and the dangers of legalizing weed 10 comments Canada’s top party schools 2017 7 comments How Dollarama became the retail king of knockoffs 1 comment Scowly Liberals legalize the demon weed 9 comments Canada’s most dangerous cities 2016: How safe is your city? 7 comments It’s time to say goodbye to the Clintons 12 comments New OSAP rules mean ‘free’ tuition for mature students 2 comments Why Canada’s fetish for big U.S. brands is fading 1 comment The collapse of parenting: Why it’s time for parents to grow up 135 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Home About Subscribe Send News Advertising Restaurant Franchise Classifieds Restaurant Jobs Contact Privacy Revolutionizing Restaurant Referrals April 13, 2017 · Refer, redeem and cash out earnings with the new RiferMe referral app. (RestaurantNews.com)  Word of mouth is the most powerful form of marketing. This is especially true during the midst of the information age, where customers can connect with one another online and spread their thoughts farther than ever before. In order to help encourage customers to refer local restaurants, a new phone application called RiferMe was launched earlier this year. RiferMe was designed to effectively drive customers to restaurants by leveraging and monetizing word of mouth advertising. During the last few months, RiferMe has made an unprecedented name for itself in the industry as an app that was designed by a minority and represents women in technology. Regular customers can use RiferMe to earn cash rewards when they refer a restaurant to family and friends. People who receive restaurant referrals through the app are offered a discount voucher to use during their next visit. Restaurant owners are provided with an easy way to track their customer referrals and redemptions, giving them an inside look at their customer statistics. “We believe we can transform marketing by making businesses reward their customers and turn them into company ambassadors.” explained Pamela Chiriboga, the CEO of RiferMe. “Our app brings marketing into the sharing economy just like Uber did for transportation and Airbnb did for hospitality. The technology behind RiferMe helps everyday people earn cash for something they frequently do, refer.” In addition to being the CEO of RiferMe, Pamela Chiriboga is the Founder of PCHP Investments, the Founder of Pyramide Productions and the CEO of an export business in South America. She holds a Specialized Associates Degree in Video and Film, fluently speaks four languages. Left to Right: Pamela Chiriboga, Manfred Wittenbols and Elimar Ugueto. The team also consists of Elimar Ugueto, the Chief Branding Officer and Manfred Wittenbols, the Chief Technology Officer. Elimar holds over fifteen years of experience in Corporate Communications and Marketing and has worked with companies such as Boeing, MLB, ESPN and Microsoft. Manfred also worked at Microsoft, and was part of the largest social learning program in the world. He is the CIO and Co-Founder of an award-winning communication sharing solution. Together, the RiferMe team proudly represents a new age of minorities, Hispanics and women in technology. They hope that their app will help open doors for new businesses and allow everyday people the chance to be part of a new movement. To find out more information, visit the RiferMe website (www.RiferMe.com). The app is available for free on Android and Apple devices. About RiferMe Inc. RiferMe Inc. is a referral mobile app based in Kirkland WA and founded in Oct 2015. Available to download for free on Google and Apple store. Contact: Elimar Ugueto – CBO 425-830-7767 info@RiferMe.com www.RiferMe.com Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Clay Raymer Joins Sandelman as National Sales Manager Marmalade Cafe Partners with Restaurant Revolution Technologies; Implements Online and Mobile Ordering Solution Main Event Entertainment Continues Nationwide Expansion With Newest Opening in Indianapolis Hop Over to Cicis For a Free Kids Buffet Restaurant Franchise Opportunities Recent Posts These Restaurant Chains Are Serving up Easter Deals These Restaurants Are Offering Tax Day Deals Clay Raymer Joins Sandelman as National Sales Manager Marmalade Cafe Partners with Restaurant Revolution Technologies; Implements Online and Mobile Ordering Solution Main Event Entertainment Continues Nationwide Expansion With Newest Opening in Indianapolis Follow Us Home About Subscribe Send News Advertising Restaurant Franchise Classifieds Restaurant Jobs Contact Privacy © 2017 RestaurantNews.com. All rights reserved.
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local There’s a word that no longer describes the federal appeals court in Richmond The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit is housed at the Lewis F. Powell Jr. U.S. Courthouse in Richmond. (U.S. General Services Administration) By Ann E. Marimow By Ann E. Marimow April 13 at 7:00 AM Follow @amarimow A portfolio of Southern cases, genteel courtroom traditions and years of forceful conservative rulings shape the enduring image of the federal appeals court in Richmond. But the bench has shed its conservative label, undergoing a sea change in the past decade, and is poised to have an immediate impact on the fledgling Trump administration. Starting next month, the full court will take up the president’s entry ban for immigrants from some countries, followed by the case of a transgender teen whose battle to use a boy’s bathroom challenges the president’s new policy. Since taking office, President Trump has harshly criticized federal judges, specifically deriding the San Francisco-based appeals court — which put the first version of his travel ban on hold — as in “chaos” and “turmoil.” Yet the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit, a Richmond-based venue the administration might once have found reliably hospitable, now has a higher proportion of judges tapped by Democrats than most of the nation’s 13 circuit courts. That includes the pan-Western 9th Circuit with its long-standing reputation among conservatives as the “nutty 9th.” Roger Gregory, chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit, is interviewed in 2016 in his office in Richmond. (Steve Helber/Associated Press) A test of how far the 4th Circuit bench has tilted left will come May 8. The court announced this week that it would bypass the traditional three-judge panel and gather that day as a full complement en banc to review Trump’s entry ban. Already within the past year, judges at the historic Italianate courthouse, who descend from the bench to shake hands with the attorneys who have argued before them, have issued major opinions that would have been unimaginable two decades ago. The court said Republican lawmakers in North Carolina deliberately undercut the political power of African American voters through targeted voting restrictions. Judges sided with the Virginia transgender teen in the first round of his fight. And in a gun decision that went further than other appeals courts, the Richmond-based circuit ruled that the Second Amendment does not protect what it called “weapons of war” in a case trying to undo a Maryland ban on semiautomatic, military-style firearms. “There’s a persistent impression that’s long been out of date that this is a very conservative court,” said Steven Goldblatt, who directs the appellate litigation program at Georgetown University’s law school and regularly appears before the court. “It’s a different court with many new judges who cannot be measured by decisions reached many years ago.” [Second federal judge blocks revised Trump travel ban] The court’s caseload consists of appeals from Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia and the Carolinas. After federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked critical sections of the president’s revised travel order in March, the Justice Department appealed. The administration also asked the 4th Circuit to put the Maryland judge’s opinion on hold and allow the ban to take effect immediately ahead of oral arguments next month. The Maryland case applies only to the provision of Trump’s order that would have stopped new visas for travelers from six Muslim-majority countries: Iran, Libya, Sudan, Somalia, Syria and Yemen. The first-floor library at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit in Richmond. (U.S. General Services Administration) The court also has been asked to rule again in the case of Gavin Grimm, the transgender teen challenging his school’s requirement that students use a bathroom that corresponds to their “biological sex.” The case returned to Richmond after the Supreme Court decided in March to put off a ruling on transgender rights and referred it back to the 4th Circuit to possibly look at broader constitutional questions. When it ruled in Grimm’s favor initially, the 4th Circuit cited the Obama administration’s position on transgender student rights. The Trump administration since has revoked federal guidelines that directed schools to allow transgender students to use a bathroom consistent with their gender identity. Last week, Senior Judge Andre M. Davis and Judge Henry F. Floyd — both nominated by President Barack Obama — took the unusual step of issuing a passionate statement placing Grimm among the pantheon of human rights leaders who confronted inequities through the courts. Grimm’s case will likely be heard in September. [Supreme Court sends transgender case back to lower court] For years, attorneys pursuing liberal-leaning policies viewed the 4th Circuit as hostile territory for civil rights and for criminal defendants, and as a reliable backstop on national security policies. But that is changing. Several national legal organizations that have the flexibility to choose where to wage their legal battles are deliberately turning to the 4th Circuit. The national groups that filed the most recent challenge to Trump’s entry ban in Maryland — the National Immigration Law Center and the American Civil Liberties Union — could have gone to other venues. “The court has become a much friendlier forum in civil rights cases, and it appears that criminal defendants have found a more open ear,” said Charlotte attorney Jake Sussman, who has defended inmates on death row and successfully challenged North Carolina’s ban on same-sex marriage. The 15-judge court looks very different today than it did two decades ago. In 1993, the bench included only one woman and no minorities. Three-quarters of the judges were nominated by Republican presidents, including leading conservative voices — J. Michael Luttig and J. Harvie Wilkinson III, who in later years both were on George W. Bush’s short list for the Supreme Court. In the late 1990s, the court issued opinions upholding restrictions on abortions and striking down a law allowing rape victims to sue their attackers in federal court. The court in 1999 overturned the requirement that police read suspects their rights, known as Miranda rights, before interrogating them. The Supreme Court later reaffirmed Miranda rights. On national security matters, the court often upheld the post-9/11 policies of the Bush administration, supporting the detention of enemy combatants. In death penalty cases, the Supreme Court reversed a number of 4th Circuit rulings in the early 2000s, leading to a measure of relief for inmates on death row. Conservatives were stunned in 2006 when Luttig announced his retirement to become general counsel for Boeing. At the time Obama took office, the split on the court still favored Republican nominees, 6 to 5. But with four vacancies, the administration saw an opportunity to remake the court — as it did on other circuit courts — and diversify the bench to better reflect the demographics of the country. Rakesh Kilaru, who worked in the White House counsel’s office during Obama’s tenure, clerked for Wilkinson in 2010, the year that three new judges joined the court. “The picture I have that is signed by all of the judges looks quite different than the picture you would have seen a few years before, and I think that’s something the president is quite proud of,” Kilaru said, referring to Obama. Among the 15 active judges on the court, there are five women, of whom one is African American, one Latino judge and two African American men, including Roger Gregory, the chief judge. Gregory was initially appointed by President Bill Clinton during a congressional recess and later was nominated by Bush at the urging of Virginia’s two senators. Judge Diana Gribbon Motz, a Clinton nominee, was for years on the losing side, particularly on national security cases. Motz wrote the recent opinion striking down North Carolina’s voting restrictions that she said “target African Americans with almost surgical precision.” The court now has a handful of Obama nominees on the bench to the left of her. A total of 10 of the active judges were nominated by Democrats. That leaves the 4th Circuit — along with three other circuits — with 67 percent of judges nominated by Democrats, ranking at the top with the Boston-based 1st Circuit, the Atlanta-based 11th Circuit and the Federal Circuit in Washington, according to an analysis by Russell Wheeler, an expert on judicial nominations at the Brookings Institution. Wheeler cautioned that there is a spectrum of views and approaches even among judges nominated by the same president, but that the party of the president who chose a judge is not a bad predictor of a judge’s perspective. [Trump to inherit more than 100 court vacancies, plans to reshape the judiciary] The 4th Circuit judges and their stable of clerks assemble in Richmond about every six weeks for “court week” in the downtown courthouse that provided offices for Confederate President Jefferson Davis during the Civil War. Cases are argued before randomly assigned panels, and it is still possible to draw a panel of three judges all nominated by Republican presidents. But the odds have shifted, and, when the court agrees to a redo and reviews a case en banc, the balance tips decidedly left. In March, a full panel convened to revisit a 2-to-1 decision in favor of North Carolina county commissioners sued by the ACLU for opening their meetings with mostly Christian prayers. The court did not explain its highly unusual decision this week to skip the three-judge panel in the challenge to Trump’s revised entry ban. But the move initiated by the court suggests the judges recognize the need to move quickly on a contentious issue with national significance that appears destined to end up at the Supreme Court. Allison Orr Larsen, a William and Mary Law School professor who also clerked for Wilkinson, said the court may have lost its conservative label but not its sense of collegiality. “Even for those difficult, politically charged cases, I’m sure they will be thoughtfully deliberated by everyone regardless of the political affiliation,” she said. The court, she added, “puts a premium on collaboration.” Read more: Judges hail transgender teen Gavin Grimm as human rights leader Hateful acts may be rising but will court cases follow? A warning, a gun sale and tragic consequences local public-safety Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local public-safety Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Ann covers legal affairs in the District and Maryland for the Washington Post. Ann previously covered state government and politics in California, New Hampshire and Maryland. She joined the Post in 2005. Follow @amarimow 15 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 ‘Assassins!’: A Confederate spy was accused of helping kill Abraham Lincoln. Then he vanished. 2 Lawyer for United passenger: Dragging incident was more horrifying than when he fled Vietnam 3 Marine pleads guilty to lying in sexual misconduct case, says he ‘crossed the line’ 4 D.C. bicyclist charged in collision that killed Kiplinger editor 5 Manassas man guilty of capital murder in death of 15-month-old son The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local public-safety Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs assistant director of student services and outreach University of Maryland University College metro system eligibility/orientation specialist Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority assistant superintendent office of track and structures compliance division Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many key campaign promises Post to Facebook Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many key campaign promises  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2oqDDWb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 94 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas, Associated Press 6:43 a.m. ET April 13, 2017 President Donald Trump (Photo: Andrew Harnik / AP) 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 94 COMMENTEMAILMORE Washington — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. Labeling China a currency manipulator During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. Export-Import Bank Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” Russian President Vladimir Putin As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ‘60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. U.S. military prowess The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 94 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2oqDDWb TOP VIDEOS Special Olympics day at UD Mercy 1:00 Giant Rubik's Cube unveiled at University of Michigan 0:51 Repairs to Fraser sinkhole underway 2:17 Imam shares vision of new Islamic Institute of America 2:00 Everyday Heroes Award presented to DPD 2:53 Attorney for families of Jewish camp counselor victims reacts to sentencing 0:51 Police chase involving stolen SUV 0:17 Crowd cheers, films fight between women 0:39 Detroit Jews for Justice Rabbi Alana Alpert and Jake Ehlrich sing "Dayenu" 2:08 Attorney Nabih Ayad talks about the civil lawsuit 2:24
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it (The Washington Post) By Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas | AP By Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas | AP April 13 at 3:19 AM WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press) Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ 1 of 99 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See what President Trump has been doing since taking office View Photos The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media. Caption The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media. April 12, 2017 President Trump meets with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the Oval Office. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ‘60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. ___ Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 39 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Inside Bannon’s struggle: From ‘shadow president’ to Trump’s marked man 2 Analysis President Trump, king of flip-flops (continued) 3 Trump administration moving quickly to build up nationwide deportation force 4 Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more 5 A Southern lawmaker called Lincoln a ‘tyrant’ and compared him to Hitler The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Space Sojourn 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 03 16 PM IST Donald Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more For NATO to China, here are some of the areas where Donald Trump, who prides himself on his flexibility, has been willing to dispense with past positions Subscribe to our newsletter. AP Donald Trump has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. Photo: Reuters Washington: President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted on Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defence. He struck an entirely different tone on Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defence spending to 2% of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the US and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2% target. Labelling China a currency manipulator During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfil. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a US declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. Ex-Im Bank Trump also appears to have grown fond of the US Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps US exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” Russian president Vladimir Putin As the US relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said on Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ‘60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same programme, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. US military prowess The man who once slammed the US military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up US military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” Federal reserve chair Janet Yellen During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. AP Topics: Donald Trump Trump policy changes NATO China Russia More From Livemint READ MORE TCS, Carnegie Mellon University to set up facility for cutting edge research Mayawati appoints brother Anand Kumar as BSP vice-president No empty space First Published: Thu, Apr 13 2017. 03 16 PM IST Editor's Picks Is the end of the road near for Tata Nano? Ola valuation falls to $3 billion after raising funds from SoftBank Bypoll results: BJP wins 5 seats, Congress 3, but AAP loses the most Latest News No empty space Untouched India Reading the Dezz Ad watchdog issues endorsement guidelines for celebrities Anil Agarwal’s Volcan secures 11.4% stake in Anglo American Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 36° Clear High: 54° | Low: 35° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted Yesterday at 5:51 AM Updated April 13 increase font size In first 100 days, Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more The flip-flops come as other campaign promises lag, including his vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMASAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article President Trump, accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference at the White House Wednesday. Associated Press/Andrew Harnik) WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. MORE TRUMP COVERAGE Trump, China reach deal on currency, North Korea Bannon’s status in Trump administration appears tenuous Lobbying firm tied to 2 former Trump advisers registers as a foreign agent Nearly 1,500 economists send Trump letter supporting immigration Trump says U.S.-Russia relations may be at ‘all-time low’ “One by one we are keeping our promises – on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. CHINA, THE ‘CURRENCY MANIPULATOR’ During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. EXPORT-IMPORT BANK Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. U.S. MILITARY The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. The AP’s Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Video: Anthony Sanborn Jr. reflects on his years in prison, and release on bail Arena thinks U.S. could win 2026 World Cup In first hours of freedom, disbelief it was real after 25 years in prison NBA playoffs: Celtics have come a long way, hope to go a long way Thursday's high school roundup: NYA wins boys' lacrosse opener Wearing defiance – but not on her sleeves – Portland 6th-grader protests dress code as sexist Sen. Collins seriously considering run for Maine governor in 2018 'I'm a goner': El Faro's last hours as it sailed into hurricane Man convicted of 1989 Portland murder granted bail after star witness recants Another Portland restaurant closes Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Search for WCSH meteorologist Tom Johnston ends with discovery of body in Auburn In the centennial of his birth, Andrew Wyeth gets a closer look TV weatherman Tom Johnston remembered for his energy and humor, on air and off BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
POLITICO Magazine Menu Our Latest Search politico.com Google Plus Facebook Twitter Search Close AP Photo War Room How Trump Can Build a 350-Ship Navy The president promised to restore America’s strength on the high seas. Here’s how he can actually do it. By Jerry Hendrix and Robert C. O'Brien April 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print When President Donald Trump wanted to send a message to North Korea, he did it the old-fashioned way: by sending the USS Carl Vinson—a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier that holds a crew of 5,200 people and bristles with some 65 or so fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters—steaming toward the Korean Peninsula. An aircraft carrier is the ultimate expression of American power, a floating military base whose arrival inspires fear in our enemies and heartens our allies. The Vinson, along with its strike group of two destroyers and one cruiser, certainly caused top officials in Beijing and Pyongyang to sit up and notice. North Korea called the deployment “outrageous,” while China expressed “concern.” If both countries’ leaders didn’t understand how serious Trump is about stopping North Korea’s race toward nuclear-tipped missiles, they get it now. Story Continued Below This is exactly why America has a Navy—and exactly why it’s so important that we rebuild it after years of atrophy as a result of the war on terrorism and budget constraints under President Barack Obama. Unfortunately, the Navy is no longer large enough to remain persistently forward-deployed to uphold international law or fully protect the nation’s interests. Set aside security threats like North Korea—the entire international economic system, nearly wholly dependent upon huge container ships, is nearing its fracture point. Once broken, this system based upon a loose maritime law consensus that is enforced by American naval might, will be difficult to reestablish. The shrinking Navy has led to a slow deterioration of the nation’s shipbuilding industrial base. Shipyards require steel-workers, welders, pipefitters, electricians, heating and air conditioning technicians and industrial managers, all well-paying jobs, but as shipyards and suppliers have closed and consolidated, many of those jobs and skills have been lost. The waning of America’s shipbuilding capacity is not just an economic issue; it damages our national security. This is why Trump’s promise in September 2016 in Philadelphia to “build a Navy of 350 surface ships and submarines,” as well his more recent commitment in Newport News, Virginia, to a “12 carrier Navy,” is so important. If he succeeds, he will join Theodore Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan as the presidents who have shaped the world and America through their commitment to the Navy. 1600 Penn Why the First 100 Days Concept Is Bogus By Jeff Greenfield President Trump has set out to do nothing less than reverse the slide in naval power that was a hallmark of the Obama administration’s timid foreign policy. Rebuilding the Navy is the cornerstone of a “peace through strength” posture that will deter America’s adversaries and reassure her friends. It will have the added benefit, as experience has demonstrated, of growing the American economy through the addition of thousands of well-paying blue-collar jobs. And jobs aren’t the only economic benefit the Navy provides. Upholding the international trading system benefits all Americans. Unfortunately, in recent years, China, Russia, Iran and North Korea have been challenging time-honored maritime norms of free trade and free navigation and threatening the United States and its allies with expansive territorial claims in the East China Sea, South China Sea, Korean Peninsula, Strait of Hormuz and the Black Sea. Moreover, China’s People’s Liberation Army Navy is developing bases as far away as Africa, and Russian subs are patrolling at levels not seen since the Cold War. China is engaged in the biggest shipbuilding program by an emerging power since Kaiser Wilhelm II built Germany’s Kriegsmarine fleet that, in part, precipitated World War I. (The United States simply doesn’t have enough ships to sustain a serious response. Even the Vinson strike group is symbolic of the problem. In the past, a carrier would be escorted by two cruisers, two guided missile destroyers, two anti-submarine warfare destroyers and two escort frigates. Today, the Navy mustered only three ships—highly capable ones, but three nonetheless—to escort the Vinson.) The president’s plan is designed to address these concerns, but it won’t be easy. Dramatically growing the fleet will require presidential-level leadership and significant investment. Adding 75 ships to the fleet will be a challenge both from an industrial perspective (the nation does not have as many shipyards as it once did) and from a fiscal perspective (since the president is dealing with a deficit that doubled under his predecessor). The Navy’s uniformed leadership has stated that it may take as long as 25 years to reach the president’s goal, a time-frame that makes sense only if we accept modest increases in production of present classes of ships. It’s an unacceptably slow schedule, given the depth of the crisis—and it reflects a shipbuilding plan that is very similar to the one floated by the Obama administration. America needs a bigger Navy yesterday, not a quarter-century into the future. We believe President Trump can reach his goal of a highly capable 350-ship fleet by the end of his second term if bold action is taken now. With a little creativity, some political elbow-grease and good old-fashioned American ingenuity, here’s how he can do it. *** We begin with a broad accounting of where we stand. Today’s fleet stands at 275 ships, up slightly from the 271 ships in 2015, but nowhere near the post-World War II average of 740 ships. The good news is that the Navy is scheduled in the next eight years to take delivery of 80 new ships already under contract including two carriers, 17 Arleigh Burke-class Aegis destroyers and 16 Virginia class fast-attack submarines—all front-line warships. The bad news is that over the same period, the Navy has scheduled 49 of its ships for decommissioning. These ships include five Ticonderoga-class Aegis cruisers and 21 Los Angeles-class fast attack submarines—again, all key components of the Navy’s wartime force. Taken together, these numbers add up to a net increase of 31 ships in the force over the next eight years—still 44 ships short of the president’s and his commanders’ requirement of 350 warships. The USS Carl Vinson, a Navy aircraft Carrier, approaches to join an annual joint military exercise between South Korea and the United States in Busan, South Korea, in mid-March. | AP The number 350 is critical. The regional combatant commanders have identified 18 maritime regions around the world that require persistent American naval presence to protect the United States’ national interests. If one of these regions is “gapped” of U.S. naval presence, then international norms, such as free navigation, fall into disuse and are challenged by local actors. To be sure, not all of these regions demand an aircraft carrier. Arleigh Burke-class destroyers seem to work best in the Baltic and Black Seas, for instance, while amphibious ships are in demand in the African Gulf of Guinea, but, as a rule, it takes five ships to keep one forward-deployed: one arriving home, one in the yards for maintenance, one working up toward deployment, one deployed and one transiting home. Taking all of these factors into consideration, we arrive at a minimum number of 350 ships to maintain stability in the global maritime commons. So how to get to 350? The first step should be a review of the ships scheduled to be decommissioned in order to determine their true condition. The five oldest cruisers in the force have been in the water for 30 years and are scheduled to be transferred to the “mothballed” Ready Reserve fleet at 35 years, but overhauls, refitting and service life extension programs could conservatively add five to 10 years to their lives. This work would have to begin immediately and would not be inexpensive—estimates range as high as 300 million per ship—but this option must be explored. Similarly, the Navy is looking to retire 9 of its 14 mine counter measure (MCM) ships over the next eight years. These ships fill a critical warfighting niche and were supposed to be relieved by littoral combat ships (LCS), but the mine-hunting systems that were to be installed on the LCS have not matured as expected, creating a strategic hole in the Navy’s spectrum of capabilities. The mine countermeasure ships are generally seen to be in good condition. Taken together, the service-life extensions of the cruisers and mine sweepers would add 14 platforms to the Navy’s ship count, decreasing the gap between the current plan and a 350 ship fleet from 44 to 30 ships. 1600 PENN Trump’s Secret Weapon Against Obama’s Legacy By Michael Grunwald Another option is to take a page from Ronald Reagan’s book and find capable ships in the nation’s “ghost” or Ready Reserve fleet. The ghost fleet is a collection of ships kept in wartime reserve. Decommissioned and preserved, they sit in the water in various strategic locations around the country ready to be called upon in a national emergency. Currently, there are eleven Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigates that are deemed too old and expensive to maintain by the Navy but are highly desired by allied navies such as Turkey, Taiwan and Egypt. These proven frigates could be refitted and equipped with modern anti-surface and anti-air missiles to get them back into the fleet and allow them contribute to presence and escort missions. This is precisely what our allies have done when they have purchased the Perry-class frigates from us at a fraction of the cost of building a new warship. Additionally, there are three Ticonderoga-class Aegis cruisers that were decommissioned with 10 years of hull-life left in them. Each ship was scheduled to be scrapped by the Obama administration, but that decision can be immediately reversed. For an investment of $550 million each, an eighth of the price of a new cruiser, these warships could be upgraded with new vertical launch systems and returned to the fleet with 122 VLS tubes stocked with a variety of missiles, including the Tomahawk land attack missiles that struck Syria last week. Only the Russian Navy’s Kirov-class cruisers exceed the firepower of the Ticonderogas. To leave three of America’s most lethal surface combatant on the sidelines makes no sense in today’s dangerous world. The Friday Cover The Deadly Danger of Trump’s Naval Buildup By Jennifer Gollan There are also two recently mothballed amphibious assault ships that should be inspected and considered for further service. With new technology such as rail guns, lasers, UAVs, Osprey tilt wing aircraft and F-35Bs, the big decks and welldecks of the amphibs could provide the Navy with many interesting opportunities. Each of these ships would also come with a maintenance and readiness bill, but again, retrofitting them would still be cheaper and faster than building new ships. If half of the ghost fleet’s Perrys, Ticonderagos and amphibs can be returned to active service with new capabilities and an extended ship life, they would represent 8 additional ships in the fleet by the end of the president’s first term. So America would just need to build 22 new ships to reach 350. *** This leads us to the topic of new construction. Presently the conversation within the Navy centers around taking the “warm” Ford (carrier), Burke (destroyer), Virginia (attack sub) and San Antonio (amphib) production lines and turning them “hot” by ramping them up to full capacity. While this step would have the result of improving the overall combat capabilities of the fleet, it would also add an average of $10 billion per year to the acquisitions budget of an already strained budget while only yielding an average of four additional ships per year. While the Pentagon budget was increased by $54 billion in the president’s recent budget submission, the Navy can only expect to receive about a third of this amount. Most of those funds must go toward maintenance and readiness shortfalls left over from the Obama administration’s neglect. So unfortunately, few dollars in the current budget proposal are left for building the new warships the president wants and America needs. Washington And The World Why Trump’s Attack on Syria Is Legal By David M. Tafuri In our view, new or additional acquisition dollars should be spent on the 12th carrier announced by the president, on submarines, where the Navy is facing a real numbers crisis, and on small surface combatants (frigates and offshore patrol vessels), where China is racing ahead of the United States. The Navy should continue building its highly capable Arleigh Burke-class destroyers but at the current rate. Whereas two additional destroyers (the Navy already has 64 and is headed toward 80 by 2024) would cost $3.6 billion, that same money could purchase two robust frigates (FF) based upon the Italian and French FREMM class design, two 65-meter offshore patrol vessels (OPV) such as the Ambassador-class ships manufactured in the United States for Egypt, and two Joint High Speed Vessels modified with new surface-to-surface missiles to serve as fast missile attack ships (MHSV). One benefit of the FREMM class frigate, the most robust of the Navy’s frigate options, is that it could be built under license at the Marinette, Wisconsin, shipyard very soon after that yard finishes the current run of the Freedom-class LCS. The Freedom-class LCS consortium includes the FREMM’s Italian manufacturer, which owns the Marinette yard. This diverse acquisition program represents an approach that embraces carriers, naval aviation, DDGs, subs and small surface combatants and missile boats, so that we can confront our adversaries at every level. It would allow the Navy to position squadrons of offshore patrol vessels and missile boats in the contested waters of the western Pacific, Mediterranean, Arabian and Baltic Seas, where they are urgently needed. Fourth Estate Putin Hoists Trump on His Own Fake News Petard By Jack Shafer It’s a fiscally conservative approach that would also free up the resources to meet the president’s strategic goal of adding a 12th carrier to the fleet. The additional carrier is crucial, as the United States has found itself without a carrier in the Mediterranean and other key theaters on several occasions over the past two years. At present, the Navy will not see a 12-carrier navy for 19 years, and, then, only by speeding up by the build time for new carriers by a year. What many people do not know is that the dry dock at Newport News, where the carriers are built, can actually hold two super carriers. So we recommend building two carriers at once—just as the Reagan administration did in the 1980s, when it procured the USS Abraham Lincoln and the USS George Washington simultaneously. This would cost more than the current plan, but buying the ships concurrently would also allow the government to negotiate a discount. And it would get President Trump his 12th carrier into production by the end of his second term, should he be re-elected. *** So, what about the jobs? All of this activity will reenergize the nation’s shipbuilding and repair industrial base in a manner not seen since the height of the Cold War. Navy shipyards in Norfolk, Bremerton, Pearl Harbor and Portsmouth will be engaged in service life extensions. Mothballed ships will flow into Philadelphia, San Diego and along to Gulf Coast and come back to life. New ships will come together in Wisconsin, Alabama, Louisiana, Oregon and even along the banks of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, just as they did during World War II, driving a renaissance in American shipbuilding and bringing much needed well-paying jobs to the nation’s heartland. There will naturally be other expenses to be calculated beyond shipbuilding. Naval aviation will require another 225 aircraft to make up the current strike-fighter shortfall and man the 11th air wing once the 12th carrier comes on line, and there better be some long-range unmanned tanking and strike capacity in that air wing as well. The president has already talked about buying additional squadrons of Boeing’s proposed upgraded Block 3 Super Hornets. The additional carrier would allow the Navy to do so without significantly cutting into its F-35C buy from Lockheed. Additional ships will also require additional maintenance and readiness dollars. More sailors will also be needed. The last time the Navy had 350 ships, it had just shy of 400,000 personnel in its ranks. Today it has 323,000 sailors. Even with new unmanned technologies, the Navy will need more men and women in its ranks, and American sailors do not come cheap. On the very positive side for our sailors, more ships means shorter deployments and more opportunity for advancement and command. Washington And The World Trump Can’t Make Assad Go By Barak Barfi OK, you might be asking: What’s all this going to cost? The Navy’s budget for fiscal year 2016 came in at $160 billion, a modest 1.5 percent increase over the previous administration’s submission. This budget is well short of the type of investment necessary to return the Navy to its full strength of 350 ships while also addressing significant readiness and maintenance shortfalls. To accomplish these goals, we recommend an average ship procurement budget increase of $7 billion per year over the next eight years. That would fund the shipbuilding program proposed here, including the purchase of an additional carrier, and cover the initial Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine replacement.We also recommend an average increase in aviation procurement of $3.5 billion over the next eight years to address the strike fighter shortfall and reintroduce a robust long-range strike capability in the carrier air wing. These new ships and aircraft will necessitate a change in the Navy’s Operations and Maintenance budget, which should rise from its present $48.4 billion to $57 billion. Increased personnel costs must be factored in as well, netting a $8.2 billion per year increase by the end of the second administration. Overall, the Navy budget we propose would rise from $160 billion to just over $190 billion by fiscal year 2024. *** We expect the criticism of our plan to be fierce and furious. Deficit hawks on the right and those on the left who would rather spend more on domestic programs will complain about the precipitous rise in defense spending suggested within this proposal. They fail to grasp, however, the threats America faces today—from a rising China to a resurgent Russia to dangerous smaller players such as Iran. In the end, history teaches us that it is far less expensive to deter a war than to fight one, a lesson that has repeated itself since the Roman era. We also note that this naval budget would not increase the overall defense budget above the post-World War II average of 4 percent of annual GDP. WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD So You Want to Partition Libya … By Geoff D. Porter Some will say that investments in older ships is lost money in an age of anti-access/area denial weapons, but 90 percent of naval operations is preventing the outbreak of war through the consistent demonstration of peacetime presence and American resolve. Older frigates, which our allies operate for 20 years after we decommission them, new frigates and offshore patrol vessels are sufficient for this purpose. Moreover, they will all field more firepower than the Navy’s current small surface combatant, the LCS. Others will argue that the Navy will be best served by a new “clean sheet” designed frigate, or even by pursuing an evolution of the LCS. Unfortunately, the two LCS designs have suffered through a series of engineering malfunctions and structural design flaws and are also considered to be too under-armed to be credible in combat situations. In general, American ship designs over the past generation have failed due to their built-in complexity and high cost. The Navy’s newest ship, the Zumwalt DDG 1000, has experienced early issues and has been limited to a class of merely three ships. It is even unclear if the Navy will purchase the costly high-tech ammunition for which its naval guns were designed. It will be pointed out that our diverse shipbuilding plan would result in the Navy having four classes of small combatants in the fleet for a period of time (Freedom Class, Independence Class, Perry Class, and potentially FREMM class), which will bring additional parts, training and maintenance complexity to the fleet. Some of these issues could be mitigated by basing classes together geographically. However, at this point, numbers matter and the key goal must remain the 350 ship fleet. THE GLOBAL POLITICO ‘People Just Flat-Out Lie’ By Susan B. Glasser Some naysayers will claim that missile-laden high speed vessels and offshore patrol vessels are too vulnerable to enemy attack. We reply that these ships are an inexpensive way to complicate the calculations of our competitors and project American power while reassuring allies. Indeed, China and Russia are themselves building new classes of missile craft and offshore patrol vessels for presence and sea control missions in key regions such as the Arctic, South China Sea and Taiwan Strait. To all of these critics, we say: As each day passes without a shipbuilding plan that reflects the president’s priorities, President Trump is missing a chance to make a strong start on significantly increasing the size of the fleet. Very soon it will be too late to influence this year’s budget cycle. Ships take two to five years to build, and ships included in next year’s budget will possibly not hit the water until after the next inauguration. The time to act is now. We expect President Trump to announce his secretary of the Navy pick soon. We urge the Senate to quickly confirm him and his team so that they can get to work. And we encourage the new SECNAV and Defense Secretary Mattis to act boldly execute a shipbuilding plan that will make good on the president’s promises today, not tomorrow. The Navy requires the ships, our sailors deserve them and the American people need the jobs and improved defense industrial base this program will bring. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Capt. Jerry Hendrix, USN (ret) (@JerryHendrixII) is a retired U.S. Navy captain and award-winning naval historian. Hendrix is senior fellow and director of the Defense Strategies and Assessments Program at the Center for a New American Security. Robert C. O’Brien (@robertcobrien) is a partner at Larson O’Brien LLP. He served as a U.S. representative to the United Nations General Assembly. O’Brien was also a senior adviser to Govs. Scott Walker and Mitt Romney and Sen. Ted Cruz during their presidential campaigns. His book While America Slept: Restoring American Leadership to a World in Crisis was released in September. This story tagged under: Military Navy Donald Trump War Room Show Comments More from POLITICO Magazine THE BIG IDEA Donald Trump’s Fictional America By Andrés Miguel Rondón The Friday Cover The Syrian Rebel Who Tried to Build an Islamist Paradise By Aron Lund Fourth Estate Tomi Lahren Was Made for the Trump Era By Virginia Heffernan Most Popular Prediction prof: Trump will be impeached Trump’s base turns on him House Democrats want Kushner's security clearance suspended Warner takes Trump-Russia investigation to the masses Trump turns to CEOs amid White House turmoil More on Magazine Our Latest Weekly Newsletter Print Archive Web Archive About Us Write for Us FAQ POLITICO Magazine Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Pictures that Shake the World Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Docs فارسی French فارسی French Iran Air, ATR sign plane purchase deal Thu Apr 13, 2017 9:17AM Home Iran Economy Iran’s national flag-carrier airline Iran Air has signed a much-awaited contract with the European plane manufacturer ATR to purchase 20 twin-propeller planes. Iran’s national flag-carrier airline Iran Air has signed a much-awaited contract with the European plane manufacturer ATR to purchase over a dozen planes – a yet another move taken in light of the government’s plans to rejuvenate the country’s ageing aviation fleet.  The agreement involved 20 ATR 72-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft that can carry 70 passengers.  It was signed by Iran Air Managing Director Farhad Parvaresh and ATR CEO Christian Scherer. Parvaresh was quoted by the domestic media as saying that at least four ATR planes would be delivered to Iran Air within the next month, adding that five more would also be delivered by the end of 2017. The official further emphasized that the delivery of all planes would be completed by the end of 2018.  He added that his company had an option to purchase another 20 planes from the French-Italian company.      Parvaresh did not disclose the value of the deal, but reports say it could be worth $536 million at list prices. US aviation giant has already made a $16.6 billion sale already to Iran Air and has also signed a $3 billion deal to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran's Aseman Airlines, a firm owned by Iran's civil service pension foundation. Boeing’s biggest European rival – Airbus – has signed another deal estimated to be worth some $25 billion to sell planes to the same company. Airbus has so far delivered three planes to Iran and more deliveries are expected to be made in the near future.  Also, Boeing could make its first delivery in a month – around a year sooner than scheduled as per its deal with Iran Air. Loading ...   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2016 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News Maritime Security 2017 North America Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 7.23% and Forecast to 2019 Maritime Security Maritime Security Market Research Report 2017 About maritime security Maritime security refers to security of marine ports, vessels, and facilities. The need for marine port security is on the rise because of growing number of terrorist attacks and criminal activities such as piracy, terrorism, and sabotage. Marine security includes implementation of physical and cyber securities in port premises. Since marine ports facilitate trade between countries and continents, the need for maritime security is crucial. Radars, marine surveillance, SCADA, AIS, LRIT, smart container technology, detectors, and network and cyber security are the major types of security applications provided in marine ports. Technavio’s analysts forecast the maritime security market in North America to grow at a CAGR of 7.23% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the maritime security market in North America for the period 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of maritime security applications. The report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the top six vendors in the market. Major drivers that influence the growth of the market are also discussed in the report. It also outlines the challenges faced by vendors and the market at large, as well as the key trends emerging in the market. Technavio’s report, Maritime Security Market in North America 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers North America; it also covers the landscape of the maritime security market in North America and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request For Sample Report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/59152-maritime-secu… Key vendors • BAE Systems • General Dynamics • Lockheed Martin • Northrop Grumman • Raytheon • Safran Other prominent vendors • Accenture • AeroVironment • Boeing • Bruker • DRS Technologies • Elbit Systems • Flir Systems • GE Aviation • General Atomics Aeronautical Systems • IBM • James Fisher and Sons • L-3 Communications • Motorola Solutions • Rapiscan Systems • Siemens • Textron Marine and Land Systems • Thales Group • Unisys Market driver • Increasing maritime security concerns • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • High implementation costs • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Rapid advances in technology • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Complete Report Details @ www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/59152-maritime-security-ma… Table Of Contents 01. Executive Summary 02. List of Abbreviations 03. Scope of the Report 03.1 Market Overview 03.2 Product Offerings 04. Market Research Methodology 04.1 Market Research Process 04.2 Research Methodology 05. Introduction 06. Market Description 06.1 Methods to Tackle Terrorism 06.1.1 Counter-piracy 06.1.2 Counter-terrorism 06.2 Applications of Maritime Security 06.2.1 Underwater Surveillance 06.2.2 Video Surveillance 06.2.3 AIS 06.2.4 LRIT 06.2.5 Optronics 06.2.6 Radar 06.2.7 Thermal Imaging Cameras 06.2.8 Smart Container Technology 06.2.9 SCADA 06.3 Key Leading Countries 06.3.1 Canada 06.3.2 US 06.4 Cyber-attacks in Maritime Sector 07. Market Landscape 07.1 Market Overview 07.1.1 Market Size and Forecast 07.2 Share of North America in Global Maritime Security Market 07.3 Five Forces Analysis 08. Product Life Cycle Analysis 09. Buying Criteria 10. Market Growth Drivers 11. Drivers and their Impact 12. Market Challenges 13. Impact of Drivers and Challenges 14. Market Trends 15. Trends and their Impact 16. Vendor Landscape 16.1 Competitive Scenario 16.2 Vendor Analysis 2014 16.2.1 Comparison of Vendors based on Technologies 16.2.2 Key News 16.3 Other Prominent Vendors 16.3.1 Accenture 16.3.2 AeroVironment 16.3.3 Boeing 16.3.4 Bruker 16.3.5 Elbit Systems 16.3.6 Flir Systems 16.3.7 IBM 16.3.8 L-3 Communications 16.3.9 Motorola 16.3.10 Textron 16.3.11 Thales 16.3.12 Unisys 17. Key Vendor Analysis 17.1 BAE Systems 17.1.1 Key Facts 17.1.2 Business Overview 17.1.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.1.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.1.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.1.6 Business Strategy 17.1.7 Recent Developments 17.1.8 SWOT Analysis 17.2 General Dynamics 17.2.1 Key Facts 17.2.2 Business Overview 17.2.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.2.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.2.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.2.6 Business Strategy 17.2.7 Key Information 17.2.8 SWOT Analysis 17.3 Lockheed Martin 17.3.1 Key Facts 17.3.2 Business Overview 17.3.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.3.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.3.5 Business Strategy 17.3.6 Recent Developments 17.3.7 SWOT Analysis 17.4 Northrop Grumman 17.4.1 Key Facts 17.4.2 Business Overview 17.4.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.4.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.4.5 Business Strategy 17.4.6 Key Developments 17.4.7 SWOT Analysis 17.5 Raytheon 17.5.1 Key Facts 17.5.2 Business Overview 17.5.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.5.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.5.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.5.6 Business Strategy 17.5.7 Recent Developments 17.5.8 SWOT Analysis 17.6 Safran 17.6.1 Key Facts 17.6.2 Business Overview 17.6.3 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.6.4 Business Segmentation by Revenue 2012 and 2013 17.6.5 Geographical Segmentation by Revenue 2013 17.6.6 Business Strategy 17.6.7 Recent Developments 17.6.8 SWOT Analysis 18. Other Reports in this Series Continued……. Buy This Report @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Address: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leading European real estate firms rely on MRI Software to manage global portfolios Next PostNext PSIM 2017 Global Key Players – CNL, NICE Systems, Tyco International, Vidsys, Axxon Soft Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Sepsis Diagnostics Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Fitness Equipment Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. New Research Report Focused On World Ciprofloxacin base Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Servo Drives and Motors Market | Outlook Research Report 2014-2021 By DecisionDatabases Wound Care Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Generally cloudy. High around 60F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 46F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking In first-ever combat use, US drops its largest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan Close Vahid Salemi FILE - In this Feb. 7, 2016, file photo, an Iranian Mahan Air passenger plane takes off as a plane of Iran's national air carrier Iran Air, left, is parked at Mehrabad airport in Tehran, Iran. European airplane manufacturer ATR said it signed a deal with Iran Air for 20 aircraft with option for 20 more on Thursday, April 13, 2017. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File) AP Airplane maker ATR signs $536M, 20-aircraft deal with Iran By NASSER KARIMI and JON GAMBRELL Associated Press Apr 13, 2017 Updated 10 hrs ago 0 Vahid Salemi FILE - In this Feb. 7, 2016, file photo, an Iranian Mahan Air passenger plane takes off as a plane of Iran's national air carrier Iran Air, left, is parked at Mehrabad airport in Tehran, Iran. European airplane manufacturer ATR said it signed a deal with Iran Air for 20 aircraft with option for 20 more on Thursday, April 13, 2017. (AP Photo/Vahid Salemi, File) TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — European airplane manufacturer ATR said Thursday it sealed a $536-million sale with Iran Air for at least 20 aircraft, the latest aviation firm to strike a deal following Iran's nuclear accord with world powers. ATR spokesman David Vargas confirmed the finalized deal for the 20 ATR 72-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft, and said Iran Air had an option to purchase another 20. "They will definitely help Iran Air to modernize and develop regional connectivity across the country," Vargas told The Associated Press. Home to 80 million people, Iran represents one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for deals worth billions of dollars. Vargas declined to offer a value for the deal with Iran Air. The confirmed portion of the deal is worth $536 million at list prices, though buyers typically negotiate discounts on bulk orders. Iranian state TV described the deal as being worth about $400 million. The deal also already has the approval of the U.S. Treasury, Vargas said. The Treasury must sign off on aircraft deals when at least 10 percent of the airplanes' components are of American origin. The Treasury could not be immediately reached for comment. Farhad Parvaresh, the CEO of Iran Air, told the state-run IRNA news agency that the French-Italian company will deliver nine ATR 72-600s in 2017 and the rest in 2018. He said four of the aircraft will arrive within a month after signing the contract. In February 2016, ATR signed an initial agreement to explore selling the aircraft to Iran Air. ATR is the Toulouse, France-based partnership of Airbus and Italy's Leonardo S.p.A., which specializes in regional turboprop aircraft of 90 seats or less. The ATR deal comes on the back of the nuclear agreement Iran struck with world powers, which saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions. That deal allowed airplane manufacturers to rush into the Iranian market. Boeing Co. has already made a $16.6 billion sale already to Iran Air, while its European rival Airbus signed one estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). The Treasury has signed off on both those deals. Chicago-based Boeing also signed a $3 billion deal earlier this month to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran's Aseman Airlines, a firm owned by Iran's civil service pension foundation. The Boeing sales represent the first major deals for an American company in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. U.S. politicians have expressed concern about the airplane sales to Iran. President Donald Trump remains skeptical of the atomic accord overall and has threatened to renegotiate it, without offering specifics. ___ Online: ATR: www.atr-aircraft.com ___ Gambrell reported from Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Associated Press writer Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Contracts And Orders Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION La Crosse natives’ year-old Madigan Winery already has won awards Steve Cahalan: La Crosse Training Center opens downtown Study: Trout fishing generates $952 million for Driftless Area economies, more than double since 2008 Alliant Energy's Riverside power plant near Beloit needs $25 million in repairs 'Aging in place' a growing trend as boomers remodel their homes Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Politics SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trudeau unveils bill legalizing recreational marijuana in Canada Teachers accused of sexual misconduct often find new posts Report names 12 at Choate Rosemary Hall who allegedly abused students Spotlight: Sexual abuse at New England boarding schools Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Evan Vucci/AP President Donald Trump. By Jill Colvin and Ken Thomas Associated Press  April 13, 2017 WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. Advertisement ‘‘One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,’’ Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. ‘‘Big changes are happening!’’ Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Get Political Happy Hour in your inbox: Your afternoon shot of politics, sent straight from the desk of Joshua Miller. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as ‘‘obsolete,’’ saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. Advertisement ‘‘I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,’’ Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. Labeling China a currency manipulator During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a ‘‘contract’’ with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. ‘‘You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,’’ he said of China. ‘‘And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.’’ By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, ‘‘They’re not currency manipulators.’’ Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. EX-IM Bank Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, ‘‘It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.’’ Russian President Vladimir Putin As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. ‘‘I don’t know Putin,’’ Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: ‘‘I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.’’ But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, ‘‘I got to know him very well because we were both on ‘60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.’’ The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a ‘‘long time ago.’’ For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. US military prowess The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a ‘‘disaster’’ is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. ‘‘It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,’’ he said. ‘‘I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.’’ Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. ‘‘We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,’’ he said at a rally in Delaware last April. ‘‘We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.’’ Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was ‘‘being more political than Secretary Clinton.’’ But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be ‘‘toast’’ when her term ends, Trump said, ‘‘No, not toast.’’ ‘‘I like her, I respect her,’’ Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 54° F Overcast Hi: 70° F Lo: 52° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines AAA opening new Beavercreek location Updated: 13 mins ago AAA will host a ribbon cutting ceremony Friday, which is free to attend CareFlight requested to serious Moorefield Twp. crash Updated: 7 mins ago Authorities say a vehicle hit a utility pole just after midnight Friday. Gov. Kasich’s externship requirement getting F’s from some teachers April 13, 2017 Three inmates hospitalized after fight over drugs in jail April 13, 2017 Ryan Custer “ready to fight” after suffering spinal cord injury April 13, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 54° F Overcast Feels Like: 54° F Wind: E 7 Humidity: 59% Dewpoint: 40° F Sunrise: 7:01 AM Sunset: 8:13 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Reds 4-game win streak snapped by Brewers April 13, 2017 Ryan Braun and Eric Thames homered, Jimmy Nelson turned in his second straight strong start and the Milwaukee Brewers snapped Cincinnati’s f… Dragons come from behind for sixth straight win April 13, 2017 The Dragons battled back from a 3-0 deficit to defeat the Great Lakes Loons 6-3 in the first game of a three-game series on Thursday. Raiders sign another guard April 13, 2017 Jackets drop opening playoff game in Pittsburgh April 12, 2017 Dragons rally for fifth straight win April 13, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Latest Headlines Ending MS in the Miami Valley April 13, 2017 Katie learns how two big events can make a big impact on putting an end to MS here in the Miami Valley. Opening day at Kings Island April 13, 2017 Zac chats with Don from Kings Island about the 2017 season at Kings Island and the new roller coaster Mystic Timbers.   Lee’s Famous Recipe Chicken – waffle chicken April 13, 2017 Riding Mystic Timbers April 13, 2017 Beating spring fever with Sylvan Learning April 13, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 54° F Overcast Hi: 70° F Lo: 52° F President Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By Associated Press Published: April 13, 2017, 4:20 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Trump to sign executive orders targeting trade abuses President to sign executive orders targeting trade abuses Trump to call for action on health care, maybe immigration President says US is ready to act alone on North Korea Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Las Vegas Sun April 14, 2017 Currently: 63° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Prep awards nomination Newsletter signup Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more Alex Brandon / AP President Donald Trump speaks with reporters on Air Force One while in flight from Andrews Air Force Base, Md., to Palm Beach International Airport, Fla., Thursday, April 6, 2017. Associated Press Thursday, April 13, 2017 | 1:02 a.m. WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. Most Popular Viewed Trending Up next for the NFL stadium project: Finalize Raiders lease, UNLV’s role as co-tenant Vending machines in Las Vegas will dispense needles for drug users Trump reversals hint at populists’ diminished sway on the economy Police: Resident kills gunman during home invasion U.S. hits ISIS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Pizza Expo: Locals dish it up at F&B convention Music: Sister act Deux on the rise Mario Batali: Celebrates 10 years cooking in Las Vegas Featured Galleries Vegas Golden Knights Introduce Coach Green Day at MGM Arena San Bernardino Elementary School Shooting More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 14 Fri 15 Sat 16 Sun 17 Mon 18 Tue Happy Hour at Brass Lounge Brass Lounge BAZ - Star Crossed Love The Palazzo Resort Hotel and Casino Fremont Street Experience Fremont Street Experience All events on Friday » Laughternoon with Adam London The D Fizz Acoustic Sessions Fizz Las Vegas All events on Saturday » House of Blues Gospel Brunch House of Blues Gardens Guided Walk Springs Preserve Nik at Nite Tuscany Suites & Casino All events on Sunday » Happy Hour at Al's Garage Al's Garage Monday beer specials at Murphy’s Law Bar & Grill Murphy's Law The Ugliest Comic in America Plaza Hotel and Casino All events on Monday » Zombie Burlesque V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Middle East Airplane manufacturer ATR signs 20-aircraft deal with Iran The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press April 13 at 3:45 AM TEHRAN, Iran — European airplane manufacturer ATR says it has signed a deal with Iran Air for 20 aircraft with an option for 20 more. ATR spokesman David Vargas confirmed the deal for the 20 ATR-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft, were signed on Thursday. He declined to offer a value for the deal. The deal comes on the back of the nuclear deal Iran struck with world powers, which saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions. That deal allowed airplane manufacturers to rush into the Iranian market. Already, Chicago-based Boeing Co. and its European rival Airbus have signed multi-billion-dollar deals with Iran. U.S. politicians have expressed concern about the airplane sales to Iran and President Donald Trump remains skeptical of the atomic accord overall. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world middle_east Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world middle_east Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Tillerson meets with Putin amid deepening tensions over U.S. missile strikes in Syria 2 FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page 3 While the U.S. wasn’t looking, Russia and Iran began carving out a bigger role in Afghanistan 4 Tens of thousands protest Hungary’s education, NGO policies 5 Trump, Xi converge on currency, Syria as US-China ties warm The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world middle_east Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 58° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Generally cloudy. High around 60F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 46F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 1:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking In first-ever combat use, US drops its largest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan Close 1 of 2 Evan Vucci President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) AP Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMAS Associated Press Apr 13, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 Evan Vucci President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. ___ Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Politics Business Government And Politics Monetary Policy Economic Policy Economy Government Business And Finance Government Policy International Trade Financing International Trade × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION La Crosse natives’ year-old Madigan Winery already has won awards Steve Cahalan: La Crosse Training Center opens downtown Study: Trout fishing generates $952 million for Driftless Area economies, more than double since 2008 Alliant Energy's Riverside power plant near Beloit needs $25 million in repairs 'Aging in place' a growing trend as boomers remodel their homes Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: What gov't reorg means for feds•Post-hiring freeze plan?•No 'backdoor draft' for Air Force pilots Headlines Get Email Alerts World News Home » The Associated Press » World News » Airplane maker ATR signs… Airplane maker ATR signs $536M, 20-aircraft deal with Iran By master and The Associated Press April 13, 2017 4:57 am 2 min read Share TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — European airplane manufacturer ATR said Thursday it sealed a $536-million sale with Iran Air for at least 20 aircraft, the latest aviation firm to strike a deal following Iran’s nuclear accord with world powers. ATR spokesman David Vargas confirmed the finalized deal for the 20 ATR 72-600s, a twin-propeller aircraft, and said Iran Air had an option to purchase another 20. “They will definitely help Iran Air to modernize and develop regional connectivity across the country,” Vargas told The Associated Press. Home to 80 million people, Iran represents one of the last untapped aviation markets in the world. However, Western analysts are skeptical that there is demand for so many jets or available financing for deals worth billions of dollars. Read the latest on Donald Trump's first 100 days in office. Advertisement Vargas declined to offer a value for the deal with Iran Air. The confirmed portion of the deal is worth $536 million at list prices, though buyers typically negotiate discounts on bulk orders. Iranian state TV described the deal as being worth about $400 million. The deal also already has the approval of the U.S. Treasury, Vargas said. The Treasury must sign off on aircraft deals when at least 10 percent of the airplanes’ components are of American origin. The Treasury could not be immediately reached for comment. Farhad Parvaresh, the CEO of Iran Air, told the state-run IRNA news agency that the French-Italian company will deliver nine ATR 72-600s in 2017 and the rest in 2018. He said four of the aircraft will arrive within a month after signing the contract. In February 2016, ATR signed an initial agreement to explore selling the aircraft to Iran Air. ATR is the Toulouse, France-based partnership of Airbus and Italy’s Leonardo S.p.A., which specializes in regional turboprop aircraft of 90 seats or less. The ATR deal comes on the back of the nuclear agreement Iran struck with world powers, which saw Iran agree to limit its enrichment of uranium in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions. That deal allowed airplane manufacturers to rush into the Iranian market. March TSP returns: In like a lamb, out like a lion Boeing Co. has already made a $16.6 billion sale already to Iran Air, while its European rival Airbus signed one estimated to be worth some 22.8 billion euros ($25 billion). The Treasury has signed off on both those deals. Chicago-based Boeing also signed a $3 billion deal earlier this month to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran’s Aseman Airlines, a firm owned by Iran’s civil service pension foundation. The Boeing sales represent the first major deals for an American company in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and U.S. Embassy takeover. U.S. politicians have expressed concern about the airplane sales to Iran. President Donald Trump remains skeptical of the atomic accord overall and has threatened to renegotiate it, without offering specifics. ___ Online: ATR: www.atr-aircraft.com ___ Gambrell reported from Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Associated Press writer Adam Schreck in Dubai contributed to this report. Topics: All News Business News World News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » World News » Airplane maker ATR signs… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1943: Jefferson Memorial dedicated on president's 200th birthday Fed Photo of the Day Work continues on Cannon Renewal Project Top Stories VA promises rapid solutions to problems exposed by ‘extremely disturbing’ IG report Top Story It’s uncertain who will be on the DoD chopping block with new government reforms Defense News How VA’s DC medical center endangered patients Tom Temin Commentary ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Workforce 3 years after Phoenix scandal, VA launches new online wait time tool Agency Oversight THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 13, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7042 -0.0178 1.73% L 2020 25.0919 -0.0534 2.91% L 2030 27.7499 -0.0978 4.13% L 2040 29.7740 -0.1252 4.73% L 2050 17.0171 -0.0829 5.28% G Fund 15.2891 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7770 0.0560 0.93% C Fund 32.3062 -0.2211 6.07% S Fund 41.9509 -0.3748 4.57% I Fund 26.2532 -0.0802 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 66° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 66° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. Andrew Harnik AP Photo 1 of 2 National Business April 13, 2017 3:17 AM Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMAS Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON President Donald Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:32 4 hours ago World-renowned Illusionist Rick Thomas set to bring magic and fun to the Alabama Theatre 1:34 6 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.14 View More Video National Business Lack of Korean films not political, says Beijing festival Utah veterinary clinic cares for horses, other large animals Scientists visit Great Salt Lake pelican breeding ground Detained Afghan family gets permanent US resident status Arizona senator faces harsh criticism, boos at town hall National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 72° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 72° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. Andrew Harnik AP Photo 1 of 2 Business April 13, 2017 3:17 AM Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMAS Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON President Donald Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos View More Video Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 80° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Lots of sunshine. High 83F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly to mostly cloudy. Low near 60F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 13, 2017 @ 1:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Evan Vucci President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) AP Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMAS Associated Press 12 hrs ago (…) Andrew Harnik President Donald Trump accompanied by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, speaks at a news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Evan Vucci President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room of the White House, Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump hasn't been in the White House for 100 days, yet he's already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump's vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. "One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations," Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. "Big changes are happening!" Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as "obsolete," saying the post-World War II organization wasn't focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren't paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a "contract" with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. "You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions," he said of China. "And our country hasn't had a clue, they haven't had a clue." By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, "They're not currency manipulators." Trump told the paper he'd changed his mind because China hasn't been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country's help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank's charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn't able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, "It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies." ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. "I don't know Putin," Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: "I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius." But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, "I got to know him very well because we were both on '60 Minutes,' we were stablemates, and we did very well that night." The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a "long time ago." Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Who's hired? Check our People in Business Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm's length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a "disaster" is singing its praises now that he's in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network's Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. "It's so incredible. It's brilliant. It's genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five," he said. "I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing." Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military's state at rallies across the country. "We're going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles," he said at a rally in Delaware last April. "We're going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks." ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was "being more political than Secretary Clinton." But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be "toast" when her term ends, Trump said, "No, not toast." "I like her, I respect her," Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. ___ Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Monetary Policy Economic Policy Economy Government Business And Finance Government Policy International Trade Financing International Trade Locations Russia Eastern Europe Europe East Asia Asia China Greater China United States North America View (…) comments Most popular Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters In unusual vote, St. Louis TIF Commission holds up downtown hotel project Dogtown apartment developers in talks with local grocer Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section Here, boy! Iron dog missing from Venice Cafe being returned Nestlé Purina 'Beggin' dog treat lawsuit is scrapped U.S. stock indexes drift lower as oil prices fall Wells Fargo's profit flat, mortgage banking revenue down Mortgage rates fall to 4.08 percent, lowest level of the year Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices People in Business Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals on NATO, China, Syria, Russia | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Marijuana legalization United Airlines Farm accident Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals on NATO, China, Syria, Russia U.S. President Donald Trump pauses during a news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room at the White House in Washington on Wednesday, April 12, 2017. (AP / Andrew Harnik) Jill Colvin, The Associated Press Published Thursday, April 13, 2017 3:34AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, April 13, 2017 9:18PM EDT WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump is abruptly reversing himself on key issues. And for all his usual bluster, he's startlingly candid about the reason: He's just now really learning about some of them. "After listening for 10 minutes, I realized it's not so easy," the president said after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping that included his hopes that China's pressure could steer North Korea away from its nuclear efforts. "I felt pretty strongly that they had a tremendous power" over North Korea, he said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. "But it's not what you would think." That's just one of several recent comments offering insight into what looks like a moderate makeover for an immoderate president. As he approaches 100 days in office he appears to be increasingly embracing what he describes as his "flexibility" -- acknowledging he may not have thought deeply about some of the issues he shouted about throughout his political campaign. Over the past 48 hours, the outsider politician who pledged to upend Washington has: Abandoned his vow to label China a currency manipulator. Rethought his hands-off assessment of the Syrian conflict -- and ordered a missile attack. Turned his warm approach toward Vladimir Putin decidedly chilly and declared U.S.-Russia relations "may be at an all-time low." Decided NATO isn't actually obsolete, as he had claimed. Realized the U.S. Export-Import Bank is worth keeping around. "Instinctively, you would say, 'Isn't that a ridiculous thing,"' he said of the bank he once panned as "featherbedding" and pledged to eliminate. He now says of the bank, which supports U.S. exports, "Actually, it's a very good thing. And it actually makes money." Allies describe Trump as merely growing in the job, taking what he's learning and adapting. The White House, however, is struggling to explain some of the changes. Asked about the growing list of reversals on Wednesday, spokesman Sean Spicer argued that NATO actually is "evolving toward the president's position," not the other way around, by focusing more on terrorism and encouraging nations to pay more toward defence. What about flipflops besides NATO? Spicer was asked. NATO is actually moving toward Trump, he responded again. Next question. Trump, who seemed to remain in campaign mode for months after the election, appears to be listening to different advisers now. His onetime campaign guru, Steve Bannon, has been somewhat marginalized while moderate voices grow louder. It may also be that Trump is merely looking for a way to improve his low approval rating, acknowledging his best tactic could be switching to a less dogmatic, more pragmatic approach. "Candidates are always bombastic on the campaign trail -- and Trump especially. But there is some growing into the office and dealing with the real effects of some of the policies," said Stephen Moore, a conservative economist who helped craft Trump's economic plans. On the other hand, he warned, "if he starts just abandoning his promises, then I think it's going to exact a political toll." In many cases, Trump's campaign talk appeared born from instinct and little else. He was known as a candidate who rarely dug deep, and he employed few policy experts to inform his views. He's also long boasted of his flexibility, describing his positions as starting points for negotiation -- though many of his core ideas, including frustrations over the U.S. trade imbalance, have held steady for years. Trump, for instance, vowed to label China a currency manipulator, "They're not currency manipulators," he conceded in the Wall Street Journal interview, adding that he was concerned that officially branding them as such could jeopardize his talks with Beijing on confronting North Korea. Trump's evolution also reflects changing power dynamics within the White House, including the rise of Gary Cohn, his economics chief and the former president of Goldman Sachs, and other more moderate business leaders. Cohn has been looking for ways to fulfil Trump's campaign promises in ways that are practical and achievable -- as opposed to doing things precisely the way the candidate outlined. That's an attractive prospect for a president eager for the wins he promised -- after a difficult first few months that saw much of his agenda, including his signature travel ban and high-profile attempt at overhauling health care, blocked by Congress and the courts. Trump has also been turning to outside business leaders, including many he's known for years, for guidance. They include billionaire real estate developers Richard LeFrak and Steven Roth, who are informally advising him on infrastructure, and billionaire investor Stephen Schwartzman, the chairman and CEO of the Blackstone Group, who helped organize two major business panels this month to weigh in on possible regulatory and tax changes. Trump has also won praise for his decision to bomb an air base in Syria, despite his campaign promise to stay out of conflicts in the Middle East. While many in his conservative base were furious about the move, the bombing after a Syrian chemical weapons attack was widely applauded on the cable networks Trump voraciously consumes. And it changed the subject from the investigations into Russian interference -- and possible collaboration with his campaign -- in the U.S. election. Some things don't change. Bruce LeVell, a Georgia congressional candidate and Trump campaign backer who met with him several times this week, said, "We don't want his Twitter to go away. That's his pipeline to supporters, and he still has it." Related Stories As Trump appears to edge away from Bannon, a closer look at their relationship Is Bannon in peril? Trump comments worry his populist base Trump says China won't be labeled a currency manipulator Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, April 13, 2017 Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV Calgary: 8-year-old REALLY wants a cheeseburger Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV National News: Royal ascent Air Date: April 13, 2017 false U.S. drops largest non-nuclear bomb on ISIS Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV National News: United passenger lawyers up Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV National News: Dispensing with prohibition Air Date: April 13, 2017 false Ontario boy killed by farm machinery Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV National News: Extraordinary ordinance Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV News Channel: Princess Anne arrives in Ottawa Air Date: November 10, 2014 false CTV National News: 'Survivor' outing Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV National News: Pot plan unveiled Air Date: April 13, 2017 false CTV Montreal: Request for bail Air Date: April 13, 2017 More Stories from World Bangkok military targeting food carts in bid to impose order Tens of thousands of Syrians begin leaving rebel-held areas as part of deal Wisconsin governor cancels Easter egg hunt due to manhunt Witness recants, releasing Maine man jailed for 27 years Russia asked to end alleged killings of gays in Chechnya 36 ISIS fighters killed after U.S. drops 'Mother of All Bombs' in Afghanistan Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Marijuana legalization coming down the pipe false U.S. unleashes 'mother of all bombs' on ISIS false Quebec judge stays murder charge against accused killer false Transgender 'Survivor' contestant outed on TV CTV National News for April 13: Pot plan unveiled Most Popular Stories 1 Ont. toddler killed by heavy farm equipment 2 2 Ont. man now facing first-degree murder charge in death of pregnant wife 1 3 Liberals introduce legislation to legalize marijuana by July 2018 20 4 U.S. drops 'Mother of All Bombs' on Islamic State target in Afghanistan 5 5 Former Mountie sentenced to 15 years for torturing his son 3 6 'Appalling' United Airlines incident won't be tolerated in Canada: Garneau 19 7 Lawyer says passenger dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth 14 8 Trump to blame for 'vicious cycle' in Koreas region, North Korean official says 9 NASA: Ocean world near Saturn could support life 1 10 SCC will not hear Shafia's appeal in family killings 2 Don't Miss false 'I don't want to miss a day': Man climbs Mount Royal daily false 8-year-old steals parent's car to drive to McDonald's false Snowbirds practice for Canada's 150th anniversary in B.C. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Missing, murder women inquiry delays regional meetings Man whose murder charge was stayed due to trial delay to remain in CBSA custody SCC will not hear Shafia's appeal in family killings WORLD Bangkok military targeting food carts in bid to impose order Tens of thousands of Syrians begin leaving rebel-held areas as part of deal Wisconsin governor cancels Easter egg hunt due to manhunt ENTERTAINMENT Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner file divorce petitions 'Granddaddy of all marathons': Documentary film chronicles Boston Marathon 'Survivor' contestant outs fellow competitor as transgender HEALTH Tots who spend more time with touchscreens get less sleep: study Celebrated Montreal HIV/AIDS scientist Mark Wainberg dies in Florida Mayors demand national standard on drug overdose deaths data POLITICS Alberta premier warns against campaigning for anti-pipeline B.C. NDP Rachel Notley says Ottawa's timelines on pot are 'challenging' 'Appalling' United Airlines incident won't be tolerated in Canada: Garneau SCI-TECH Astronaut Peggy Whitson thrilled about bonus time in space Universities of Toronto, Waterloo chosen for self-driving car competition Facebook looking at behaviour to weed out fake accounts BUSINESS Asian markets drop over concerns about North Korea Loblaw plans to open 30 new stores and upgrade more than 500 others Finance minister to hold meeting in Toronto next week on GTA housing AUTOS Tesla set to unveil electric semi-truck in September Hydrogen fuel cell cars creep up slowly on electrics Uber may face fine over handling of drunk-driving complaints SPORTS Ducks edge Flames 3-2 in Game 1 of playoff series Leafs put scare in Capitals but lose in Game 1 overtime Blue Jays losing streak hits new low with sixth straight defeat Lifestyle Saskatoon distillery's cask gin named 'world's best' Patsy Cline Museum, Madame Tussauds open in Nashville Quiet rooms for autistic children popping up at airports CTV News on the Go false Ontario boy killed by farm machinery U.S. drops largest non-nuclear bomb on ISIS Reality show contestant outed as transgender on TV In Pictures   100th Anniversary of the Battle of Vimy Ridge CTV News at Vimy: Remembering the sacrifice Patriotic show: Juno Awards full of energy and humour Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > MarketsandMarkets Tweet   Actuator Systems Market in Aviation expected to be worth 1090.9 Million USD by 2021 Actuator Systems Market in Aviation by Product (Electric, Electrohydraulic, Electromechanical, Electrohydrostatic), Application (Flight Control System, Landing Gear, Auxiliary Control), Aircraft Type, End User and Region - Global Forecast to 2021   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 13, 2017 ) The report "Actuator Systems Market in Aviation by Product (Electric, Electrohydraulic, Electromechanical, Electrohydrostatic), Application (Flight Control System, Landing Gear, Auxiliary Control), Aircraft Type, End User and Region - Global Forecast to 2021", The aviation actuator systems market is projected to grow from USD 822.3 Million in 2016 to USD 1090.9 Million by 2021, at a CAGR of 5.82%. Increasing number of aircraft orders, growing trend towards for more electric aircraft (MEA), and increasing demand for automation in aviation industry are some of the key factors expected to drive the global aviation actuator systems market during the forecast period. Download PDF Brochure: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=137846800 Browse 71 market data Tables and 71 Figures spread through 131 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Actuator Systems Market in Aviation" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/aviation-actuator-system-market-137846800.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The electrohydraulic segment to dominate the aviation actuator systems market Aviation actuator systems market is segmented on the basis of product into electric, electromechanical, electrohydraulic, and electrohydrostatic actuators. Electrohydraulic segment dominates the studied market and is expected to continue its dominance over the forecast period. The demand for electrohydraulic actuators is primarily driven by some of its advanced features such as high reliability, effectiveness in handling impulse load, high acceleration & stall torque capability, and simple & low power electronics. The wide body aircraft segment is expected to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period The global aviation actuator systems market has been segmented and analyzed on the basis of aircraft type including narrow body aircraft, wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, transport aircraft, and fighter jets. Wide body aircraft segment is anticipated to grow at the highest pace during the forecast period. It is expected to dominate the market on account of its efficiency and rise in passenger traffic. Increasing connectivity between important geographical locations of developing regions and developed regions has led to the rise in demand for wide body aircraft. The aviation actuator systems market is expected to witness the highest growth in the North American region The aviation industry in North American region has been witnessing strong growth over the past few years, mainly driven by the increasing demand from the major aircraft manufacturers in this region including Boeing and Bombardier. Increasing number of aircraft orders to these manufacturers by major airliners across the globe is expected to propel the market growth during the forecast period. Inquiry Before Buying: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=137846800 Key players operating in the aviation actuator systems market are United Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Parker Hannifin Corp. (U.S.), Eaton (Ireland), Honeywell International, Inc. (U.S.), and Rockwell Collins (U.S.). Contracts, new product launches, expansions, partnership, collaborations, and agreements are the major growth strategies adopted by the players to strengthen their position in the market. About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 5000 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model  GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr.Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog@ http://mnmblog.org/market-research/aerospace-defence Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets Website: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/ Contact Information: MarketsandMarkets Mr. Rohan Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: What gov't reorg means for feds•Post-hiring freeze plan?•No 'backdoor draft' for Air Force pilots Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump reverses himself on… Trump reverses himself on NATO, China, Russia and more By JILL COLVIN and KEN THOMAS and The Associated Press April 13, 2017 3:15 am 5 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump hasn’t been in the White House for 100 days, yet he’s already reversed himself on many of his key campaign promises. In several interviews this week, the president has forged new positions on topics ranging from NATO to Chinese currency manipulation. They come as other campaign promises lag, including Trump’s vow to build a concrete wall along the length of the southern border and have Mexico pay for it. “One by one we are keeping our promises — on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations,” Trump tweeted Wednesday evening. “Big changes are happening!” Here are some of the areas where a president who prides himself on his flexibility has been willing to dispense with past positions: Read the latest on Donald Trump's first 100 days in office. Advertisement NATO Trump cemented his shift in posture toward the 28-nation military alliance as he stood alongside its leader at the White House on Wednesday. As a candidate, Trump had dismissed NATO as “obsolete,” saying the post-World War II organization wasn’t focused on combating the growing threat from terrorism and complaining that too many members weren’t paying their fair share toward defense. He struck an entirely different tone Wednesday, one he had been warming up to during frequent telephone conversations with his world counterparts. “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,” Trump said of NATO at a news conference with Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg after they met in the Oval Office. Trump still insists that NATO members meet a 2014 agreement to boost defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product within a decade. He has backup on this point from an important ally: Stoltenberg. March TSP returns: In like a lamb, out like a lion Currently, just the U.S. and a handful of other countries are meeting the 2 percent target. ___ LABELING CHINA A CURRENCY MANIPULATOR During his campaign, Trump insisted that one of his first acts as president would be to direct his treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator. It was part of a “contract” with American voters that he pledged to fulfill. Only days ago, in an interview with the Financial Times, Trump reiterated that campaign pledge. “You know when you talk about, when you talk about currency manipulation, when you talk about devaluations, they are world champions,” he said of China. “And our country hasn’t had a clue, they haven’t had a clue.” By Wednesday something had changed. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump declared point blank, “They’re not currency manipulators.” Trump told the paper he’d changed his mind because China hasn’t been manipulating its currency for months. He said a U.S. declaration of Chinese manipulation could jeopardize efforts to secure the country’s help in containing the threat posed by North Korea. ___ EX-IM BANK: Trump also appears to have grown fond of the U.S. Export-Import Bank, which has been a rallying cry for conservatives who consider it a mechanism of crony capitalism. The conservative political network established by billionaires Charles and David Koch has railed against the agency. Trump opposed the Ex-Im Bank during his campaign. But he said in the Journal interview that he supports the bank, which helps U.S. exporters by making and guaranteeing loans. Congress allowed the Ex-Im bank’s charter to expire in 2015, then eventually revived it over the objections of some conservatives. But it still isn’t able to conduct major business due to vacancies on its board, hurting top exporters like Boeing and General Electric. Trump told the newspaper he plans to fill two vacancies on the board, adding, “It turns out that, first of all, lots of small companies are really helped, the vendor companies.” ___ RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN As the U.S. relationship with Russia careens from cozy to frosty, Trump is keeping his distance from Russian President Vladimir Putin. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said Wednesday at the joint press conference with Stoltenberg. Trump has made conflicting statements about his ties to the Russian leader in the past. At a press conference last July, he said: “I never met Putin, I don’t know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I’m a genius.” But during the Republican primary he boasted of their ties. He said at a November 2015 primary debate, “I got to know him very well because we were both on ’60 Minutes,’ we were stablemates, and we did very well that night.” The two appeared on the same program, but their segments were taped in different countries. Trump had also previously said the pair met once, a “long time ago.” For Trump, dealing with investigations into possible contacts between his campaign associates and the Russian officials, keeping Putin at arm’s length may be the best political play. ___ U.S. MILITARY PROWESS The man who once slammed the U.S. military as a “disaster” is singing its praises now that he’s in charge. In an interview with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo that aired Wednesday morning, Trump talked up U.S. military strength, sounding almost in awe of its prowess. “It’s so incredible. It’s brilliant. It’s genius. Our technology, our equipment, is better than anybody by a factor of five,” he said. “I mean look, we have, in terms of technology, nobody can even come close to competing.” Just a couple of months ago, the president was bemoaning the military’s state at rallies across the country. “We’re going to rebuild out military. Our military is in shambles,” he said at a rally in Delaware last April. “We’re going to make it so big, so strong, so powerful that nobody, nobody, nobody is gonna mess with us, folks.” ___ FEDERAL RESERVE CHAIR JANET YELLEN During his campaign, Trump was critical of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, accusing her of keeping borrowing rates low to help rival Hillary Clinton and Democrats. Trump said at the time that he would likely replace Yellen when her term as chair ends next year. At the first presidential debate in September, Trump said the Fed was “being more political than Secretary Clinton.” But that was then. Trump, in the Wall Street Journal interview, left open the possibility of re-nominating Yellen for a second four-year term. Asked whether Yellen would be “toast” when her term ends, Trump said, “No, not toast.” “I like her, I respect her,” Trump said, adding that they had met in the Oval Office since he became president. ___ Associated Press writers Darlene Superville and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report. Topics: All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Trump reverses himself on… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1943: Jefferson Memorial dedicated on president's 200th birthday Fed Photo of the Day Work continues on Cannon Renewal Project Top Stories VA promises rapid solutions to problems exposed by ‘extremely disturbing’ IG report Top Story It’s uncertain who will be on the DoD chopping block with new government reforms Defense News How VA’s DC medical center endangered patients Tom Temin Commentary ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Workforce 3 years after Phoenix scandal, VA launches new online wait time tool Agency Oversight THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 13, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7042 -0.0178 1.73% L 2020 25.0919 -0.0534 2.91% L 2030 27.7499 -0.0978 4.13% L 2040 29.7740 -0.1252 4.73% L 2050 17.0171 -0.0829 5.28% G Fund 15.2891 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7770 0.0560 0.93% C Fund 32.3062 -0.2211 6.07% S Fund 41.9509 -0.3748 4.57% I Fund 26.2532 -0.0802 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Automotive » Global Report On Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021- Acute Market Reports Global Report On Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021- Acute Market Reports By Anurag   /   Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 09:31PM   /   Comments Off on Global Report On Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021- Acute Market Reports   /   21 views share WinterGreen Research announces that it has published a new study Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems Market, Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2015-2021. Next generation commercial drones achieve a complete replacement of existing commercial airfreight delivery systems, they are used for 3D mapping, commercial pipeline observation, border patrol, package delivery, photography, and agriculture are more energy efficient, last longer and have a significantly lower cost of operation than manned aircraft. Drones markets promise to grow significantly because of the more economical visualization and navigation provided by systems. Visualization includes mapping from the air, inspection from the air, surveillance from the air, and package delivery from the air. The unmanned aircraft equipped with cameras are able to do things that cannot be done in any other way. This bodes well for market development. Unmanned aircraft systems promise to achieve a more significant aspect of commercial market presence. Army Unmanned Aircraft Systems flying of 3 million flight hours gives drones market credibility. Eighty eight percent of those hours were logged in combat situations in Iraq and Afghanistan, paving the way for commercial drone markets to develop. Quantities of fielded systems increase as application usefulness increases. Police departments, the oil and gas industry, border patrol, and utilities are all using commercial drones. Units are used for agriculture. Vendors continue to improve the capabilities of these drone aircraft as more air miles are logged. Their ability to support the commercial endeavors is increasing. Unmanned aircraft have fundamentally changed the accuracy of utility and oil and gas inspections. They are set to fundamentally change how agriculture is conducted. Japan and Australia have been using drones in agriculture since the 1980s. Worldwide markets are evolving for several compelling applications. High value crops are a target of agricultural robotic development. What could be tastier than a strawberry, perfectly formed, and perfectly ripened? New agricultural robots are able to improve the delivery of consistent quality food, and to implement efficiency in managing food production. For Complete Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market Strawberries are a high profit crop. A new generation of drones has just been born. Strawberry spraying with the world’s most advanced technology is able to give maximum performance to a farm. Harvesting robots can use pictures from drones to optimize the productivity of the farming business by determining fruit ripeness from the air. Growers can get the best results in a berry farm using automated process. Automated picking collection systems improve labor productivity, give speed and agility to harvest operations. The robotic platforms are capable of site-specific spraying. The capability is targeted spraying only on foliage and selected targets. It can be used for selective harvesting of fruit. The robots detect the fruit, sense its ripeness, then move to grasp and softly detach only ripe fruit. Drone commercial uses will provide billions of dollars in economic growth. Centers of excellence are evolving worldwide. For the most part, open-use policies are in effect worldwide. Except in the US, Drones are currently mostly banned in the US. The US is more restrictive, it could take months, even years before the FAA offers preliminary guidelines on the commercial use of unmanned aircraft systems Commercial drones are set to build highways in the sky. The market will only evolve past the early adopter stage after the industry finds ways to build navigation infrastructure that is safe and that works. Roads in the sky will create altitude differences that function as bridges to separate the drones from each other when they are flying at angles to each other. This type of navigation needs to be defined by industry standards groups, much as the software industry has been able to develop industry stands that provide the base for a market, so also, the commercial drone manufacturers need to come together with representatives from each company and from all the governments to decide on the highways in the sky. Another aspect of commercial drone markets is the safety issue. If drones become so prevalent that they fall out of the sky on people or homes, this becomes a problem for the people hit or the people who own the homes that are destroyed. As the air crashes from so long ago in the 1920’s to yesterday illustrate, people are deterred from commercial drone use by air crashes. Crashes can virtually destroy what is promising to be a burgeoning industry of commercial drones. The drone industry is going to need to find a way to prevent injuries on the ground before anyone will support the burgeoning industry in any significant way. In unpopulated areas like to Alaskan oil fields oil pipelines, and utility high wires, there is plenty of space for the drones to make a market. In vast agricultural land areas, drones promise to be able to be used without any danger to humans. The drones create new uses for automated process. The drones are less expensive than manned vehicles and more useful. They are useful in agricultural applications where the cameras are able to do spotting in a manner that is more efficient than the humans can do. Unmanned aircraft systems are achieving a level of relatively early maturity. Fleets of unmanned aircraft systems have begun to evolve. The U.S. Army has achieved one million flight hours for its unmanned aircraft systems fleet. Unmanned aerial systems have good handling characteristics. UAS units are designed to perform high-speed, long-endurance, more covert, multi-mission intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) and precision-strike missions over land or sea. Drone units feature a variety of internal loads, including 2,000 lb payload, an Electro-optical/Infrared (EO/IR) sensor, and an all-weather GA-ASI Lynx® synthetic aperture radar/ground moving target indicator (SAR/GMTI), maximizing long loiter capabilities. UAS offers the business persistent situational awareness and mission affordability. For the cost of one manned fighter aircraft, multiple-swarm configured units can cover an area of interest, providing 24/7 ISR coverage, target identification, neutralization, mission flexibility, and attrition tolerance. Some drone UAS have the capability to support manned aircraft missions if desired. For Complete Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market Table Es-1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems Functions Have good range Have good remote handling characteristics designed to perform high-speed missions Have long-endurance Achieve covert operations Provide unmanned multi-mission intelligence Provide unmanned multi-mission surveillance Provide unmanned multi-mission reconnaissance (ISR) Achieve precision-strike missions Work over land Work over sea Drones markets promise to grow significantly because of the better visualization provided by systems. Visualization includes mapping from the air, inspection from the air, surveillance from the air, and package delivery from the air. The unmanned aircraft equipped with cameras are able to do things that cannot be done in any other way. This bodes well for market development. Unmanned aircraft systems promise to achieve a more significant aspect of commercial market presence. Army Unmanned Aircraft Systems flying of 3 million flight hours gives drones market credibility. Eighty eight percent of those hours were logged in combat situations in Iraq and Afghanistan. According to Susan Eustis, leader of the team that prepared the study, â€œQuantities of fielded systems increase. Police departments, the oil and gas industry, border patrol, and utilities are all using commercial drones. Units are used for agriculture. Vendors continue to improve the capabilities of these drone aircraft. Their ability to support the commercial endeavors is increasing. Unmanned aircraft have fundamentally changed the accuracy of utility and oil and gas inspections. They are set to fundamentally change how agriculture is conducted.â€ Unmanned aerial systems (UAS) markets at $609 million in 2014 are forecast to reach $4.8 billion dollars, worldwide by 2021. This is a sizable market growth with oil and gas mapping, utility line inspection, package delivery, and agricultural applications accounting for virtually all the unit sales. Drones can provide more information at less cost than a human inspection team can. Market Leaders Lockheed Martin Textron Boeing / Insitu Northrop Grumman Draganflyer AeroVironment Market Participants AeroVironment ASN Technologies Aurora Flight BAE Systems Boeing Challis UAV Inc. China Aerospace Draganflyer Finmeccanica General Atomics Google Integrated Dynamics L-3 Communications Laser Motive Lockheed Martin Marcus UAV MMist Northrop Grumman Parrot/senseFly Proxy Technologies Scaled Composites Schiebel Textroni For Same Category Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/automotive-market Commercial Drones, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Executive Summary 33 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 33 Commercial Drone UAS Challenges 39 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 40 Commercial Drone Infrastructure Standards 44 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 45 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 47 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Total Forecasts 48 1. Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Description and Market Dynamics 50 1.1 Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Description 50 1.1.1 US FAA Issues 51 1.1.2 Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) 52 1.2 Pre-Position UASs in Key Strategic Locations 52 1.2.1 Maritime Air Take-Off and Landing: 53 1.2.2 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Aerial Refueling 53 1.2.3 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Enhanced Capability and Payloads 53 1.2.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Enhanced Resilience 55 1.2.5 Small and Micro-UASs 55 1.2.6 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Perimeter Surveillance 56 1.2.7 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UASs) Surveillance 56 1.3 Georeferenced Imagery 58 1.3.1 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Traffic Monitoring 59 1.3.2 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Agriculture Mapping 60 1.3.3 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Homeland Security 61 1.3.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) for Scientific Research 63 1.4 Globalization and Technology 65 1.4.1 Proliferation of Conventional Military Technologies 65 1.4.2 UASs General Roles 65 1.5 Border Patrol: 66 1.6 Development Of Lighter Yet More Powerful Power Sources For UASs 67 2. Commercial Drones, Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares and Forecasts 68 2.1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 68 2.1.1 UAS Challenges 74 2.1.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) 75 2.1.3 Commercial Drone Infrastructure Standards 78 2.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 79 2.2.1 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 83 2.2.2 BP and AeroVironment Launch FAA-Approved, Commercial Unmanned Aircraft Operations 84 For Full Toc Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/commercial-unmanned-aerial-systems-market 2.2.3 AeroVironment’s Extensive Operational Track Record 86 2.2.4 AeroVironment $11.2 Million Order for Raven Unmanned Aircraft Systems and Services 86 2.2.5 Textron /AAI 87 2.2.6 Textron Shadow® 90 2.2.7 Aurora Flight Sciences Odysseus Solar-Powered Aircraft 91 2.2.8 Insitu 91 2.2.9 Draganflyer X4 UAV 92 2.2.10 Boeing Insitu 92 2.2.11 DRS Unmanned Technologies Ground Control Stations 93 2.2.12 Proxy Aviation Systems 93 2.2.13 Northrop Grumman Bat 3 93 2.2.14 General Atomics Predator® UAS 94 2.2.15 General Atomics Predator® B UAS 96 2.2.16 Border Patrol / Law Enforcement Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 97 2.2.17 Package Delivery Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares, 98 2.2.18 Google Package Delivery 99 2.2.19 Utility and Pipeline Inspection Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 100 2.2.20 Agricultural Inspection and Planting Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 104 2.2.21 Yamaha RMAX 106 2.2.22 Photography and Videography Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Market Shares 109 2.3 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 110 2.3.1 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Total Forecasts 111 2.3.2 Small Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 114 2.3.1 Mid-Size Commercial Drone Unmanned Aircraft Market Forecasts 117 2.3.1 Small and Mid Size Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems 120 2.3.2 Commercial Drone Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), Market Forecasts by Sector 121 2.3.3 Commercial Drone UAS Wing Based Subsegments 131 2.4 Unmanned Aerial Systems Payloads 131 2.4.1 Composites Key to UAV Utility 132 2.5 Unmanned Airplane Regional Market Analysis 133 2.5.1 U.S Accounts for 73 Percent Of The Worldwide Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) Spending On UAV Technology 135 2.5.2 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Industry Regional Summary 136 2.5.3 UAS Marketplace Moving Target 138 2.5.4 China 138 3. Drones: Commercial Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Product Description 139 3.1 AeroVironment 139 3.1.1 BP and AeroVironment Launch FAA-Approved, Commercial Unmanned Aircraft Operations 139 3.1.2 AeroVironment and Commercial UAV 144 3.1.3 AeroVironment AV’s Family of Small UAS 146 3.1.4 AeroVironment Raven 147 3.2 Textron Aerosonde 148 3.2.1 Textron / Aerosonde AAI Services 151 3.2.2 Textron Systems AAI 153 3.2.3 Textron Systems AAI RQ-7B Shadow® Tactical UAS Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) 154 3.2.4 Textron Systems AAI Shadow® Tactical Unmanned Aircraft System (TUAS) 155 3.2.5 AAI Shadow 400 Unmanned Aircraft Deployed With Allied Naval Forces 156 3.2.6 Textron Systems AAI Shadow 600 System 157 3.2.7 Textron 158 3.2.8 Textron Shadow® Reconnaissance, Surveillance 160 3.2.9 Textron Shadow® M2 162 3.2.10 Textron UAS Support 163 3.2.11 Textron UAS Training 165 3.2.12 Textron Systems AAI Ground Control Stations 166 3.2.13 Textron Systems AAI Remote Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Terminals 167 3.2.14 Textron Systems AAI / Aerosonde® 169 3.2.15 Textron Systems AAI and Aeronautics Orbiter™ 169 3.2.16 Textron Systems AAI Ground Control Stations 170 3.2.17 Textron Systems AAI Remote Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Terminals 170 3.2.18 Textron Systems AAI One System Remote Video Terminal 171 3.2.19 Textron Systems AAI Tactical Sensor Intelligence Sharing System 171 3.2.20 Textron Systems Wasp Micro Air Vehicle (MAV) 173 3.2.21 Textron Systems Homeland Security 173 3.2.22 Nano Air Vehicle 177 3.3 Boeing 178 3.3.1 Boeing A160 Hummingbird Helicopter 178 3.3.2 Boeing Condor Unmanned Aerial Vehicle 180 3.3.3 Boeing ScanEagle Small Footprint UAS Solutions 181 3.4 BAE Systems 187 3.4.1 BAE Systems Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) 187 3.4.2 BAE Systems Compact Rotary Wing/UAV LDRF 188 3.4.3 BAE Systems Herti 188 3.4.4 BAE Systems Image Collection and Exploitation (ICE) Sensor Management System 190 3.4.5 BAE Systems Mantis 192 3.4.6 BAE Systems MIM500™ Series of Uncooled Infrared Camera Cores 196 3.4.7 BAE Systems Taranis 199 3.4.8 BAE Systems Taranis – Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV) 200 3.4.9 BAE Systems Telemos 201 Request For The Free Sample: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/35396 3.5 Aurora Flight Sciences Hale 203 3.5.1 Aurora SKATE – Small Unmanned Aircraft System 203 3.5.2 Aurora’s Advanced Concepts: SunLight Eagle – Green Flight 204 3.5.3 Aurora’s Excalibur 204 3.5.4 Aurora GoldenEye 80 – Small, Capable Surveillance UAS 205 3.5.5 Aurora’s Advanced Concepts: UHATF 206 3.5.6 Aurora Flight Sciences Orion 210 3.5.7 Aurora Flight Sciences Odysseus Solar-Powered Aircraft 212 3.5.8 Aurora Flight Sciences Orion HALL 212 3.5.9 Aurora Flight Sciences Earth Science Applications 212 3.5.10 Aurora Small Unmanned Aerial Systems 217 3.5.11 Aurora Flight Sciences Skate 218 3.5.12 Aurora Tactical Systems 219 3.5.13 Aurora Diamond DA42 MPP 220 3.5.14 Aurora Excalibur 223 3.5.15 Aurora GoldenEye 50 227 3.5.16 Aurora GoldenEye 80 228 3.5.17 System Description 230 3.6 L-3 Communications UAS APEX Programs 232 3.6.1 L-3 Communications Next Generation Precision Unmanned Aircraft Systems 234 3.6.2 L-3 Communications Small Expendable Tube-Launched UAS 234 3.6.3 L-3’s Mid-Tier UAS Programs 239 3.6.4 L-3 Communications Medium Altitude Long Endurance Unmanned Or Manned – Mobius 241 3.6.5 L-3 Communications Cutlass 244 3.6.6 L-3 Unmanned Systems’ Viking 100 Runway Operations 246 3.6.7 L-3 Communications Viking 300 Runway Operations 249 3.6.8 L-3 Communications Viking 400 250 3.6.9 L-3 Communications TigerShark 252 3.6.10 L-3 Communications Generation IV Ground Control Station 256 3.6.11 L-3 Communications On-board Precision Automated Landing System (O-PALS) 258 3.6.12 L-3 Communications ISR Services 260 3.6.13 L-3 Communications System Integration and Technical Support 261 3.7 Challis Heliplane UAV Inc. 261 3.8 Draganfly Innovations Inc. 265 3.8.1 Draganflyer Guardian 265 3.8.2 Draganfly X4 266 3.8.3 Draganflyer X6 272 3.8.4 Draganflyer Aerial Photography & Video Applications 274 3.8.5 Draganflyer Real Estate Applications 275 3.8.6 Draganflyer Law Enforcement Applications 276 3.8.7 Draganflyer X8 279 3.9 DRS Unmanned Technologies Ground Control Stations 281 3.9.1 DRS Aircraft Monitoring Unit (AMU) 282 3.10 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI) Claw® Sensor Control 283 3.10.1 GA-ASI Athena RF Tag 290 3.10.2 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems GA – Predator® UAS 291 3.10.3 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems GA – Gray Eagle™ UAS 293 3.11 Boeing / Insitu / Commercial 295 3.11.1 Insitu Arctic Ice Floe Monitoring 297 3.11.2 Insitu Mammal Monitoring 297 3.11.3 Insitu Pipeline Surveys 298 3.11.4 Insitu Power-Line Inspections 298 3.11.5 Insitu Geomagnetic Surveys 299 3.11.6 Insitu Commercial Fishing 299 3.11.7 Insitu Public Safety 299 3.11.8 Insitu Disaster Response 300 3.11.9 Insitu Search and Rescue 301 3.11.10 Insitu Port and Border Security 301 3.11.11 Insitu Communications Relay 302 3.11.12 Insitu Over-the-Horizon Sensing 302 3.11.13 Insitu Counter-Narcotics 303 3.11.14 Insitu Offshore Base 304 3.11.15 Insitu Defense 304 3.11.16 Insitu Payload Systems 305 3.11.17 Insitu Force Protection 306 3.11.18 Insitu Combined Arms 306 3.11.19 Insitu Research Future of UAS Operations and Technology 307 3.11.20 Insitu ICOMC2 Streamline Process 308 3.11.21 Insitu ICOMC2’s Breakthrough Technology Extends Drone Capabilities 309 3.11.22 Boeing / Insitu ScanEagle 313 3.11.23 Insitu Integrator 314 3.11.24 Insitu NightEagle 316 3.12 Integrated Dynamics 317 3.12.1 Integrated Dynamics Skycam 317 3.12.2 Integrated Dynamics Pride 319 3.12.3 Integrated Dynamics Spirit 321 3.12.4 Integrated Dynamics Border Eagle MK – II 324 3.12.5 Integrated Dynamics Hornet 325 3.12.6 Integrated Dynamics HAWK MK – V 326 3.12.7 Integrated Dynamics VISION UAV systems 327 3.12.8 Integrated Dynamics VISION MK I 329 3.12.9 Integrated Dynamics Vision M K – I I 330 3.12.10 Integrated Dynamics S/Integrated Dynamics Integrated Dynamics M K – I 331 3.12.11 Integrated Dynamics Vector 332 3.12.12 Integrated Dynamics Tornado 333 3.12.13 Integrated Dynamics Nishan MK – II 333 3.12.14 Integrated Dynamics Nishan TJ – 1000 334 3.12.15 Integrated Dynamics Rover 335 3.12.16 Integrated Dynamics Explorer 336 3.13 MMIST Mist Mobility 336 3.13.1 MMist Unmanned Logistics Air Vehicle (ULAV) 340 3.13.2 Sherpa Ranger / MMist 342 3.14 Marcus UAV Systems 350 3.14.1 Marcus Autopilots 352 3.15 Proxy Aviation Systems 353 3.15.1 Proxy PROTEUS™ 353 3.15.2 Proxy PACS 354 3.15.3 The Proxy Autonomous Control Suite (PACS™) Virtual Pilot / Virtual Operator 355 3.15.4 Proxy Cooperative Control/UDMS 356 3.15.5 Proxy SkyRaider 359 3.16 LaserMotive 362 3.16.1 LaserMotive UAV Power Links 362 3.16.2 LaserMotive Teams with Germany’s Ascending Technologies 362 3.17 China Aerospace Science & Industry Corp Jet-Powered WJ600 363 3.17.1 Chinese Naval UAS 368 3.18 ASN Technology Group 368 3.19 Boeing X-37B Space Shuttle 369 3.20 Northrop Grumman / Scaled Composites 371 3.20.1 Proteus 371 3.21 Schiebel Camcopter S-100 371 3.21.1 Schiebel Camcopter Target Markets: 372 3.22 Parrot AR.Drone 2.0 $299, Flies Off a Roof 373 3.23 Google 374 3.23.1 Google Loon 375 3.23.2 Google Loon Balloon Project 377 3.23.3 Google Titan Aerospace 379 3.24 Facebook 381 3.25 Outernet Beamed Via Satellite 381 3.25.1 Outernet Mobile Cloud Network Infrastructure 384 3.26 Lockheed Martin Expeditionary Ground Control System 384 3.26.1 Lockheed Martin Integrated Sensor Is Structure (ISIS) 386 3.26.2 Lockheed Martin Integrated Sensor IS Structure (ISIS) Concept of Operations 387 3.26.3 Lockheed Martin K-MAX Unmanned Helicopter 389 3.26.4 Lockheed Martin K-MAX Used By Commercial Operators 391 3.26.5 Lockheed Martin ARES 392 3.26.6 Lockheed Martin Desert Hawk III 394 3.26.7 Lockheed Martin Fury 395 3.26.8 Lockheed Martin Expeditionary Ground Control System 397 3.26.9 Lockheed Martin Remote Minehunting System 399 3.26.10 Lockheed Martin Marlin 400 3.26.11 Lockheed Martin Persistent Threat Detection System 402 3.26.12 Lockheed Martin Stalker UAS Package Delivery 404 3.26.13 Lockheed Martin Stalker Droppable Payload 405 3.27 Northrop Grumman 407 3.27.1 Northrop Grumman MLB Company 407 3.27.2 Northrop Grumman.Bat 3 408 3.27.3 Northrop Grumman BAT 4 UAV 410 3.27.4 Northrop Grumman V-BAT UAV 413 3.27.5 Northrop Grumman Super Bat with Piccolo II Autopilot and TASE Gimbal 416 3.27.6 Northrop Grumman Unmanned Aerial Systems 418 3.27.7 Northrop Grumman Bat Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) 419 3.27.8 Northrop Grumman Firebird 421 3.27.9 Northrop Grumman Persistent Multiple Intelligence Gathering Air System 421 3.27.10 Northrop Grumman M324 UAS (Unmanned Aerial System) 422 3.27.11 Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Block 20 Global Hawk 423 3.27.12 Northrop Grumman Drone Program Overview 423 3.27.13 Northrop Grumman Block 20 Global Hawk Specification 424 3.27.14 Northrop Grumman Euro Hawk® 424 3.27.15 Northrop Grumman Triton 426 3.27.16 Northrop Grumman’s MQ-4C Triton Program: 426 3.27.17 Northrop Grumman Common Mission Management System (CMMS) 428 3.27.18 Northrop Grumman Solution 429 3.27.19 Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Global Hawk 430 3.27.20 Northrop Grumman Global Hawk (U.S. Air Force) RQ-4 Programs 430 3.27.21 Northrop Grumman GHMD (U.S. Navy 434 3.27.22 NASA Global Hawk (NASA Dryden) 434 3.27.23 NATO AGS (U.S. and Allied Nations) 438 3.27.24 Northrop Grumman X-47B UCAS 442 3.27.25 Northrop Grumman Fire-X Medium-Range Vertical Unmanned Aircraft System 443 3.28 General Atomics ® UAS 445 3.28.1 General Atomics Predator® B UAS 446 3.28.2 General Atomics Gray Eagle™ UAS 449 3.28.3 General Atomics Predator Jet Performance C Avenger® UAS 452 3.28.4 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems MQ-1B Predator 455 About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Name: Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation: Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Share this: Share on Tumblr Iodoethane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor < Previous Global Robots Market, Shares, Strategies and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2014 to 2020 Next > Recommended stories you may like: Europe Forestry Tractor Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Trends, Forecast to 2021 Industrial Gearbox Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor System Infrastructure Software Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Vacuum Truck Body Manufacturing Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Global Synchronous Condenser Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market ReportsApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Global Synchronous Condenser Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Global Tennis Bags Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market ReportsApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Global Tennis Bags Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017-Acute Market Reports Global Tennis Balls Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market ReportsApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Global Tennis Balls Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Global Tennis Racquets Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017- Acute Market ReportsApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Global Tennis Racquets Market Dynamics, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand 2017- Acute Market Reports BOD Incubators Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on BOD Incubators Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Blotting Reagents Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Blotting Reagents Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Blotting Paper Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Blotting Paper Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Borescopes Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Borescopes Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Tennis Strings Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market ReportsApr 13, 2017, Comments Off on Global Tennis Strings Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports experts advice for Sodium Hydrosulfite Market – Global Industry Analysis, Competitive Strategies Latest Market Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2024Apr 13, 2017, Comments Off on experts advice for Sodium Hydrosulfite Market – Global Industry Analysis, Competitive Strategies Latest Market Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2024 Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Thursday, Apr 13, 2017 Search Archive Chinese Chinese Japanese French Spanish Russian Arabic Korea German Portuguese HomeOpinionsBusinessMilitaryWorldSocietyCultureTravelScienceSportsSpecial CoveragePhotoVideo English>> Launch of satellite marks new communications era (China Daily)    08:21, April 13, 2017 Shijian 13, China's most advanced communications satellite, is launched at the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in Sichuan province on Wednesday.[Photo/Xinhua] Technology makes transmission of high-resolution video possible China launched its most advanced communications satellite at 7:04 pm on Wednesday, marking the start of the country's large-capacity communications network in space. Shijian 13, which was developed by the China Academy of Space Technology and based on its DFH-3B communications satellite platform, was lifted atop by a Long March 3B carrier rocket from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in Sichuan province. The satellite, which weighs 4.6 metric tons, is expected to stay for 15 years in a geostationary orbit about 36,000 kilometers above Earth, the academy said. The satellite features a Ka-band broadband communications system capable of transmitting 20 gigabytes of data per second, making it the most powerful communications satellite the nation has developed. Zhao Jian, a space program official at the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, which oversees China's space programs, said the transmission capacity of Shijian 13 exceeds the total capacity of all of the country's previous communications satellites. He said that in addition to its communications missions, the satellite will also be tasked with conducting space-to-ground laser communications experiments. Zhou Zhicheng, head of the China Academy of Space Technology's Institute of Telecommunication Satellite, said Shijian 13 would use electric propulsion after it enters orbit, which will extensively reduce the chemical fuel the satellite carries. Currently, most satellites rely on chemical propulsion, which requires a lot of fuel that occupies a large proportion of carrying capacity, and restricts the number and weight of scientific instruments a satellite can carry. Zhou said Shijian 13 is able to cover most parts of China's land territory and will help to enable passengers on jetliners and high-speed trains to use the internet. The use of Ka-band broadband allows Shijian 13 to transmit high-resolution video, a feature that previous Chinese satellites do not have. In addition, the Ka-band handheld devices are smaller and more portable than those based on other frequencies, which means they are more convenient to carry and use, Zhou said. He added that developing nations have huge demand for DFH-3B-based communications satellites such as Shijian 13, not only because of its capability, but also because it can accommodate various kinds of equipment in accordance with clients' requirements. The academy has made seven communications satellites for overseas users, including Pakistan, Venezuela and Laos, and is finalizing export contracts for more than 10 such satellites, he said. However, Zhou said China still needs to catch up with the top developers of communications satellites in the United States and Europe, such as Boeing and Thales Alenia Space, when it comes to satellite technology and capacity. In response, the country will develop several new types of advanced communications satellites, including multimedia broadcasting satellites and ultra-large-capacity broadband satellites, he said. In June, the Shijian 18 communications satellite, the first to be developed based on China's new-generation DFH-5 satellite platform, will be launched by a Long March 5 heavy-lift rocket at the Wenchang Space Launch Center in Hainan province, according to Zhao. He said the overall capability of the Shijian 18 will be better than that of all communications satellites currently used by other nations, and its service will improve internet connectivity and accessibility for Chinese users as well as reduce users' costs. China now operates 16 communications satellites, according to Zhou. (For the latest China news, Please follow People's Daily on Twitter and Facebook) (Web editor: Hongyu, Bianji) Add your comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read 1 "If we cannot beat our competitors, we beat our customers":… 2 Bleeding 69-year-old United Airlines passenger got dragged … 3 First China-bound direct freight train leaves London 4 Xi Jinping's quotes on the Sino-US relationship 5 ‘China’s BattleBots’ tournament eyes global domination Hot News Chinese company to test world's first single-passenger drone in US 7 Chinese creations that amaze the world Woman with cancer stays optimistic by keeping a diary South China Sea Fleet conduct anti-piracy drill in Indian Ocean Magnificent Tianhetan waterfall We Recommend Top 10 livable Chinese cities Commentary: U.S. display of military power act of hegemony China's first intelligent security robot debuts in Chongqing Asia's longest and highest suspension bridge to open to traffic Cordyceps diggers camp out on Chinese plateau Photos Who Will Fit The Chinese Roles In Game Of Thrones? China's Hubei Shennongjia added to World Heritage List Cute Dog At Fruit Stand Becomes Latest Internet Sensation Top 10 livable Chinese cities The last primitive tribe in China China's first intelligent security robot debuts in Chongqing A Total of 3,552 Subscribers Vanish In Two Days; YouTube Closes All Doors to Users’ Inquiries Out of this world! Futuristic UFO-shaped yacht has its own garden and a stunning underwater viewing deck An old tea house in Chengdu Furious Customer Crushes All the Buns from Vendor Just Because He Was Given the Wrong Flavor Links: Beijing TodayCRI EnglishSINA EnglishGlobal TimesChinadaily.com.cn Taiwan.cn Ecns.cn Show ChinaChina Human RightsChina XinjiangTibet Online CCTV Beijing Review GMW.cn China Economic Net China Tibet Online Qiushi JournalWomen of China Consulate General in New York About People's Daily Online | Join Us | Contact Us people.cn © People's Daily Online
Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed – Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 17 C Harare Friday, April 14, 2017 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home Opinion Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed Opinion Popular Letter from America: If South Africa goes, we are doomed Apr 13, 2017 0 974 By Ken Mufuka My research interest was in finding the Methodist connection with early African nationalism. From South Africa came Enoch Sontonga, a Shangani who bequeathed to us the anthem: Nkosi Sikelela iAfrica. Another giant who walked on this earth was Chief Albert Lithuli, president of the African National Congress (ANC), 1952-1967. Born in Zimbabwe at Hope Fountain Mission, Lithuli and his widowed mother settled at Endendale Methodist Mission in Natal. Both served as teachers and lay pastors in the Methodist faith. Lithuli biographer says that he was intolerant of hatred and adamant that the struggle for human dignity in South Africa should follow a non-violent path. His book, Let My People Go (1960) was regarded as offering a bridge between his native African culture and the Eurocentric culture, which dominated the world at the time. His acceptance of the Nobel Peace Prize (1960) further alienated the Dutch racists in South Africa, who plotted his murder. It was Lithuli’s insistence against hatred of the Dutch racists that led to a breach in the ANC and the formation of the Pan Africanist Congress (PAC). The PAC’s appeal to the African youth was the belief that the only thing that a Dutchman understood was a bullet in the head. Here is the connection between the old and the new, personified in the person of South African President Jacob Zuma whose appeal and ideology, solidified in the Umkonto weSizwe, is expressed in his anthem: Bring me my machine gun. None of my hosts were familiar with Sontongo and Chief Lithuli who seemed to them like shadowy figures in the distant past. My taxi driver was enthusiastic about Zuma and was acquainted with the Economic Freedom Fighters. Events in South Africa inexorably diverted my attention to the bitter narrative that hangs on Zuma like an albatross. The narrative is that blacks (called Bantus in whispers) are indifferent to economic husbandry and that anybody other than an African will do well to handle the treasury. Therefore, the presence of Pravin Gordhan, of Asian origin, at the South African treasury, was a must, otherwise one day South Africa will wake up to find the treasury has been emptied. Gordhan made his entry into South African politics through the Natal Indian Congress, an offshoot of Mahatma Gandhi’s Indian Congress. If there is truth in this supposedly self-evident truth, and South Africa goes the way of Zimbabwe, then Africa is doomed. One of my hosts was a youngish white business couple that had migrated to Australia, in their wisdom, to escape the coming doom. They confirmed that there was a huge “capital migration” from South Africa — he was, but one example. Zuma has been implicated in the defence procurement scandals of 1999. When his financial advisor, Shabir Shaik, was thrown in jail for corruption in 2005, then president Thabo Mbeki removed Zuma from the vice presidency of the Republic. Zuma’s trial in 2006 for sexual abuse lasted several months further blackening his name. The Zulus have a different interpretation. There was bad blood between Mbeki and Zuma partly because Mbeki took liberties (assumed to be of a sexual nature) with Nkosazana Zuma (Zuma’s wife) who was foreign minister then. Mbeki, who saw himself as a philosopher king, despised Zuma, whose formal education is, but a bare thread. Zuma, married to four wives and with 20 children, claims to have a philosophy. This is the heart of the contention, that Afrocentric leaders are incapable of appreciating a constitutional form of government, which places limits on the ruler. That these nepotistic politicians serve their families and friends comes with the territory. State of Capture is a report by the Public Protector on the relationship between Zuma, son Duduzane and three Indian migrants, the Guptas. Within a short time, the Gupta brothers acquired a bank, a television station and an investment instrument. It is their non-transparent financial transactions that have provoked a crisis of confidence in the country itself. The Public Protector concluded that their influence on the Zuma family amounts to a stranglehold and that affairs of State are filtered through this nefarious family first, by-passing State institutions and the ANC. One example will suffice. Vytjie Mentor claimed that she was offered a job by the Guptas on condition she cancelled the South African Airways (SAA) flights to India. This story explains why Nick Bezuidenhout (35) a whiz kid at SAA was forced to leave and also why the parastatal engaged in unprofitable ventures. SAA’s collaboration with Lufthansa is profitable to the Germans, but drains passengers away from SAA. A Charlotte-Johannesburg ticket bought through SAA costs US$1 000 more than one bought through Lufthansa. As a result, a SAA 350-seat 747 Boeing from Munich to Johannesburg had less than 100 passengers. The Public Protector cites examples of similar style management at the electricity commission (Eskom) where Gupta Teget officials are in an incestuous relationship with Eskom managers. The narrative surrounding the management of South African parastatals reads like an old story to Zimbabweans. Eskom is like ZESA Holdings. SAA is like Air Zimbabwe. South African Railways is like the National Railways of Zimbabwe (NRZ). Let us start by sending a girlfriend or a relative to such and such parastatal. Just for the heck of it, we can send another relative of a chef to ZESA. At NRZ, the board chairperson, Alvord Mabhena is informed by the national radio that he has been replaced by someone else. I woke up in Munich. It was all a dream. TAGS Enoch Sontonga Jacob Zuma Ken Mufuka Thabo Mbeki Previous articleI want my goblins: Sangoma threatens prophet who took them Next articleFormer Bulawayo deputy mayor challenges dismissal at High Court Esther Gomo RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR South Africa mourns the death of Ontlametse Phalatse Zuma unfazed by opposition South African President Jacob Zuma: Protesters racists Most Read Today Miracle Op at Mpilo hospital. . . Surgeons remove axe buried in man’s head 4,924 views | 15 comments Wife shot in hostage drama 2,492 views | 0 comments Gemma Griffiths shines with Mdhara Vachauya cover 1,889 views | 1 comment Chidzambwa in accident 1,612 views | 4 comments I’m raring to go: Tsvangirai 1,462 views | 0 comments Follow us on Facebook EDITOR PICKS The 11 best players to play inside Zimbabwe: Charlie’s Angels Apr 14, 2017 Daring duo break into police station…. steal cops’ payslips.. apply for... Apr 14, 2017 Nigeria anti-corruption agency ‘finds $43m in Lagos flat’ Apr 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS Baby tortured by maid in Uganda still alive Nov 22, 2014 I am not white: Zanu PF MP Mar 26, 2017 South Africa’s President Jacob Zuma sacks finance minister Mar 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News25453 Politics6762 Opinion4153 Popular3925 Sports3821 Local3633 Showbiz3305 Crimes & Courts3305 Business2587 ABOUT USWhatsapp +263-773-011-022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 13 April 2017 by Military News World Nanosensor Market – Opportunities and Forecasts to 2022 – Key Players are Dow Corning, Samsung, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Applied Nanotech, IBM, Motorola & Agilent – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „World Nanosensor Market – Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014 – 2022” report to their offering. Nanosensors are made with the help of chemical, biological or surgical sensory points to transfer information regarding Nanoparticles that is used for organic studies. For the system optimization and for the detailed study of biology, Nanotechnology is most commonly used. Global Nanotechnology market is expected to reach 2.4Trillion by 2015. By understanding this market scenario, many manufacturers are proactively investing into R&D of Nanotechnology based products to grab initial market share of Nanotechnology adoption. Use of Nanosensor in medical industry helps to critically analyze the particular cell as it has capabilities to measure change in volume, displacement, concentration, velocity, electrical and magnetic forces, pressure or temperature of the cell. Some Nanosensors are able to distinguish between specific cells such as cancer cell at the molecular level. Due to all these advantages, adoption of Nanosensor is higher in healthcare industry and this adoption is acting as major driving fueling the market growth. Ethical and social impact of Nanosensor is both good and bad, as it has capability to deliver uncertainty and accurate information such as it detecting toxic material in water. However, the use of Nanosensor in surveillance devices is violating few of the privacy and security norms. Currently, there are few sensors available that support consumer electronics. These are key restraining factors limiting growth of the Nanomarket. Key companies that are profiled in the report are Dow Corning, Samsung, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc. IBM, Motorola and Agilent. Scope of the Report: BY TECHNOLOGY Top-Down Lithography Bottom-Up Assembly Molecular Self-Assembly BY APPLICATION Security, Surveillance and Military Biomedical and Healthcare Environmental Monitoring Food Management Others BY GEOGRAPHY North America Europe Asia-Pacific RoW For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/m5rtl3/world_nanosensor CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TIE Kinetix announces the Business-to-Government e-Invoicing add-on for Exact users Next PostNext Nasogastric Tube Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Demand and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts New Research Report Focused On World Irbesartan Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Horizontal Surface Pumps (HPS) Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report Dental Consumables Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Global Collaborative Robots Market to Grow at CAGR Of 60.3% to Forecast 2021 Including Key Players FANUC, KUKA, Universal Robots Global Market Report on Fungicides by size, share, development from 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
