Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Grimes & Company Inc. Raises Stake in Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Grimes & Company Inc. increased its position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 1.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 47,096 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 684 shares during the period. Grimes & Company Inc.’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $6,204,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares in the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $136,000. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $142,000. Finally, Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 25.5% in the second quarter. Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA now owns 1,155 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 235 shares in the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.25% during trading on Friday, reaching $159.10. 2,426,586 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $153.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $138.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $98.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $160.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. The business had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $2.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $7.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.57%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Grimes & Company Inc. Raises Stake in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/06/grimes-company-inc-raises-stake-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Vetr raised shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Argus boosted their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $147.85. In related news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Grimes & Company Inc. Raises Stake in Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Grimes & Company Inc. increased its position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 1.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 47,096 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 684 shares during the period. Grimes & Company Inc.’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $6,204,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 23.7% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 940 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 180 shares in the last quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 11.1% in the second quarter. Van Hulzen Asset Management LLC now owns 1,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $136,000. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in Boeing Company (The) during the second quarter worth about $142,000. Finally, Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA increased its stake in Boeing Company (The) by 25.5% in the second quarter. Kelly Lawrence W & Associates Inc. CA now owns 1,155 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 235 shares in the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.25% during trading on Friday, reaching $159.10. 2,426,586 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $153.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $138.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $98.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.31 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 52 week low of $102.10 and a 52 week high of $160.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. The business had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.73 billion. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $2.52 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Boeing Company will post $7.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $1.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.57%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 66.36%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Grimes & Company Inc. Raises Stake in Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was first published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/06/grimes-company-inc-raises-stake-in-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Vetr raised shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Argus boosted their price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $147.85. In related news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing logs $33 billion in December orders Boeing logs $33 billion in December orders Jan 6, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Gallery: This Week in Pictures: Jan. 2-6, 2017 Advertisement Boeing booked firm orders* for 289 commercial aircraft from 15 customers in December 2016, valued at approximately $32.6 billion at list prices. For 2016, Boeing’s gross commercial aircraft order total was 803 aircraft, valued at $108.6 billion at list prices. Taking full-year reported changes (cancellations) into account, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft through Dec. 31. In December, Boeing delivered 66 commercial aircraft to 31 airlines, five lessors and four unidentified customers. Boeing delivered 728 commercial aircraft* in 2016. An unidentified customer’s order for 100 737 MAX (variant unspecified) capped off the month’s bookings on Dec. 30, valued at approximately $11 billion. A separate unidentified customer placed an order Dec. 28 for 75 737 MAXs, valued at approximately $8.3 billion. A third unidentified customer placed an order for 61 737 MAXs Dec. 27, worth approximately $6.7 billion. All totaled, six unidentified customers ordered 264 737 MAXs; another four unidentified customers ordered 13 737-800s; and two additional unidentified customers ordered three 787-9s. UK leisure airline Jet2 ordered four 737-800s, valued at $384 million, Air Tanzania ordered a single 787-8 and Uzbekistan Airways ordered four 787-8s during the month. Boeing registered changes (cancellations) for 70 737s and 18 787s during the month, bringing the December net order total to 201. Boeing’s December deliveries included six 737-800s to Southwest Airlines; six aircraft to United Airlines (three 737-900ERs, two 777-300ERs and one 737-800); and three aircraft each to American Airlines (two 737-800s and a 787-9) and Dubai-based Emirates Airline (all 777-300ERs).  Additional 777-300ER deliveries during the month went to Kuwait Airways (which took two), and single deliveries of the model to Air China, US lessor Intrepid Aviation, and four separate unidentified customers. Additionally, Korean Air took delivery of a 777 freighter. Spanish carrier Air Europa took delivery of two 787-8s during the month. Colombia’s Avianca and Royal Air Maroc each took delivery of a single 787-8 as well. Additional 787-9 deliveries for December included one each of the model to Aeromexico, All Nippon Airways, British Airways, China’s Hainan Airlines, Japan Airlines and China’s Xiamen Airlines. Full-year 2016 and December 2016 orders and deliveries figures for Airbus are expected to be released Jan. 11. *Note: ATW does not count military, government or private customer orders or deliveries in its commercial aircraft tallies. All quoted order values are based on current list prices. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing December orders and deliveries roundup   Airbus, Boeing log nearly $62 billion in airliner deals at Farnborough   Boeing logs over $6 billion in April commercial aircraft orders   Airbus and Boeing December 2015 O&D Roundup   Airbus, Boeing September commercial aircraft orders top $11.1 billion   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 18 minutes ago Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid Latest Sports News SEE MORE Moore lifts No. 9 Louisville to 63-59 win over No. 14 Miami High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 36 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 1 hour ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Global Pet Foods Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Ancient Arts Aesthetics Home News Business Getting the axe at age 87 | Jan 06, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Getting the axe at age 87 Boeing engineer J.B. Forbes,St. Louis Post-Dispatch Bob King, 87, talks about how he and his wife, Donamay, raised six kids in the small home they have lived in for more than 50 years in Kirkwood, Mo. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Jesse Bogan KIRKWOOD, Mo. — The day the boss man finally came for Bob King was July 22. That day started out as routine. King stuffed a low-sodium breakfast and lunch into a brown sack and nosed his 2011 Toyota Camry north on Lindbergh Boulevard all the way to Boeing. The stalwart employee found a parking space on the sprawling lot near the airport and ambled to the front door, cane in hand. Then he went down a long hall to the elevator, up a few floors, across another hallway and a few more stairs to Building No. 32, where he settled into a cubicle. King, 87, ran his blue eyes over spreadsheets and databases. In his latest gig as a systems engineer in Off-Boeing Programs, he kept track of the labyrinth of regulations and directions on how to install new wings on the A-10 Warthog used by the U.S. Air Force. In his seat that memorable day last summer, a manager — about the age of King's children — tapped him on the shoulder. His career, which spanned more than a half-century of aerospace innovation, was coming to an end. "I got caught in a RIF," said King, perturbed. "You know what that is?" King was part of a reduction in force at the $97 billion behemoth. All of a sudden, he had 60 days to prepare for retirement and pass along parting knowledge. There had been celebrations for him throughout his tenure, marking 40 years of service, 45 and 50. In September, after 53 years with Boeing, a cake-cutting marked his forced retirement. A layoff, even this late in life, stings. King was one of the oldest of 14,000 Boeing employees in the St. Louis area. Yet he still sounded a little bitter. Then he yielded. "God knew I was never going to retire and he said, 'I have news for you,'" said King, a devout member of Trinity Lutheran Church. "I'd have worked forever." And so King has come home to Kirkwood. He and his wife, Donamay, live in a ranch home with three bedrooms and one bath. They bought it in 1964 for $18,500 and raised six children there born within a span of seven years. While Bob chipped away at missiles and electronic equipment, Donamay ran the packed home on Cherry Street. "Some guys will do anything to get out of the house and get out of yard work," Donamay, finally coming out to talk, said laughing. "He's a workaholic with airplanes and other stuff. Nothing around here." They met as children in a rural area near Toledo, Ohio, where at times they grew up without running water. Sometimes he cut asparagus and picked tomatoes for Donamay's father, who had a vegetable and fruit business. "Maybe my dad was a little bit like my husband because my dad just worked and worked and worked. So did my mom," Donamay said. "Sometimes he was so tired, he'd be sitting there eating an apple and he'd fall asleep. He was a good guy." Bob King was valedictorian of his high school class of 18 students, according to a newspaper clip. He studied engineering at the University of Toledo and taught radar repair in the Marine Corps. Starting in the 1950s, he cut his teeth for a decade at Convair in San Diego by helping develop flight control systems for the F-102 Delta Dagger and F-106 Delta Dart. "Those were good days when I would go out and work on the aircraft and go down to production and teach them how to rig the flight control," he said. Upon moving to St. Louis in 1963 to work at McDonnell Aircraft, what would eventually become Boeing through a series of mergers, he developed the reputation of a tenacious analyzer. "I have excellent skills at seeing the big picture and the little details all at the same time and keeping it all in the proper perspective," he said. Tim Bartlett, director of Off-Boeing Programs, confirmed as much. King was recently one of 300 employees under Bartlett's wing. He said none of them, other than King, worked beyond their 60s. Bartlett said King was respected late in his career for his intelligence: "A lot of wisdom. A lot of history. He's also attuned to state-of-the-art systems." Bartlett, 47, shares the same birthday with his former employee. "Bob is definitely good at giving me feedback," he said. "I valued it at different times for sure." King previously held management positions and, as part of the corporate planning department, researched ways the company could diversify product lines and possibly get out of others. King's health eventually became an obstacle along his career path. He had a heart attack in 1989. A 2005 stroke limited use of his right arm. More recently, he's had a stent put in his left carotid artery. With congestive heart failure, fluid sometimes needs to be drained from his body. He's limited to consuming no more than 64 ounces of water per day. As part of his layoff package, he was paid one week's salary for every year he worked. Sounding disappointed again, he said Boeing capped the payout at 26 years of service. Not that he needs the extra money. The house and family car are paid for many times over. He said he wants to tutor math and stay involved in other projects. He said it's time to spend time at home with Donamay. "People ask me about Bob, and I say he's going to do what he's going to do," she said. "He probably says the same about me." They are getting to know each other again. St. Louis Post-Dispatch | Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Lifesaving Society swim lessons: Why they are the best choice for your family The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a recreation centre and fitness facility that’s... Fashion forward and community minded salon and spa in Waterloo Element Hair is Waterloo Region's destination studio, offering full hair services, Element Hair... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... Fascia is crucial in a well-functioning eavestroughing system Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener is the go-to expert for eavestrough system design, installation... Second mortgages from Kitchener-Waterloo private lenders A second mortgage in Kitchener-Waterloo can let you borrow money against the equity in your... Find the perfect home security solution with AHS Security Systems For only the best in home security, homeowners in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and Guelph turn to... Bolt and Nut Supply has affordable wiper options Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that budgets are important when it comes to your tools... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... Retirement planning: Your path to a financially comfortable retirement Retirement planning is something that’s best started in the early part of your working years, but... New moving boxes help prevent bugs from moving with you R & D Moving and Storage Supplies are the Kitchener-Waterloo moving experts, providing everything... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... Abstract Car Sales has powerful pitch with ‘We get what you want’ Abstract Car Sales in Kitchener is a full-service auto sales firm that has a knack for getting... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Pool robots ensure you’ll dive into clean water Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas is passionate about pools. Why not spend more time... Superior sign services and installations make Signs Galore a leader in its field Sign services and installations are reaching new levels of excellence at Signs Galore, which is... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Budgeting for a home reno? Hope for the best but plan for the worst PreviousNext Conquering your debt in 2017 starts with a written financial plan Toyota will work with Trump, automaker’s president says The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing's deliveries, orders fell in 2016 By Afp Published: 15:39 EST, 6 January 2017 | Updated: 15:39 EST, 6 January 2017 e-mail Boeing said Friday its deliveries of commercial planes fell modestly in 2016 and it saw fewer orders compared to 2015. The US aerospace giant delivered 748 planes last year, down from 762 in 2015. Boeing booked orders for 668 planes, down 13 percent in from orders in 2015. The 2016 orders are worth $94.1 billion at list prices, it said. Boeing said it delivered 748 planes last year, down from 762 in 2015 and booked orders for 668 planes, down 13 percent in from orders in 2015 ©Saul Loeb (AFP/File) Boeing's archrival Airbus said in November that it was targeting deliveries of 670 planes for the year. Commercial airplane deliveries are tied to revenues and are closely monitored as a sign of financial strength. Boeing's most popular plane, the single-aisle 737, comprised about two-thirds of the deliveries and an even higher percentage of the orders. The company on Wednesday announced a new order for 75 of the 737s, worth $8.25 billion, from General Electric's airplane leasing arm. However, deliveries of the iconic 747 jumbo jets fell by half to just nine. The company announced in January 2016 it was cutting production of the planes in half due to weak demand in the cargo market. Airbus has also faired badly with its jumbo offering, the A380. Boeing said in December it also was cutting production of its wide-body 777 planes to five from seven due to slackening demand. It delivered 99 of the planes in 2016, up one from the prior year. Shares of Boeing rose 0.1 percent to $158.87 in afternoon trading. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Boeing sales decline despite late buying spree - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Boeing sales decline despite late buying spree Posted: Friday, January 6, 2017 3:02 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 6, 2017 8:32 PM EST Boeing Headquarters By Jon Ostrower SEATTLE (CNNMoney) -- It's getting harder out there for a jet salesman. Boeing raked in 668 orders in 2016, down 13% from 2015. The full-year order tally, released Friday, fell from the 768 new orders it won in 2015. The new order totals fell for the second year in a row as airlines slowed new purchases after years of record buying. Boeing and Airbus are facing a challenging landscape for sales and are focusing their attention on delivering on their swollen order books. Boeing ended 2016 with more than 5,700 commercial aircraft on order. One key target missed by the aerospace and defense giant was its aim of winning new orders roughly equal its 2016 jetliner deliveries. The plane maker delivered 748 airliners in 2016, down slightly from its 2015 record of 762. Boeing attributed the expected drop in deliveries to producing some updated 737 Max jets and U.S. Air Force refueling tankers in 2016 that won't be delivered until this year and beyond. Nearly two-thirds of its deliveries last year were for single-aisle 737s, the workhorses of the global airline fleet. The aerospace giant added 278 new orders in its final update, including commitments for 186 airliners for unidentified buyers, a late rally that swelled its orders by nearly 50%, but still fell short of its target. Boeing's customers canceled 180 airplanes in 2016, up from 108 in 2015, a sign of increasing caution by jet buyers. Boeing's European rival, Airbus, will release its full year order and delivery tally on January 11. The Chicago-based company begins 2017 in an uncertain political landscape. President-elect Donald Trump has upended the certainty of Boeing's orders with its biggest single customer block, the airlines of China. And Republican majorities in the House and Senate have vowed to fight Boeing's 80 jet deal with Iran Air. Inside its factories, the aerospace giant begins a busy year. The company will begin introducing to airlines its updated 737 Max single aile jet, but will reduce output by 40% of its most profitable big airliner, the long-range 777. Boeing will also bring a new twin-aisle jet to its lineup this year, a 320-seat version of its 787 Dreamliner currently being assembled in South Carolina. It will also start early production of its new flagship 400-seat 777X airliner, which delivers in 2020. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Boeing sales decline despite late buying spree Boeing sales decline despite late buying spree Posted on Friday, January 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News It’s getting harder out there for a jet salesman. Boeing raked in 668 orders in 2016, down 13% from 2015. The full-year order tally, released Friday, fell from the 768 new orders it won in 2015. The new order totals fell for the second year in a row as airlines slowed new purchases after years of record buying. Boeing and Airbus are facing a challenging landscape for sales and are focusing their attention on delivering on their swollen order books. Boeing ended 2016 with more than 5,700 commercial aircraft on order. One key target missed by the aerospace and defense giant was its aim of winning new orders roughly equal its 2016 jetliner deliveries. The plane maker delivered 748 airliners in 2016, down slightly from its 2015 record of 762. Boeing attributed the expected drop in deliveries to producing some updated 737 Max jets and U.S. Air Force refueling tankers in 2016 that won’t be delivered until this year and beyond. Nearly two-thirds of its deliveries last year were for single-aisle 737s, the workhorses of the global airline fleet. The aerospace giant added 278 new orders in its final update, including commitments for 186 airliners for unidentified buyers, a late rally that swelled its orders by nearly 50%, but still fell short of its target. Boeing’s customers canceled 180 airplanes in 2016, up from 108 in 2015, a sign of increasing caution by jet buyers. Boeing’s European rival, Airbus, will release its full year order and delivery tally on January 11. The Chicago-based company begins 2017 in an uncertain political landscape. President-elect Donald Trump has upended the certainty of Boeing’s orders with its biggest single customer block, the airlines of China. And Republican majorities in the House and Senate have vowed to fight Boeing’s 80 jet deal with Iran Air. Inside its factories, the aerospace giant begins a busy year. The company will begin introducing to airlines its updated 737 Max single aile jet, but will reduce output by 40% of its most profitable big airliner, the long-range 777. Boeing will also bring a new twin-aisle jet to its lineup this year, a 320-seat version of its 787 Dreamliner currently being assembled in South Carolina. It will also start early production of its new flagship 400-seat 777X airliner, which delivers in 2020. Theranos fires 41% of staffers Trump meets with Vanity Fair, New Yorker editors Related Posts Love returns as Tinder fixes a glitch U.K. tabloids spew hatred over Brexit court ruling CEOs are being ‘rewarded’ for failure Apple could be America’s first $1 trillion company Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19109.03 -0.92%   Hang Seng ▲ 22735.20 -0.88%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.55 0.34%   Yen ▲ 114.06 -0.38%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In SpaceX Launches Rocket With 10 Iridium Satellites To Win Back Customers, Fashion House Fendi Thinks Small Trial Reveals Pitfalls of Whistleblower Claims From In-House Lawyers Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Wanda Group, Owned by China’s Richest Man, Suffers Rare Off Year Fiat Chrysler CEO Faces Uphill Battle With Emissions Probe Lockheed Martin ‘Close’ To New F-35 Deal Renault Investigated Over Emissions Supreme Court to Weigh How Soon Firms Can Sell Copycat Biotech Drugs Takata Executives Criminally Charged in U.S. Probe of Faulty Air Bags Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Boeing’s 2016 Orders Show Slowing Sales Boom Company misses goal of having new orders match deliveries By Doug Cameron and Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Imani Moise Updated Jan. 6, 2017 4:39 p.m. ET Boeing Co. on Friday reported its weakest year for new commercial-jet orders since 2010 in a sign that the prolonged boom in aircraft sales is drawing to a close. The world’s largest aerospace company by sales closed 2016 with 668 net new orders worth $94.1 billion at list price, missing its goal of matching new deals with deliveries as it... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing jet sales fell by 100 last year, but outdelivered Airbus Originally published January 6, 2017 at 9:23 am Updated January 11, 2017 at 9:21 am Boeing sold 668 jets and delivered 748 in 2016. Deliveries were slightly down compared to 2015 because of a production rate cut for the 747 jumbo jet. Sales slumped compared to previous years as the airline industry faces a capacity glut. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing delivered 748 jets last year, 14 fewer than in 2015 but still enough to leave it well ahead of rival Airbus in 2016 production. However, overall sales for the year slumped despite a year-end rush that saw the company book 202 net orders in December, according to data released Friday. Boeing’s final 2016 tally was 668 net orders, exactly 100 fewer jets sold than in the previous year. In a message to employees Friday, the new chief executive of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Kevin McAlister, also listed the successful achievement of a series of milestones during the year. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. He cited the first flight of the 737 MAX and its international debut at the Farnborough Airshow; the delivery of the 500th 787 Dreamliner and the start in South Carolina of final assembly of the latest Dreamliner model, the 787-10; and the opening of the 777X Composite Wing Center in Everett. At list prices, the total value of Boeing’s 2016 net orders was $94 billion. According to market-pricing data from aircraft-valuation firm Avitas, the real value after standard sales discounts is estimated at about $44 billion. Because the sales total lags the delivery total, Boeing’s backlog of unfilled orders drops by 80, the first time it’s fallen in seven years. Airbus won’t release its corresponding order and delivery figures until next week, but at the end of November its deliveries lagged Boeing’s by more than 100 jets, so it clearly won’t match the U.S. plane maker’s output. Airbus has struggled this year to meet its planned deliveries, beset by issues with the supply of Pratt & Whitney engines for its new A320neo jets and also with shortages of seats and other cabin-interior parts. Of the planes Boeing delivered last year, 490 were the smaller 737 narrowbody jets assembled in Renton. Of the 258 larger widebody jets Boeing built, the Everett plant assembled 197, including 99 large 777 twin-engine jets, 13 mid-size 767s and 76 all-composite 787 Dreamliners. The slight dip in overall production compared to 2015 was largely due to the rate cut in the 747 jumbo-jet program. Boeing in 2016 delivered only nine 747s, exactly half the number delivered the previous year. Boeing’s assembly plant in North Charleston, S.C., built 61 Dreamliners, according to Uresh Sheth, who tracks 787 production on the All Things 787 blog. That means the South Carolina site is running at its full planned rate, building five 787s per month to Everett’s seven per month for a current total of 12 Dreamliners per month. Boeing had said it was considering going up to 14 Dreamliners per month toward the end of the decade, with seven jets built at each site, but lack of new sales now makes that unlikely. Indeed, several analysts, including Bainbridge Island-based industry observer Scott Hamilton, believe Boeing may have to drop the production rate back down to 10 Dreamliners per month. If that happens, it’s likely Boeing will balance production with five jets made at each assembly site — meaning that North Charleston maintains its current rate while Everett loses two jets per month. The 2017 outlook is gloomy for Everett production and also for projected sales. Boeing will cut 777 production in Everett this year in response to slow sales of the current model ahead of the debut of the replacement 777X. It will deliver nearly 30 fewer of the expensive big jets than last year. In contrast, Renton should see more work, with a planned rate hike on the 737 to 47 jets per month from the current 42 per month. Airplane sales in 2017 are expected to continue at a low level as the airline industry worldwide faces a capacity glut. Yet there will be important milestones for Boeing Commercial Airplanes in the year ahead. In his employee message, McAlister said he’s looking forward to the first 737 MAX delivery, the MAX 8 model, as well as the rollout and first flight of two new airplane models, the 737 MAX 9 and 787-10. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story What you need to know about new Alaska Airlines flights to Havana, Cuba Previous Story Drone engine maker to set up facility close to Boeing’s InSitu unit Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target By Reuters Published: 15:36 EST, 6 January 2017 | Updated: 15:36 EST, 6 January 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, Jan 6 (Reuters) - Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about $94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at $158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies. OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about $21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Korea Investment CORP Sells 1,804 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Korea Investment CORP lowered its position in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 326,998 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 1,804 shares during the period. Korea Investment CORP’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $43,079,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of BA. South Texas Money Management Ltd. raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. BP PLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 164.3% in the second quarter. BP PLC now owns 74,000 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $9,607,000 after buying an additional 46,000 shares during the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 65.8% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 32,331 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $4,264,000 after buying an additional 12,836 shares during the last quarter. Plancorp LLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 5.8% in the third quarter. Plancorp LLC now owns 61,903 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $8,155,000 after buying an additional 3,397 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Investment Corp IL raised its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 2.6% in the second quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 90,321 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $11,730,000 after buying an additional 2,250 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded down 0.08% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $158.59. The stock had a trading volume of 412,638 shares. The firm has a market cap of $97.88 billion, a PE ratio of 24.23 and a beta of 1.05. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $102.10 and a 52-week high of $160.07. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $153.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $138.60. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a net margin of 4.52% and a return on equity of 126.01%. The company earned $23.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.73 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $2.52 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $7.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This is a boost from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.58%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.36%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Korea Investment CORP Sells 1,804 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/06/korea-investment-corp-sells-1804-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. Several analysts have recently commented on BA shares. Vetr upgraded Boeing Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $91.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 price target on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Argus raised their price target on Boeing Company (The) to $185.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total value of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Welch & Forbes LLC Sells 11,520 Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Next » Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Acquires 133,760 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION January 16, 2017 | Last updated 1 minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy9 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing said close to $10.1b order from India SpiceJet Transaction would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet Published: 17:58 January 6, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New Delhi/Chicago: Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd. is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion (Dh37 billion) at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favourable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an emailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial market The order would help SpiceJet, India’s second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 per cent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 per cent at 63.55 rupees in Mumbai on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intraday level since November 30. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York on Thursday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. The South Asian country has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Indian Airlines posted a combined profit of $122 million in the year through March 31, 2016, the first time in a decade, according to CAPA Centre for Aviation. However, the industry is set to post losses for two more years hurt by excess capacity and low fares, CAPA said in a report in December. More from Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes Flynas in $8.6b Airbus deal, shareholder says Emirates to launch daily flight to Croatia Boeing jumbo-jet era ending in US SpiceJet in $10b deal with Boeing for 737 jets tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGNJet Airways follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNJet Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks 02US won’t push antitrust case against airlines 03‘Emirates challenging us for future A380’ 04Thousands of travellers face fog-induced delays 05Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Tour of the DWTC kitchens May 18, 2015 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Speeding driver crashes into parked car, dies Revealed: World's most powerful passports 9 ways your own home could kill you Mum reunited with abused baby in Saudi Arabia Dubai retail developers prepare for mega year Businessman donates Dh370m to charity Mohammad Bin Zayed visits UAE ambassador Revealed: Top 25 universities in the world Female Indonesian workers come to UAE Close Recommended For You 8 men own half of global wealth: OxfamPUBLISHED ON Jan 16, 2017 Kohli, Jadhav centuries help India beat EnglandPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 1/6/2017 8:50 AM Boeing near $10.1 billion order to expand toehold in India Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close A Boeing 737 aircraft operated by SpiceJet taxies at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai, India. Bloomberg photo by Dhiraj Singh   Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd. is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners, giving the planemaker a stronger toehold in the world's fastest growing aerospace market. The $10.1 billion transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks, after lengthy talks that pitted Chicago-based Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total order if final talks yield substantial discounts and favorable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would expand its footprint in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly variants of the Airbus A320. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing's 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. "We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year," the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. The order would help SpiceJet, India's second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet's share is about 13 percent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 percent at 63.55 rupees in Mumbai on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intraday level since Nov. 30. Boeing shares rose less than 1 percent to $159 in New York premarket trading Friday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier's financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer's books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. The South Asian country has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Indian airlines posted a combined profit of $122 million in the year through March 31, 2016, the first time in a decade, according to CAPA Centre for Aviation. However, the industry is set to post losses for two more years hurt by excess capacity and low fares, CAPA said in a report in December. . Tweet This article filed under: Business Manufacturing Transportation Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
//><!-- (function(){var e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(var i=0;i<e.length;i++)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><! Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Try 6 free issues of The Week magazine today Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu Brexit Article 50 Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Gold price US election 2016 Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief Jan 12, 2017 Decision to hand control of business empire to sons is seen as unethical and wholly inadequate whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Zach Gibson/Getty Images Page 1 of 15Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 1Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 2Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 3Obama: Trump 'sincere' about being a president 'for all Americans' 4Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 5US election 2016: Clinton and Trump spar in 'nastiest' debate in recent memory 6Trump compares Mexico wall plan with Israel's security barrier 7US election 2016: Donald Trump Jr compares Syrian refugees to poisoned Skittles 8US election 2016: Donald Trump defends Wisconsin police shooting 9Donald Trump urges Russia to find missing emails 10US election 2016: Donald Trump 'picks Mike Pence' as running mate 11Donald Trump would have 'no problem' talking to Kim Jong-un 12US election 2016: Cruz and Kasich team up to take on Trump 13Republican debate: rivals land solid punches on Donald Trump 14Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 15Republican debates: Fiorina shines as she hammers Trump Donald Trump has outlined the steps he plans to take to avoid conflicts of interest when he takes over as president later this month. See related  Donald Trump's most outrageous quotes Melania Trump: 15 things you didn't know about Donald's wife How did Donald Trump win the presidency? He told a press conference yesterday that he was handing control of the vast Trump Organization to his two sons, Eric and Donald Jr. He said that the company would not make any new foreign deals during his presidency. The measures were immediately criticised by Walter Shaub, the director of the US Office of Government Ethics, who said they would leave the president vulnerable to "suspicions of corruption", says the New York Times. He added that Trump should sell his company and place the assets in a blind trust run by a truly independent trustee approved by the ethics office, not a family member.  "His sons are still running the businesses, and, of course, he knows what he owns." Shaub was appointed by Barack Obama, but also served during the presidency of his Republican predecessor George W Bush. The ethics office "sets standards for 2.7 million employees in the White House and more than 130 executive branch agencies". "No modern president has entered the White House with such a complicated array of holdings," says the Times. According to Shaub, "every modern president has taken the strong medicine of divestiture". It's a very rare step for the ethics chief to comment publicly on a President-elect's plans. The Guardian says that Trump's team did not informed Shaub's office of his plans. The paper quoted Shaub as saying that he was "especially troubled" by plans to put liquid assets in a portfolio approved by ethics officials. "No one has ever talked to us about the idea, and there's no legal mechanism to do that," he said. Sheri Dillon, a lawyer for the Trump Organization, told the Times that many of the alternatives the ethics lawyers had advocated, such as selling off Trump's business assets entirely or putting them in a blind trust, were not practical. Responding to calls to put his assets in a blind trust, she said that Trump "can't unknow he owns Trump Tower, and the press will make sure that any new developments at the Trump Organization are well publicised". "In addition, Dillon said, the price of a sale of assets would draw scrutiny, and… Trump would still be owed royalties". Donald Trump has to 'grow up', Joe Biden says 6 January Joe Biden has publicly declared that Donald Trump needs to "grow up" as he criticised the president-elect's attacks on the US intelligence community.   In a damning interview on PBS NewsHour, the outgoing vice president told the businessman: "Grow up, Donald. Grow up. Time to be an adult. You're president. You've got to do something. Show us what you have." He added it was "worrisome" that Trump, who takes power in two weeks, was still questioning the intelligence agencies' "overwhelming consensus" that Russia deliberately meddled in the US presidential election by hacking Democratic computers.  "For a president not to have confidence in, not to be prepared to listen to, the myriad intelligence agencies, from defence intelligence to the CIA, is absolutely mindless," he said. "The idea that you may know more than the intelligence community knows - it's like saying, 'I know more about physics than my professor. I didn't read the book, I just know I know more.'" Biden also criticised Trump's vow to repeal the Obamacare healthcare plan, saying the future president, while a "good man", lacked knowledge of the system. This is not the first time he has rounded on the Republican; the pair often clashed during the election campaign, particularly after a tape emerged of Trump talking about groping women, which the vice president said was "a textbook definition of sexual assault. Biden also told PBS that he will pursue non-political activities, including working with universities on domestic and foreign policy issues, after leaving office this month. He has said previously that he regrets not running for the White House "every day", although he has not ruled out what would be a third tilt at the presidency in 2020.  In one of his last acts as vice president, Biden will today preside over a joint session of Congress to formally confirm Trump's presidency, the Daily Telegraph reports. Donald Trump: Why he is siding with Julian Assange against US intelligence community  5 January Donald Trump has set himself on a collision course with US intelligence services after publicly criticising senior officials and siding against them with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. The president-elect mocked the US intelligence agencies due to brief him on alleged Russian hacking of US political groups in a tweet on Wednesday. The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017 "It was his latest attack on a key body he will rely on as commander in chief," says CNN, and again put him at odds with the agencies' unanimous conclusion that Russia hacked Democratic groups and individuals to interfere in the US presidential election. Despite being elected in November, Trump is yet to meet the heads of US intelligence agencies, although he has repeatedly questioned their assessment of Russian cyber activity. In another sign of increasing tension between the intelligence community and the president-elect, Trump also tweeted his support for Assange after he told Fox News that Moscow was not the source for WikiLeaks's mass leak of emails from the Democrats. Both the FBI and CIA say the leaked information was intended to sway the presidential election in Trump's favour. However, Assange claimed a 14-year-old boy could have carried out one of the hacks and accused the Obama administration of attempting to "delegitimise" a Trump presidency by falsely tying Russia to the attack. Trump's support represents an astonishing change in fortunes for the Australian hacker, who was publically vilified by conservatives, including Fox News, when he leaked US military secrets and published classified diplomatic cables in 2010. However, while Trump appears to be on his side, Assange has continued to face criticism from other Republicans. House Speaker Paul Ryan called him a "a sycophant for Russia", later adding: "He leaks, he steals data and he compromises national security."  Senator Mark Warner, vice president of the US intelligence committee, also said the president-elect should have more "respect" for intelligence professionals. Trump has previously criticised the spy agencies for the faulty intelligence about Iraq's supposed possession of weapons of mass destruction before the US invasion in 2003. However, "to publicly embarrass some of the most senior intelligence officials in the country and question their motives is unprecedented for a president-elect or incumbent president", says The Independent. Donald Trump dismisses North Korean missile tests in tweet 3 January Donald Trump has shot down North Korea's claim that it is close to testing long-range missiles capable of targeting the United States. North Korean leader Kim Jong-un made the claim in his New Year message, saying the country was almost ready to test intercontinental ballistic missiles that could carry nuclear warheads. However, the US president-elect derided the suggesting, tweeting simply: "It won't happen!" North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017 Trump also took aim at China over the issue, writing: "China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!" See related  Donald Trump's most outrageous quotes Melania Trump: 15 things you didn't know about Donald's wife How did Donald Trump win the presidency? It is Trump's first comment on North Korea's nuclear plans since the US presidential election in November. Prior to that, he had said he might be prepared to have a burger with Kim. South Korea said Trump's message showed he understood the seriousness of the situation and could be interpreted as a "clear warning" to Pyongyang.    "President-elect Trump and US officials are clearly aware of the gravity and urgency of the North Korean nuclear threat," ministry spokesman Cho June-hyuck told a briefing, reports Reuters. "There are no ifs or buts in Mr Trump's tweet," the BBC says, adding that the message could mean the president-elect believes North Korea will not be able to finalise the technology or that he thinks the two countries could reach an agreement for it to terminate its nuclear programme. It could also imply Trump is considering military action, although experts, who calculate Pyongyang is less than five years from conducting successful tests, believe that would be ineffectual. Methods such as "bunker-busting" bombs would be unlikely to halt the programme, while cyber warfare or the assassination of top scientists would also be difficult. The US has dismissed North Korea's attempts to hold talks over the years, saying it must disarm first. Page 1 of 15Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 1Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 2Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 3Obama: Trump 'sincere' about being a president 'for all Americans' 4Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 5US election 2016: Clinton and Trump spar in 'nastiest' debate in recent memory 6Trump compares Mexico wall plan with Israel's security barrier 7US election 2016: Donald Trump Jr compares Syrian refugees to poisoned Skittles 8US election 2016: Donald Trump defends Wisconsin police shooting 9Donald Trump urges Russia to find missing emails 10US election 2016: Donald Trump 'picks Mike Pence' as running mate 11Donald Trump would have 'no problem' talking to Kim Jong-un 12US election 2016: Cruz and Kasich team up to take on Trump 13Republican debate: rivals land solid punches on Donald Trump 14Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief 15Republican debates: Fiorina shines as she hammers Trump Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: US Donald Trump Hillary Clinton US elections racism Muslim Sarah Palin Marco Rubio Nigel Farage World News Politics People You are here: Home US election 2016 Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by US ethics chief Related Articles US election 201612 things you didn't know about Ivanka Trump US election 2016Donald Trump: UK dragged into dirty dossier row US election 2016Trump's refusal to sell assets is criticised by ethics chief US election 2016When is Donald Trump's inauguration and who will perform? ProfileChristopher Steele: The man behind Trump's dirty dossier US election 2016America's next First Lady Melania Trump - in pictures US election 2016Melania Trump: 15 things you didn't know about Donald's wife In DepthBarack Obama: Coolest presidential moments caught on video TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Financial Life Planning In association with The property market in the wake of the EU exit vote Investment: Can you make money from wine and classic cars? Pay it forward: Passing on financial skills to your children Read more Business Briefing Get the latest news from The City at 8am Trump 'breaks man who broke Bank of England' UK businesses will survive hard Brexit, Fitch says First-time home buyers at highest level since 2006 Read More Popular Peaky Blinders: When does season 4 start and will Tom Hardy return? TV & Radio Star Wars 8: Is Rey the reincarnation of Darth Vader? Film Gold price hits ceiling at $1,200 an ounce Markets House prices for first-time buyers top £200,000 Economy Who is Ivanka Trump? 12 things you didn't know about Donald's daughter US Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex May 'to announce Britain will quit single market' Donald Trump will meet Putin in Iceland within weeks Cancer operations cancelled as NHS crisis deepens Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE over £30 on this season's Italian Olive Oils WIN a mini-break in Penzance with Doris & Dicky WIN tickets to see Maps and the 20th Century FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Boeing strikes big deal with SpiceJet for 92 Boeing 737 jetliners: Report The SpiceJet-Boeing deal is pegged at $10.1 billion as per current list prices. Kalyani Pandey January 6, 2017 14:06 IST A SpiceJet Airlines aircraft at Bengaluru airport in March 2012.Reuters file SpiceJet, India's second-largest budget carrier is expected to place an order for 92 Boeing 737 jetliners. The carrier's new order is part of its rapid expansion plan in the world's fastest-growing aviation market.  The SpiceJet-Boeing deal includes at least 50 Boeing 737 Max and another 42 single-aisle jets, which the budget carrier had ordered two years ago. The deal value is pegged at $10.1 billion as per current list prices, Bloomberg reported. Also read: SpiceJet AGM to decide on Ajay Singh's salary, perks The latest order will take SpiceJet's fleet size up to 141 (which stands at 49 at present). The transaction is expected to be finalised over the next few weeks. A person aware of the development told the agency that the airline may boost the total number if the final talks result in bigger discounts and other favourable maintenance contracts.  The deal would increase Boeing's presence in the Indian aviation market, which so far is dominated by its rival Airbus. Domestic carriers like GoAir, IndiGo and AirAsia India operate variants of Airbus A320. "We expect to complete the negotiations and place the order this financial year," SpiceJet was quoted as saying by Bloomberg.  The Ajay Singh-founded airline's budget carrier rival IndiGo dominates the market and has a controlling market share of 42 per cent, whereas SpiceJet's market share remains around 13 per cent.  Flight makes emergency landing at Delhi airport In other news, a SpiceJet flight from Bengaluru made an emergency landing at Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport early on Friday (January 6) morning. The reason for the emergency landing was a partial hydraulic failure. All passengers and crew of flight SG136 were safe, the Indian Express reported.  The SpiceJet stock was trading at Rs 63.70 around 1:24 pm on Friday, up 0.87 per cent from its previous close on the Bombay Stock Exchange.  Related Air fares set to rise after jet fuel prices increase by 8% in the new year? IndiGo, SpiceJet planes in near-miss as catastrophe averted at Delhi airport Domestic air traffic: IndiGo, SpiceJet, Jet, Air India show divergent trends in November Also read SpiceJet Q2 net profit doubles on higher operating revenues SpiceJet launches 'Spicy Annual Sale'; tickets start at Rs 737; Q2 results on November 25 Post Comment IBT TV Close Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigns after referendum loss Why advertise with us? Latest News Peta buys stake in Louis Vuitton's parent company to push against use of exotic animal skin 14 hours ago By Deependra Jha Automation: How new age machine will replace you and which sectors will be hit hard 15 hours ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular After TCS, Infosys, it's over to HCL Tech, Wipro, Tech Mahindra Q3 results TCS beat estimates to report upbeat Q3 numbers, while Infosys cut revenue guidance; investors now await Wipro, HCL Tech and Tech Mahindra results. American furniture brand Ashley set to launch 100 stores in India No specific time-line has been provided for the launch of its stores in India. Post Chandrasekaran's promotion, investors worry over TCS future: Report Ahead of an unpredictable year owing to US elections, Brexit, TCS investors remain worried. Peta buys stake in Louis Vuitton's parent company to push against use of exotic animal skin Peta's move follows its expose of crocodile farms in Vietnam. The organisation released a video last month showing reptiles getting killed in farms which had supplied skins to a tannery owned by LMVH. Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 15, 2017, 8:44 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Plane-makers face sales downturn Signs of market weakness bad news for Boeing, Airbus in ’17 By Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News This article was published January 6, 2017 at 1:57 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG NEWS / TRAVIS DOVE Boeing Co. Dreamliner 787 planes sit on the production line at the company’s final-assembly plant in North Charleston, S.C., in December. Comments aAFont Size The jetliner shopping spree that's spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close, according to sales data and industry analysts. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Plane-makers face sales downturn Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Gas up, 250 stores pillaged in Mexico Jet.com acquires footwear e-retailer Survey: Firms add 153,000 jobs MF Global ex-CEO fined $5M, banned from work ... Plane-makers face sales downturn Agency: Lottery-pact protest hasty as CJRW ye... Stocks slide on bank, retail losses U.S. mail at Staples to end; union elated Business news in brief More Business stories > Comments on: Plane-makers face sales downturn To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Faces of the uninsured (1 comment) DANA D. KELLEY: Profiles in cowardice (33 comments) Trump tweets scoff at icon of civil rights (25 comments) Jennifer Holliday backs out of Trump inauguration performance (29 comments) Women list many reasons for marching in D.C. (12 comments) Expectations for 2017 (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GOOD TIMES SpiceJet is celebrating its remarkable turnaround with a $10.1-billion order of new jets Written by Manu Balachandran January 06, 2017 Quartz india Ready to take off. (Reuters/Amit Dave) Share Written by Manu Balachandran January 06, 2017 Quartz india Two years ago, India’s fourth-largest airline by market share, SpiceJet, was about to shut shop. The budget carrier had been making losses for three straight years and its creditors were lining up to recover dues. The company was even forced to ground its aircraft for a few days after retailers refused to supply fuel, citing past dues. But, the once-beleaguered airline has registered a remarkable turnaround since then. On Jan. 06, Bloomberg reported that SpiceJet is all set to order 92 jetliners from Boeing, worth $10.1 billion (Rs 68,000 crore). The deal includes an order of at least 50 new Boeing 737 Max airplanes—a narrow-bodied model— and renegotiated conditions for another 42 Boeing 737 jets that the company had ordered in 2014. “The airline may boost the total (order) if final talks yield bigger discounts and favorable maintenance contracts,” Bloomberg reported, quoting an unnamed source. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” SpiceJet told Bloomberg. SpiceJet’s decision to aggressively pursue new orders comes at a time when India’s airline companies are finally making profits after several years of gloom. In 2016, all three of India’s publicly-listed airlines—Jet Airways, IndiGo, and SpiceJet—recorded substantial profits. GoAir, a privately-held company, was also believed to have raked in over $20 million in profits during fiscal 2016, while Air India recorded operational profits for the first time in nine years. For SpiceJet, the turnaround was the result of many months spent recalibrating its strategy. “We stuck to the very basics of operating a low-cost carrier—a two-pronged strategy of reducing cost and maximising revenues,” a SpiceJet spokesperson had explained to Quartz in 2015. That year, SpiceJet had emerged as the world’s best performing airline stock after the company’s share price soared by 340%, the highest for any airline in the world for that period. SpiceJet isn’t the only Indian airline expanding its fleet. For instance, the country’s largest airline by market share, IndiGo, has finalised orders for 250 carriers from Airbus, and Air India, the government-controlled airline, is set to add 35 new jets to its fleet this year. Other domestic airlines, including Go Air and Vistara, are also lining up plans to increase their fleet sizes. “Last year represented a turnaround in the fortunes of India’s aviation industry after several very difficult years,” consultancy firm CAPA said in a statement. “Lower fuel prices combined with modest capacity growth and strengthening economic fundamentals were largely responsible for surging traffic and an improvement in airline financials in fiscal 2016. Domestic traffic was up 21.2%.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Connect To Top Entertainment Celebrities Sports Basketball Corner Video Games Technology Internet Trending Eminem New Album 2017: Release Date And Updates So Far Theo James Interview: Actor Slams Engagement Rumors; Confirms He Won’t Be In Divergent TV Movie 31st Golden Disc Awards: Here’s What We Know So Far Michael Schumacher News: His Latest 2017 Health Update BTS Comeback: It’s Sooner Than Expected Dylan O’Brien Teen Wolf: Why Can’t We Find Him Robert Pattinson Kristen Stewart ‘Engaged’ – These Rumors Won’t Stop! Miguel Ferrer Health: What Is The Most That We Know About Him Fairy Tail Manga Chapter 517 – Acnologia’s True Powers Revealed! Fairy Tail 517: Irene’s Defeat May Be A Clue To Acnologia’s Weakness News  By Prabhu Gowda on January 6 2017 03:30 PM Flight MH370 Update: Boeing Could Start Funding The Search Prabhu Gowda Share Tweet Pin Hollyweed Prank: The Truth Behind the Caper is Too Quaint! Charles Manson Hospital: What Happened to the Convicted Serial Killer Screen cap from Wikimedia commons. [https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/Pray_for_my_compatriots_on_Malaysia_Airlines_flight_MH370._%2813010243353%29.jpg] Screen cap from Wikimedia commons. [https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/Pray_for_my_compatriots_on_Malaysia_Airlines_flight_MH370._%2813010243353%29.jpg] Close to two years and 10 months after the disappearance, the predicament offers more questions than answers. Here is a flight MH370 update. The Boeing 777 class aircraft belonging to the Malaysian Airlines went off grid without leaving any trace in March, 2014. Since its mysterious disappearance, efforts to unearth its status was underway. Not with much of success, of course. Rationally speaking, there’s no foul play here other than a crash and sink, prima facie. Sporadic flight MH370 update with the findings of flight debris gave some room for optimism too. Nothing substantial, however. Flight MH370 Update Latest developments have it that a private company could take over the search operations. Besides, Boeing might break the bank on the said search operation too. An authoritative figure spoke to the Popular Mechanics earlier to confirm the ongoing talks on change of search party. Australian Transfer Safety Bureau [ATSB], along with Malaysian and Chinese officials did their best to get to the bottom of the accident, but without much success. Turns out, the crux is the inability to locate the wreckage site precisely. Due to the vastness of the oceans and plethora of possibilities and hindrance, it’s indeed a gargantuan task. As this incident marks the second deadliest one involving a Boeing 777, the aviation giants are likely to take a keen interest. Read More: Flight MH370: Families Go To Madagascar, Is There Still Hope? In addition to the pre-existing dilemma, there’s a political angle to it too. China initially threw shade at Malaysia for its negligence in the wake of disappearance. Not to mention the loss incurred by the Malaysian government in the aftermath due to plummeting ticket sales. ATSB, on the other hand, will pull the plug on its operations once its contract expires in January. Open for business! @BoeingDefense + @BoeingAirplanes team up to build #777X w/ parts made in #STL Composite Center https://t.co/9m5Qq7KBuT pic.twitter.com/tnVC6nhFJJ — Boeing Defense (@BoeingDefense) October 13, 2016 Read More: Google Commemorates the First Expedition to the South Pole Search Party While governments have an obligation towards the matter, so does the families of the passengers. A search party consisting of the passengers’ family members are operating in Madagascar anxiously. Due to the total six debris found in the East African coast that are believed to be a part of MH370, optimism is at large. Giving the benefit of doubt to the latest flight MH370 update, it’s welcoming that Boeing is stepping up. A tad optimism and support is something the families can find comfort in. They have lost way more than that, anyway. Read More: Things Not to Look Forward to in 2017! Related ItemsAustraliaChinaFlight MH370Malaysia LATEST Katelyn Nicole Davis: Facts About Young Girl Who Committed Suicide On Facebook Live Lee Joon Gi And Milla Jovovich Tour South Korea Together Girls’ Generation Seohyun: All About ‘Don’t Say No’ Album Bae Suzy New Reality Show – Could Lee Min Ho Show Up Know Why Salt Bae Is Taking Over the Internet More in News Katelyn Nicole Davis: Facts About Young Girl Who Committed Suicide On Facebook Live It is no aberration when teenagers succumb to depression and do the unthinkable. The Katelyn Nicole Davis story, however, is one... Prabhu GowdaJanuary 16, 2017 Hollyweed Prank: The Truth Behind the Caper is Too Quaint! Los Angeles residents had a fair share of giggles following the Hollyweed prank. The joke is over now, but the cops... Prabhu GowdaJanuary 6, 2017 Charles Manson Hospital: What Happened to the Convicted Serial Killer News of a Charles Manson hospital transfer has turned attention back to the serial killer infamous for his killing spree a... Cedric TanJanuary 5, 2017 Jesus Christ’s Birth and the Virgin Mary Conundrum Pastor Andy Stanley stirs controversy yet again. This time it involves Christmas and the Virgin Mary, however. Oh God, enough already!... Prabhu GowdaJanuary 2, 2017 Highest Celebrity Deaths in 2016 – Breaking the Voodoo! Recent demise of Carrie Fisher and George Michael sums up the celebrity deaths toll to frightening numbers. This report is not... Prabhu GowdaDecember 29, 2016 Ex Scientlology Members Throw Shade at Kingpin David Miscavige The tussle between Leah Remini and Scientology shows no signs of cessation anytime soon. Matter of fact, there are new players... Prabhu GowdaDecember 23, 2016 A&E Network’s Generation KKK Documents the Dualities of the Klan Yet another controversial documentary? Perhaps, not! Generation KKK is indeed a subtle reminder of the hate group’s abominable side. A&E Networks... Prabhu GowdaDecember 20, 2016 200 Incidents After the Sandy Hook Shooting Questions More Than Just Gun Laws Four years after Adam Lanza went on a murder rampage, the threat still lingers around. Sandy Hook Shooting seemingly changed nothing,... Prabhu GowdaDecember 16, 2016 2016 Christmas Gift Ideas: Forget Gadgets And HDTVs, Here’s The Most Original Gift of All The holiday season is already here. A few days more to go and it is Christmas. If you are wondering what... Genevieve QueDecember 13, 2016 Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. LATEST HEADLINES Katelyn Nicole Davis: Facts About Young Girl Who Committed Suicide On Facebook Live Lee Joon Gi And Milla Jovovich Tour South Korea Together Girls’ Generation Seohyun: All About ‘Don’t Say No’ Album Bae Suzy New Reality Show – Could Lee Min Ho Show Up LATEST HEADLINES Donald Trump featured Celebrities fairy tail manga Pokemon Go KPop cbs Game of Thrones YG Entertainment TV YouTube sports Video Games anime game of thrones season 7 Christmas China Rick and Morty Season 3 Release Date NBA Sherlock Season 4 news Rick and Morty Season 3 new year 2017 Rick and Morty Season 3 news Fairy Tail Eminem New Album 2017 Eminem sherlock season 4 climate change Entertainment Celebrities Technology News Contact Copyright © 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing Said Close to $10.1 Billion Order From India SpiceJet Bloomberg Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson 1/6/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should © Amit Dave / Reuters FILE PHOTO: A SpiceJet passenger aircraft takes off from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel international airport in Ahmedabad, India May 19, 2016. REUTERS/Amit Dave/File Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd. is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money. Current chairman and co-founder Ajay Singh bailed out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favorable maintenance contracts, one person said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial Market The order would help SpiceJet, India’s second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 percent. SpiceJet shares rose 4.6 percent on Thursday in Mumbai, paring past year’s losses to 23 percent. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. For more on the Boeing-Airbus rivalry, click here Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 26 Boeing 737 jets and 14 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to its website. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. India has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. (Updates with market share in seventh paragraph.) To contact the reporters on this story: Anurag Kotoky in New Delhi at akotoky@bloomberg.net, Julie Johnsson in Chicago at jjohnsson@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Brendan Case at bcase4@bloomberg.net, Anand Krishnamoorthy at anandk@bloomberg.net, Bruce Rule, Sam Nagarajan ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Govt may set threshold for probe into deposits to prevent harassment of taxpayers Donald Trump's offer to Putin: An end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut Donald Trump says Brexit to be "a great thing", wants quick trade deal with UK Samsung Electronics to disclose Note 7 probe results on January 23: Report Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty, Live Today, 2016-01-16 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Boeing close to $10.1 billion order from SpiceJet By Bloomberg | Updated: Jan 06, 2017, 10.42 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Indigo | indian airlines | Boeing | Ajay Singh The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve SpiceJet x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money. Current chairman and co-founder Ajay Singh bailed out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favorable maintenance contracts, one person said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd all fly variants of the Airbus A320. "We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year," the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial Market The order would help SpiceJet, India's second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 percent. SpiceJet shares extended gains for a third day, rising 2.3 percent to 64.60 rupees as of 9:25 a.m. in Mumbai on Friday, the highest intraday level since Nov. 30. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York on Thursday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. The South Asian country has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Indian airlines posted a combined profit of $122 million in the year through March 31, 2016, the first time in a decade, according to CAPA Centre for Aviation. However, the industry is set to post losses for two more years hurt by excess capacity and low fares, CAPA said in a report in December. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » SpiceJet | Indigo | indian airlines | Boeing | Ajay Singh To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Indian banks are waking up to a new kind of cyber attack Use plastic money at petrol pumps and get 0.75% cash back within next 3 days Maruti Suzuki launches Ignis with prices starting Rs 4.59 lakh Modi government's new power plan: Heavy electricity users will now pay lower tariffs Warburg aims for $8 billion investments in 10 years in India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Companies Last Modified: Fri, Jan 06 2017. 06 09 PM IST SpiceJet to buy 92 Boeing 737 jetliners worth $10.1 billion The deal includes orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014 Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Anurag KotokyJulie Johnsson Boeing, SpiceJet deal may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE. Photo: Mint New Delhi/Chicago: Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd. is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money. Current chairman and co-founder Ajay Singh bailed out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favourable maintenance contracts, one person said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial market The order would help SpiceJet, India’s second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42% of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13%. SpiceJet shares rose 4.6% on Thursday in Mumbai, paring past year’s losses to 23%. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg reported in July. Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 26 Boeing 737 jets and 14 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to its website. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. India has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Bloomberg Anurag KotokyJulie Johnsson Topics: SpiceJet Boeing Budget Airline 737 Max Ajay Singh More From Livemint READ MORE Opening bell: Asia opens mixed; RIL Q3 earnings in focus A bumpy ride for road construction firms What will make the Rajasthan acquisition tick for NTPC? First Published: Fri, Jan 06 2017. 09 05 AM IST Editor's Picks Union budget: Good economics, good politics, or bit of both? Finance ministry, Reserve Bank and autonomy Govt planning to overhaul Rs10,000 crore start-up fund Latest News Opening bell: Asia opens mixed; RIL Q3 earnings in focus A bumpy ride for road construction firms What will make the Rajasthan acquisition tick for NTPC? Should the budget stray from straight and narrow path of fiscal consolidation? When will the bond rally run out of steam? Mint On Sunday How Aryabhata got the earth's circumference right  Of Firuz Shah, the other Tughlaq Letter from... my social media feeds  Be afraid. But don’t be very afraid. The best new Indian restaurants in London Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
My Account Menu About CAPA Events Reports Fleets Analysis Data Route Capacity Analyser Traffic Benchmark Rankings Airports Data Homepage Air Finance Homepage CASK Database Share Price Benchmark Low Cost Carriers (LCCs) CAPA Fleets Database Start-up Airlines CAPA Fleets Analytics Airline Groups Global Alliances Profile Finder Codesharing and Interlining Market Share News Profiles CAPA Login Username: Password: Remember details Register to trial CAPA Membership! Lion Group 2016 fleet analysis: slower growth following 737 cancellations & increased focus on FSCs CAPA > Aviation Analysis > Lion Group 2016 fleet analysis: slower growth following 737 cancellations & increased focus on FSCs 6-Jan-2017 Tweet © CAPA Lion Group significantly slowed its rate of expansion in 2016 and cancelled 21 Boeing 737 orders. The Indonesia-based airline group took 36 aircraft in 2016 compared to 57 aircraft in 2015, as the rate of 737 deliveries was slashed in half from an average of two per month to one per month. Most of the growth in 2016 was at Lion Group’s two full service airlines, Indonesia’s Batik Air and Malaysia’s Malindo Air. Malindo expanded its fleet by a staggering 15 aircraft, for a total of 42, making it one of the fastest-growing airlines in the world. Batik expanded its fleet by eight aircraft in 2016, for a total of 41. The rate of expansion slowed at all three of Lion Group’s low cost airlines – Lion Air, Thai Lion Air and the turboprop operator Wings Air. The fleet at the main Lion Air brand only expanded by three aircraft, while Wings added four turboprops. The group’s JV in Thailand added six aircraft, which was fewer aircraft than initially planned. Lion now has the largest fleet in Asia Pacific ex China The Lion Group ended 2016 with 272 aircraft – making it the largest airline group in Asia Pacific outside China, based on fleet size. Lion Group overtook the AirAsia/AirAsia X Group in 2015, when it added 57 aircraft for a total of 236. Lion Group overtook the Garuda Indonesia and Singapore Airlines groups in terms of fleet size in 2014, when its fleet expanded by 42 aircraft. See related report: Lion Group added 57 aircraft in 2015, overtaking AirAsia as SE Asia’s largest airline group fleet In late 2016 Lion Group overtook ANA Holdings, which currently has a fleet of 268 aircraft. It overtook the Japan Airlines Group, which currently has a fleet of 242 aircraft, in early 2016. While Lion continues to take delivery of aircraft at a rapid rate, the frequency of deliveries slowed significantly in 2016. The group took delivery of 36 aircraft in 2016, according to the CAPA Fleet Database. This represents the slowest rate of fleet expansion for Lion since 2013, when it took delivery of 33 aircraft and expanded its fleet by 22 aircraft (net of aircraft retirements). Lion did not phase out any aircraft in 2016 or in 2015. Lion Group cuts 737 delivery rate in half as 21 orders are cancelled The 36 deliveries in 2016 consisted of 14 A320s, 10 737-800s, three 737-900ERs and nine ATR 72-600s. The Airbus and ATR deliveries were broadly in line with Lion Group's initial fleet plan for 2016, whereas Boeing deliveries were significantly less than the original plan. Lion Group had initially planned to continue taking delivery of at least two 737s per month in 2016. The group ramped up its Boeing delivery rate to at least two aircraft per month in 2013 and maintained this rate in 2014 and 2015. Lion took delivery of 25 737s in 2015 and initially was expected to take a similar number of 737s in 2016. However, challenging market conditions prompted Lion to pursue a slowdown in deliveries. Lion has taken broadly one 737 per month since the beginning of 2016. In 2016 Lion was apparently able to negotiate a cancellation of 21 737s that were initially slated to be delivered in 2016 and 2017. As of the beginning of 2016 Lion had 44 737NGs remaining on order (a mix of 737-800s and 737-900s). Boeing currently only lists 10 outstanding 737NG orders for the Lion Group. Given the 13 deliveries but reduction in 34 orders, this indicates there were 21 cancellations. According to the CAPA Fleet Database, these cancellations were recorded in Sep-2016 and Oct-2016. The CAPA Fleet Database also shows that Lion Group converted 16 737-900ER orders to 737-800s in 2016, continuing a trend over the last few years in which it has opted mainly for the smaller -800 despite initially ordering the -900ER. Lion Group fleet and order book: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016 Aircraft Active fleet 01-Jan-2017 Active fleet 01-Jan-2016 On order 01-Jan-2017 On Order 01-Jan-2016 Airbus A320-200 27 13 16 38 Airbus A320-200neo 0 0 118 118 Airbus A321-200neo 0 0 65 65 Airbus A330-300E 3 3 0* 0 ATR 72-500 20 20 0 0 ATR 72-600 48 39 32 41 Boeing 737-800 73 63 2 5 Boeing 737-9 0 0 201 201 Boeing 737-900ER 99 96 8 39 Boeing 747-400 2 2 0 0 TOTAL 272 236 442 507 Notes: 1-Jan-2017 tally includes an ATR 72-600 which is temporarily out of service following a 25-Dec-2016 runway incursion incident. 1-Jan-2016 tally includes a 737-900ER which was temporarily out of service as of Jan-2016 following a 6-Nov-2015 runway overrun incident.  *Lion Group likely has placed additional A330-300 orders that have not yet been announced by Airbus.  Source: CAPA Fleet Database.  Cancelling last batch of 737NGs is sensible Initially, slightly more than half of the 21 cancelled 737s were likely expected to be delivered in 2016, with the remainder initially slated to be delivered in 2017. Lion Group is expected to take its last batch of 737NGs in 2017 while also starting to take delivery of the new generation 737 MAX. Lion ordered 201 737 MAX 9s in early 2012 and is planning to take its first 737 MAX 9 in 2Q2017. The decision to take 21 fewer 737NGs than initially planned is not surprising. The original delivery schedule proved to be overambitious, particularly in its home market of Indonesia where the group has been set back the past two years by unexpected regulatory constraints and challenging market conditions. Deciding to slow fleet growth at this juncture is also logical given that the 737 MAX, which offers improved efficiencies and range, is about to enter service. Lion is better off taking fewer 737s until the MAX arrives. Lion, it seems, was able to get off the hook on its final 21 737NG commitments without increasing its 737 MAX commitments. Boeing still lists Lion Group with 201 737 MAX 9 orders. There are also no apparent unidentified MAX orders that could have been placed by Lion in compensation for cancelling the 737NG orders. Therefore it appears the 21 aircraft were cancelled outright, rather than converted. Lion potentially had the right to cancel some of its 737NGs without penalty as part of its last order at Boeing. Lion ordered another 29 737-900ERs as part of the 2012 MAX order. Lion reduces A320ceo order but will likely take additional A330s in exchange Lion Group also reduced its A320ceo order book by another eight aircraft in 2016. The group ordered 60 A320ceos in 2013 as part of a blockbuster deal that also included 109 A320neos and 65 A321neos. This was the group’s first deal with Airbus. In 2015 Lion converted nine of its A320ceo orders to A320neos, lifting its A320neo commitments from 109 to 118 aircraft. Lion Group therefore began 2016 with 13 A320ceos and 38 more on order. Lion Group took 14 A320ceos in 2016 but currently only has commitments for another 16 A320ceos. This indicates that another eight A320ceos have been converted or cancelled. Airbus still lists Lion Group with 118 A320neo and 65 A321neo orders – an indication the eight A320ceos were not converted to A320neos. However, these eight aircraft were likely converted to A330-300s. Airbus has three unidentified A330-300 orders which were placed in Sep-2016 – the same month Lion reduced its A320ceo order by eight aircraft. Lion Group took three A330-300s in late 2015. Airbus currently does not list any additional A330 orders for Lion, but Lion is expected to take additional A330s in late 2017. Lion could be using deposits initially placed for A320ceos to expand its A330 fleet. Accelerated transition to A320neos is sensible Reducing A320ceo commitments is sensible as it enables the group to transition faster to new-generation A320neos. Lion Group is planning to start taking delivery of A320/A321neo aircraft in mid-2017. Lion Group began taking A320s in late 2014, with an initial delivery rate of one aircraft every two months. Approximately a year later, in late 2015, it accelerated its rate of A320 deliveries to broadly one aircraft, or slightly more than one aircraft, per month. So far Lion Group’s Indonesia-based full service airline subsidiary Batik Air has taken all of the group’s A320s. Batik is again earmarked to take all of Lion Group’s A320 family aircraft deliveries in 2017 – including a mix of ceos and neos. Lion prefers to focus on A320s at Batik while maintaining all-Boeing narrowbody fleets at Lion, Thai Lion and Malindo. Batik Air fleet expands by eight aircraft Batik also still operates 14 737s, but it has already reduced its 737 fleet by six aircraft and is expected to remove its remaining 737s by the end of 2018, becoming an all-Airbus operator. Batik expanded its fleet by eight aircraft in 2016 as the 14 A320 deliveries more than offset the removal of six 737-800s. However, Batik’s rate of expansion slowed compared to 2015, when it added an astonishing 15 aircraft. Batik commenced operations in 2013 with an initial fleet of six 737s, and added 12 aircraft in 2014. Batik Air fleet summary: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016 vs 01-Jan-2015 and 01-Jan-2014 Aircraft 01-Jan-2017 01-Jan-2016 01-Jan-2015 01-Jan-2014 Airbus A320-200 27 13 6 0 Boeing 737-800 8 14 6 0 Boeing 737-900ER 6 6 6 6 TOTAL 41 33 18 6 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation. The slower expansion at Batik was driven by regulatory constraints and tough market conditions in Indonesia, which also impacted growth at Lion’s other two Indonesian subsidiaries. Batik is expected to reaccelerate growth in 2017 and start focusing on expanding its international network, which currently includes only one destination (Singapore). Lion Air added only three aircraft in 2016 Lion Group added 15 aircraft in Indonesia in 2017 – a modest figure given the huge size of Indonesia’s domestic market. Along with the eight additional aircraft at Batik, Lion Air expanded its fleet by three aircraft while Wings Air added four aircraft. Lion Air is the group’s original airline and remains by far the largest. However, Lion Air faced regulatory constraints in 2016 which prevented it from launching new routes for several months and registering additional aircraft. Market conditions in Indonesia were also challenging for most of 2015 and 2016. While Lion added seven aircraft in 2015, its passenger traffic declined slightly. Its passenger traffic was likely up only slightly in 2016, putting it very close to 2014 levels. Lion Air fleet summary: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016 and 01-Jan-2015 Aircraft 01-Jan-2017 01-Jan-2016 01-Jan-2015 Airbus A330-300E 3 3 0 Boeing 737-800 37 34 30 Boeing 737-900ER 71 71 71 Boeing 747-400 2 2 2 TOTAL 113 110 103 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation.  Lion Air is expected to resume expansion in 2017, since the regulatory environment has improved following the appointment of a new transport minister in Oct-2016. Lion strategically needs to regain market share at the budget end of the Indonesian market, which has been ceded over the past two years to the fast-growing Garuda Indonesia LCC subsidiary Citilink. While Lion Air will likely take delivery of more aircraft than it did in 2016, there is also an opportunity to boost capacity by improving utilisation levels which were reduced back in 2015 as market conditions became more challenging. Wings Air growth also slows significantly in 2017 Wings Air may also accelerate expansion in 2017 following a unusually slow 2016. Wings added 16 turboprops in 2015, but only four turboprops in 2016. Wings Air fleet summary: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016 vs 01-Jan-2015 and 01-Jan-2014 Aircraft 01-Jan-2017 01-Jan-2016 01-Jan-2015 01-Jan-2014 ATR 72-500 20 20 20 20 ATR 72-600 32* 28 11 7 TOTAL 52 48 32 27 Note: *one of Wings’ ATR 72-600s is temporarily out of service following a Dec-25-2016 landing gear collapse incident.  Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation.  The Lion Group has 32 remaining ATR 72-600s on order, most of which are expected to be allocated to Wings. There were no ATR order cancellations in 2016. Lion slowed its rate of ATR deliveries compared to 2015, but this had been expected. Malindo accelerates expansion Malindo took five ATR 72-600s in 2016, picking up the slack as the group decided to slow the expansion at Wings. Malindo also took delivery of four 737-800s and inherited the six 737-800s that were removed by Batik. Malindo Air fleet summary: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016 vs 01-Jan-2015 and 01-Jan-2014 Aircraft 01-Jan-2017 01-Jan-2016 01-Jan-2015 01-Jan-2014 ATR 72-600 16 11 11 5 Boeing 737-800 20 10 2 0 Boeing 737-900ER 6 6 6 6 TOTAL 42 27 19 11 Source: CAPA – Centre for Aviation As a result, Malindo expanded its fleet by 15 aircraft in 2016. As CAPA highlighted in a Nov-2016 analysis report, Malindo was initially only planning to add five or six aircraft in 2016. In 1Q2016 it accelerated expansion and decided to add 10 aircraft, which would have matched the figure from 2015, and decided on a further acceleration in 2Q2016. See related report: Malindo Air plans more rapid expansion in 2017 as it rebrands, and closes in on Malaysia Airlines The much faster than planned expansion was partially a response to relatively favourable conditions and opportunities in the Malaysia market. But it was also driven by Lion Group’s need to find alternative homes for aircraft that were initially intended for Indonesia but could not be delivered to Indonesia due to regulatory constraints. Malindo is planning more rapid fleet expansion in 2017 as it continues to pursue strategic expansion, despite intensifying competition in the Malaysian market. Thai Lion only added six aircraft in 2017 Thai Lion could also have been an outlet for aircraft initially intended for Indonesia, but Lion Group instead decided to slow its expansion in Thailand. Thai Lion added six aircraft in 2016 – three 737-800s and three 737-900ERs. In 2015 it added 10 aircraft, and the original fleet plan for 2016 was to add 10 aircraft again. Thai Lion initially adjusted its 2016 fleet plan in early 2016 from 10 to seven aircraft. Ultimately it fell one aircraft short of the revised target. Thai Lion Air fleet summary: as of 01-Jan-2017 vs 01-Jan-2016, 01-Jan-2015 and 01-Jan-2014 Aircraft 01-Jan-2017 01-Jan-2016 01-Jan-2015 01-Jan-2014 Boeing 737-800 8 5 0 0 Boeing 737-900ER 16 13 8 2 TOTAL 24 18 8 2 Source: CAPA – Centre for Aviation. The slowdown in expansion at Thai Lion, which launched services at the end of 2013, is likely an indication of challenging market conditions. Thailand’s domestic market – which Thai Lion focused on in its first two years of operations – has reached saturation. Thai Lion started to focus more on international expansion in 2016, but Thailand’s international market is extremely competitive and most regional routes are already oversupplied. The outlook in Thailand for 2017 is relatively bleak, and therefore Lion Group may refrain from reaccelerating expansion at Thai Lion. Lion Group focuses growth at the full service end In general overcapacity is a concern in Southeast Asia, particularly in the LCC sector. Given the current irrational level of competition between LCCs in the region it is not a surprise that Lion Group is focusing increasingly on the full service sector. Batik and Malindo are both full service airlines, providing two classes of service and offering the full package of frills in economy, including checked bags, seat assignments, seat-back inflight entertainment, meals and drinks. Malindo has also emerged as a network airline, relying heavily on transfer traffic and interlines with foreign full service airlines. Batik is likely to adapt a similar network and partnership model as it starts to expand internationally. At the same time as being full service airlines, Batik and Malindo have extremely low cost structures because they were developed by an LCC group that knows how to keep costs at an absolute minimum. Therefore Batik and Malindo are able to compete effectively against full service airlines, undercutting competitors without necessarily impacting profitability. There are still opportunities for Lion Group’s LCCs to expand. However, in 2016 the opportunities were better at the full service end of the market. By pursuing faster FSC growth Lion is also now a more balanced company. Lion currently has 31% of its fleet at FSCs – compared to 25% at the beginning of 2016 and 20% at the beginning of 2015. Lion will come back strong The relatively slow growth in 2016 at Lion’s LCCs – and the slower than typical growth at the overall group – is hardly surprising. The group’s rate of growth in prior years was staggering and it was not realistic to believe it could be maintained every year. The 36 aircraft deliveries in 2016 is still an impressive figure by almost any measure. No other airline group in Southeast Asia came close to adding that many aircraft in 2016, including AirAsia. The fact Lion has slowed down growth and cancelled some orders will be highlighted by sceptics as an indication that Asia’s largest airline group outside China (based on fleet size) is in a tailspin However, the reality is Lion has endured a difficult period, is still growing faster than virtually any airline group in the world and remains an extremely tough competitor.  Want more analysis like this? CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets. Find out more and take a free trial. You may also be interested in the following articles... Indonesia's Lion Group plans up to 10 new routes to Australia under the Batik Air brand by end-2018 11-Jan-2017 Lion Group is planning major expansion in Australia using its full service brand Batik Air. The group’s Australia operation could grow from one route currently to five routes by the end 2017, and potentially 10 routes by the end of 2018. Lion Group launched services to Australia in late 2015 when its Malaysian full service airline, Malindo Air, launched services from Kuala Lumpur to Perth. Malindo is planning to adopt the Batik Malaysia brand in 2017 and expand its Australia network. Meanwhile Indonesia’s Batik Air is preparing to launch services to Australia, initially with flights from Bali to Perth. The fast-growing Indonesian airline secured Australian Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) approval in late 2016 and could eventually serve several destinations in Australia from both Bali and Jakarta. Malindo Air Part 1: Lion Group Malaysian JV accelerates fleet expansion as Indonesia growth slows 16-Sep-2016 Malindo Air is pursuing rapid expansion as the Lion Group’s Malaysian joint venture embraces a full service network model. Malindo plans to add 13 or 14 aircraft in 2016 – making it one the fastest growing airlines in Asia and yet another thorn in the side of Malaysia Airlines. Malindo has added seven aircraft over the past four months, giving it an active fleet of 34 aircraft. Malindo is now in the process of putting into service two more aircraft, and expects to add another five to six aircraft by the end of 2016. This is Part 1 in a series of reports on Malindo. This part will focus on its plans for fleet expansion. Subsequent analyses will examine Malindo’s network expansion, its partnership strategy and its overall outlook. © 2017 CAPA Centre for Aviation :: Contact Us :: Terms & Conditions :: Cookies & Privacy Policy :: Glossary :: Feedback :: All times are in AEST (GMT +11)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing Close to $10.1 Billion Order From India's SpiceJet by Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson January 5, 2017, 6:46 PM EST January 6, 2017, 8:48 AM EST Pact with SpiceJet is victory in market dominated by Airbus Deal for 92 jets may grow based on outcome of negotiations SpiceJet Said Close to Order $10B Worth of Boeing 737s Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd. is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners, giving the planemaker a stronger toehold in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The $10.1 billion transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks, after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total order if final talks yield substantial discounts and favorable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would expand its footprint in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt. and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd. all fly variants of the Airbus A320. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial Market The order would help SpiceJet, India’s second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 percent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 percent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 percent at 63.55 rupees in Mumbai on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intraday level since Nov. 30. Boeing shares rose less than 1 percent to $159 in New York premarket trading Friday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. Read more: Boeing, Airbus brace as jet-buying binge nears end Close Ties The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. The South Asian country has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Indian airlines posted a combined profit of $122 million in the year through March 31, 2016, the first time in a decade, according to CAPA Centre for Aviation. However, the industry is set to post losses for two more years hurt by excess capacity and low fares, CAPA said in a report in December. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 6 January 2017 | MYT 9:05 AM Breakfast briefing: Friday, January 6 MarketWrap: The Nasdaq squeaked out a record high close on Thursday thanks to Amazon.com, while deep drops in Macy's, Kohl's and other department stores weighed on the broader stock market. - Reuters The DJIA lost 0.21% to end at 19,899.29, the S&P 500 lost 0.08% to 2,269 and Nasdaq rose 0.2% to end at 5,487.94. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.17% to 4.4780 per US$ *It was 0.57% lower at 4.7439 per euro *Down 0.88% to 5.5578 per pound sterling *Down 0.12% to 3.1330 per Singapore dollar *0.36% lower to 3.2850 per Aussie *0.33% higher at 3.8757 per 100 yen   Energy Oil prices rose on Thursday in an up-and-down session, lifted by news that Saudi Arabia had cut production to meet Opec's agreement to reduce output after prices fell on data showing a surprisingly large increase in US gasoline and distillate inventories. Brent crude LCOc1 rose 43 cents, or 0.8%, to settle at US$56.89 a barrel, after hitting a session high of US$57.35. - Reuters Top foreign stories Toyota shares slide after targeted by Trump over Mexico plant: Shares of Toyota Motor Corp tumbled on Friday after US President-elect Donald Trump threatened to impose a hefty fee on the automaker if it builds its Corolla cars for the US market at a plant in Mexico. Toyota dropped as much as 3.1% to 6,830 yen in early trade. - Reuters Samsung Electronics forecasts fourth-quarter profit at over three-year high: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Friday its fourth-quarter profit likely leapt 50% from a year earlier to its highest level in more than three years, beating expectations on strong chip sales and a smartphone rebound. The South Korean technology giant said October-December operating profit was likely 9.2 trillion won (US$7.8 billion), the highest since the third quarter of 2013. - Reuters Boeing nears US$10.1b order from India's Spicejet: Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. The order could be worth about US$10.1 billion, it said. - Reuters Bitcoin plunges as much as 20% as Chinese yuan soars: A dramatic rally in digital currency bitcoin came to a spectacular end on Thursday with a plunge of up to 20% as China's yuan rose sharply - further evidence of an intriguing inverse relationship between the pair. - Reuters Meredith approaches Time Inc over potential merger: Media company Meredith Corp has contacted Time Inc to express intent in a potential merger, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The interest could rekindle a possible tie-up between the two companies, that died in 2013. - Reuters Top local stories MyEG secures another big job: Malaysia’s leading e-government services provider My E.G. Services Bhd (MyEG) has landed another job to handle the renewal of temporary employment pass for foreign workers. The estimated total value of the project is RM553.85mil. - StarBiz Fed clouds 2017 global sukuk sales outlook for top arranger: Worldwide sales of sukuk will drop in 2017 after rebounding from a five-year low, as higher US interest rates and weaker growth prospects in key markets crimp offerings. Issuance will fall to between US$35bil and US$40bil, says CIMB Islamic Bank Bhd. - Bloomberg LBS lines up affordable housing in Klang Valley: LBS Bina Group Bhd is targeting a 15% growth in sales to RM1.5bil this year, as it plans to launch a slew of affordable housing projects with total gross development value of RM2.3bil. Managing director Tan Sri Lim Hock San said the company is planning 12 launches comprising 5,543 units. - StarBiz Amway not ruling more price rises: Amway (Malaysia) Holdings Bhd is not ruling out further price increases of its products this year as the ringgit continues to decline. The direct selling company, which imports 80% of its products from the United States, had increased the prices of its products by 9.3% in 2016 because of the higher import costs, said general manager Michael Duong. - StarBiz Top Glove sets aside RM220m for capex: Top Glove Corp Bhd will set aside RM220mil for capital expenditure (capex) for the 2017 financial year. Two-thirds of the amount would be used for building new capacity and the balance would be used for automation and refurbishment of existing capacity. - StarBiz 1MDB appoints Parker Randall as auditor: 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) has appointed Parker Randall as its auditor. Parker Randall is the fourth auditor appointed by 1MDB. - Bernama Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors?: Maybank IB Research senior analyst Mohshin Alias is bullish about AirAsia’s fortunes. He maintains a buy on the stock and predicts a special dividend of 40-50 sen a share after the sale of Asia Aviation Capital. - StarBiz Falcon Bank’s ex-Singapore branch manager slapped with 16 1MDB-related charges: Singapore authorities have charged Falcon Private Bank’s former Singapore branch manager, Swiss national Jens Sturzenegger, with 16 offences relating to Singapore’s probe into Malaysian state fund, 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB). Sturzenegger is expected to plead guilty on Jan 11. - The Singapore Straits Times/ANN CIMB: Bandar Malaysia jobs worth up to RM50b: Opportunities for construction and infrastructure works worth up to RM50bil are up for grabs, as Bandar Malaysia plans to roll out the transit-oriented development and launch project tenders in 2017, says CIMB Research. - StarBiz QSR Brands to open 30 more KFC outlets: QSR Brands (M) Holdings Sdn Bhd is planning to expand its KFC business by adding up to 30 new outlets nationwide this year. - Bernama Mexter offers health tracking solution: Mexter Technology Bhd signed a five-year agreement with CHIEF Solutions Sdn Bhd and UMCH Technology Sdn Bhd to bring to the market a fitness and health tracking solution developed by University of Malaya (UM). The Mexter Home Care solution is targeted at corporations, property developers and consumers, both locally and within the region. - StarBiz Paramount Blossom teams up with China firms: Construction company Paramount Blossom Sdn Bhd has teamed up with China-based Fujian Hexinyuantong Investment Co Ltd and China Railway Liuyuan Group Co Ltd to develop a former clubhouse and golf course in Rasah, Negri Sembilan into a residential development with a gross development value of about RM650mil. - StarBiz Palm oil stockpiles likely to have fallen: Palm oil stockpiles in Malaysia likely fell last month for the first time since August as production in the world’s second-largest grower dropped by the most in almost a year. Stockpiles fell 2.4% from November to 1.62 million tonnes, a poll shows. - Bloomberg ACCCIM says it never agreed to EMC: The Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry of Malaysia (ACCCIM) on Thursday denied it agreed to the implementation of the Employer Mandatory Commitment (EMC), which came into force on Jan 1. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read PCs on the rise Cockscomb plant all the rage now Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Foreign funds net buyers in week ended Jan 13 Foreigners make comeback on Bursa Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable TDM demerger plan Better rates via online forex services US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Airlines Boeing's 2016 orders may miss guidance CNBC.com staff | @CNBC Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 7:03 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters What to expect from Boeing's 2016 order tally    Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 5:58 PM ET | 01:17 Boeing is due to report total order activity for 2016 later on Friday, but analysts believe the world's biggest plane maker may fall short of targets. The American manufacturer previously said it hoped to sell as many commercial jets as it delivered in 2016, estimated to be above 700. But even after clinching two last-minute orders, a combined 80 737 MAX 8 aircrafts from GE Capital Aviation Services and Czech airline Travel Service that was announced Wednesday, Boeing's order tally is seen around 536. Ken Herbert, managing director and senior aerospace and defense analyst at Canaccord Genuity, expects a number in the 550-600 range. While it is below the one-to-one or the one book-to-bill guidance provided at the beginning of 2016, it's not a drastically low number that will spook investors, he explained, adding that 2016 saw good 787 order activity, but 777 orders were lower than expected. Both the 787 Dreamliner and the 777 are wide-body planes with high fuel efficiency levels and are typically used for long-haul flights. The 737 MAX meanwhile is a narrow-body jetliner that Boeing calls the fastest-selling airplane in the firm's history. Going forward, 777 orders are seen recovering. "Boeing just made an announcement about (777 production) rates going to 5 a month later in 2017. The real rate is closer to 3.5 a month, so this reflects the bottom of this plane. There's a backlog to support rates at around 4 a month so I'm not expecting any more bad news for 777s," Herbert said. He anticipates some new orders for the 737 MAX, but warned that the real focus will be on execution and delivery. "The real story for Boeing now is their ability to deliver on [production] rate increases and watch macro issues, such as currencies, that could negatively impact them, especially as they plan significant upward movement in 737 production numbers." Boeing is due to release financial results for the fourth quarter on Jan. 25. New York-listed shares ended flat on Thursday. —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. CNBC.com staff Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Jefferson's Matt Culver claims first J-Hawk title Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa Iowa wrestling ready for challenge that awaits at top-ranked Oklahoma State Old Cedar Rapids block ‘under the gun’ with casino, real estate shake-up ‘Doc Anthony,’ friend of people but foe of crows Orthodox churches partner to bless Cedar River Garbage won’t be collected in Cedar Rapids Monday due to storm Icy mix bearing down on Eastern Iowa UNI blows out Drake for first Valley win, 79-60 Top-ranked Oklahoma State drops No. 3 Iowa, 24-11 Boeing, Airbus brace for slowdown Jet-buying binge nears end Video Photo Bloomberg Crewman tow in a Boeing Max 737 jet after landing at King County International Airport in Seattle, Wash., on Jan. 29. Bloomberg News Jan 5, 2017 at 4:00 pm | Print View The unprecedented jetliner shopping spree that’s spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close. That’s bad news for Boeing and Airbus Group, which face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. Final 2016 tallies to be unveiled over the next few days probably will show aircraft orders trailing shipments, a sign of a weakening market. Airline profits are poised to fall from last year’s peak, with even Persian Gulf juggernauts Emirates and Etihad Airways tempering growth. Unlike past retrenchments triggered by terrorism or recession, demand also has been hurt by the relatively low cost of fuel. While oil has risen in the past year, prices are hovering at about $50 a barrel, half of what they were in mid-2014. That gives airlines less incentive to retire older jetliners or order newer, more efficient models. The glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years for the lucrative 737 and A320 families of single-aisle aircraft. With last week’s revelation that Emirates is postponing a dozen Airbus A380 superjumbos, the total number of delivery delays for the year reached 251, the most since at least 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyzer data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s not that the sky is falling, but we are definitely late in the cycle,” said Ron Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp. So far, planemakers have been able to find other takers for production slots that have been vacated as carriers such as United Continental and Southwest Airlines postpone deliveries and scan the secondary market for bargains. Your next Nation & World articles Researchers identify Japanese tapeworm p ... Somali-American teen makes semifinals at ... Chicago police routinely violated civil ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
  Universe TodaySpace and astronomy news Login Login Home Members Guide to Space Carnival Photos Videos Forum Contact Privacy Boeing and SpaceX commercial crew vehicles ferrying astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) in this artists concept. Credit: NASA Astronauts, Atlas V, Boeing, Charles Bolden, Commercial Space, Dragon, Falcon 9, International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Missions, NASA, Space Flight, Space Shuttle, SpaceX, United Launch Alliance NASA Orders Additional Astronaut Taxi Flights from Boeing and SpaceX to the ISS Article Updated: 5 Jan , 2017 by Ken Kremer Boeing and SpaceX commercial crew vehicles ferrying astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) in this artists concept. Credit: NASA In a significant step towards restoring America’s indigenous human spaceflight capability and fostering the new era of commercial space fight, NASA has awarded a slew of additional astronaut taxi flights from Boeing and SpaceX to carry crews to the International Space Station (ISS). NASA’s new announcement entails awarding an additional four crew rotation missions each to commercial partners, Boeing and SpaceX, on top of the two demonstration fights previously awarded to each company under the agency’s Commercial Crew Program (CCP) initiative, in a Jan. 3 statement. However, the newly awarded crew rotation missions will only take place after NASA has certified that each provider is fully and satisfactorily meeting NASA’s long list of stringent safety and reliability requirements to ensure the private missions will be safe to fly with humans aboard from NASA and its partner entities. And NASA officials were careful to point out that these orders “do not include payments at this time.” In other words, NASA will pay for performance, not mere promises of performance – because human lives are on the line. “They fall under the current Commercial Crew Transportation Capability contracts, and bring the total number of missions awarded to each provider to six,” NASA officials announced. Hull of the Boeing CST-100 Starliner Structural Test Article (STA)- the first Starliner to be built in the company’s modernized Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility high bay at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com The goal of the CCP program is to ensure robust and reliable crew transportation to the International Space Station in this decade and beyond – using American rockets and capsules launching from American soil. A further goal is to end America’s sole reliance on Russia for transporting American astronauts to and from the space station using Russia’s Soyuz crew capsules. Since the forced retirement of NASA’s Space Shuttle’s in July 2011, NASA astronauts and its partners have been 100% dependent on Russia for rides to space – currently to the tune of over $80 million per seat. By awarding these new contracts, Boeing and SpaceX should be able to plan further ahead in the future, order long lead time hardware and software, and ultimately cut costs through economy of scale. “Awarding these missions now will provide greater stability for the future space station crew rotation schedule, as well as reduce schedule and financial uncertainty for our providers,” said Phil McAlister, director, NASA’s Commercial Spaceflight Development Division, in a statement. “The ability to turn on missions as needed to meet the needs of the space station program is an important aspect of the Commercial Crew Program.” Each spaceship can deliver a crew of four and 220 pounds of cargo, experiments and gear to the million pound science laboratory orbiting Earth at an altitude of appox. 250 miles (400 km). They also serve as a lifeboat in case the occupants need to evacuate the station for any reason. Boeing and SpaceX are building private spaceships to resume launching US astronauts from US soil to the International Space Station in 2018. Credit: NASA Boeing and SpaceX were awarded contracts by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden in September 2014 worth $6.8 Billion to complete the development and manufacture of the privately developed Starliner CST-100 and Crew Dragon astronaut transporters, respectively, under the agency’s Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) program and NASA’s Launch America initiative. The CCP initiative was started back in 2010 under the Obama Administration to replace NASA’s outgoing space shuttle orbiters. However, launch targets for first fight by the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon have been repeatedly postponed from 2015 to 2018 – in the latest iteration – due to severe and extremely shortsighted funding cutbacks by Congress year after year. Thus NASA has been forced to order several years more additional Soyuz taxi seat flights and send hundreds and hundreds of millions of more US dollars to Putin’s Russia – thanks to the US Congress. Congress enjoys whining about Russia on one hand, while at the same time they put America’s aerospace workers on the unemployment line by curtailing NASA’s ability to move forward and put Americans back to work. There is ample bipartisan blame for this sad state of affairs. The Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon are both Made in America. The Boeing Starliner is being manufactured at the Kennedy Space Center inside a repurposed and renovated former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing hangar. This author has visited the C3PF facility periodically to observe and assess Boeing’s progress. The honeycombed upper dome of a Boeing Starliner spacecraft on a work stand inside the company’s Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The upper dome is part of Spacecraft 1 , the first flightworthy Starliner being developed in partnership with NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Indeed, Boeing has already started construction of the first flight worthy Starliner – currently dubbed Spacecraft 1- at KSC this past summer 2016. Looking inside the newly upgraded Starliner mockup with display panel, astronauts seats, gear and hatch at top that will dock to the new International Docking Adapter (IDA) on the ISS. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com The SpaceX Crew Dragon is being manufactured at company headquarters in Hawthorne, California. Blastoff of the first SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft on its first unmanned test flight, or Demonstration Mission 1, is postponed from May 2017 to November 2017, according to the latest quarterly revision just released by NASA last month in Dec. 2016. Liftoff of the first piloted Crew Dragon with a pair of NASA astronauts strapped in has slipped from August 2017 to May 2018. Launch of the first uncrewed Boeing Starliner, known as an Orbital Flight Test, has slipped to June 2018. Liftoff of the first crewed Starliner is now slated for August 2018, possibly several months after SpaceX. But the schedules keep changing so it’s anyone’s guess as to when these commercial crew launches will actually occur. Boeing’s uncrewed flight test, known as an Orbital Flight Test, is currently scheduled for June 2018 and its crewed flight test currently is planned for August 2018. “Once the flight tests are complete and NASA certifies the providers for flight, the post-certification missions to the space station can begin,” NASA official said. Fiery blastoff of a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Atlas V rocket like this one will launch the Boeing CST-100 Starliner to the ISS. Note the newly installed crew access tower and crew access arm and white room. Here is is carrying the EchoStar XIX satellite from Space Launch Complex-41 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl., at 2:13 p.m. EST on Dec. 18, 2016. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Meanwhile the rockets and launch pads for Boeing and SpaceX are also being developed, modified and refurbished as warranted. The launch pads for both are located on Florida’s Space Coast. The Boeing CST-100 Starliner will launch on a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Space Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The SpaceX Crew Dragon will launch on the company’s own Falcon 9 from Launch Pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center. SpaceX is renovating Launch Complex 39A at the Kennedy Space Center for launches of commercial and human rated Falcon 9 rockets as well as the Falcon Heavy, as seen here during Dec 2016 with construction of a dedicated new transporter/erector. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Stay tuned here for Ken’s continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news. Ken Kremer A crane lifts the Crew Access Arm and White Room for Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner spacecraft for mating to the Crew Access Tower at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station’s Space Launch Complex 41 on Aug. 15, 2016. Astronauts will walk through the arm to board the Starliner spacecraft stacked atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related By Ken Kremer  -       Dr. Ken Kremer is a speaker, research scientist, freelance science journalist (Princeton, NJ) and photographer whose articles, space exploration images and Mars mosaics have appeared in magazines, books, websites and calendars including Astronomy Picture of the Day, NBC, FOX, BBC, SPACE.com, Spaceflight Now, Science and the covers of Aviation Week & Space Technology, Spaceflight and the Explorers Club magazines. Ken has presented at numerous educational institutions, civic & religious organizations, museums and astronomy clubs. Ken has reported first hand from the Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, NASA Wallops, NASA Michoud/Stennis/Langley and on over 70 launches including 8 shuttle launches. He lectures on both Human and Robotic spaceflight - www.kenkremer.com. Follow Ken on Facebook and Twitter Chandra Spots Two Cosmic Heavy-Hitters at Once Could Garnet Planets be Habitable? astronauts, Atlas V rocket, Boeing CST 100 Starliner, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Crew Dragon, Falcon 9 rocket, Featured, kennedy space center, pad 39A, SLC-41, space taxi, SpaceX crew Dragon, ULA, United Launch Alliance Related posts Mars Curiosity Rolls Up to Potential New Meteorite Chilean Government Releases Declassified UFO Video SpaceX Falcon 9 Comes Roaring Back to Life with Dramatically Successful Iridium Fleet Launch and Ocean Ship Landing Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comments RSS Feed Subscribe to Universe Today via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 5,843 other subscribers Email Address Solar System The Sun Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Pluto © Copyright 2017    Universe Today TOP Powered by Fraser Cain Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Close Help make Universe Today better today! See no ads, get videos early, hang out with the team
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Bob King, 87, reflects on his career with Boeing at his home in Kirkwood, Missouri, on Dec. 22. (J.B. Forbes/St. Louis Post-Dispatch) At 87, the pink slip catches up to longtime Boeing engineer Thu Jan 5th, 2017 1:31pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Jesse Bogan, St. Louis Post-Dispatch KIRKWOOD, Mo. — The day the boss man finally came for Bob King was July 22. That day started out as routine. King stuffed a low-sodium breakfast and lunch into a brown sack and nosed his 2011 Toyota Camry north on Lindbergh Boulevard all the way to Boeing. The stalwart employee found a parking space on the sprawling lot near the airport and ambled to the front door, cane in hand. Then he went down a long hall to the elevator, up a few floors, across another hallway and a few more stairs to Building No. 32, where he settled into a cubicle. King, 87, ran his blue eyes over spreadsheets and databases. In his latest gig as a systems engineer in Off-Boeing Programs, he kept track of the labyrinth of regulations and directions on how to install new wings on the A-10 Warthog used by the U.S. Air Force. In his seat that memorable day last summer, a manager — about the age of King’s children — tapped him on the shoulder. His career, which spanned more than a half-century of aerospace innovation, was coming to an end. “I got caught in a RIF,” said King, perturbed. “You know what that is?” King was part of a reduction in force at the $97 billion behemoth. All of a sudden, he had 60 days to prepare for retirement and pass along parting knowledge. There had been celebrations for him throughout his tenure, marking 40 years of service, 45 and 50. In September, after 53 years with Boeing, a cake-cutting marked his forced retirement. A layoff, even this late in life, stings. King was one of the oldest of 14,000 Boeing employees in the St. Louis area. Yet he still sounded a little bitter. Then he yielded. “God knew I was never going to retire and he said, ‘I have news for you,’” said King, a devout member of Trinity Lutheran Church. “I’d have worked forever.” And so King has come home to Kirkwood. He and his wife, Donamay, live in a ranch home with three bedrooms and one bath. They bought it in 1964 for $18,500 and raised six children there born within a span of seven years. While Bob chipped away at missiles and electronic equipment, Donamay ran the packed home on Cherry Street. “Some guys will do anything to get out of the house and get out of yard work,” Donamay, finally coming out to talk, said laughing. “He’s a workaholic with airplanes and other stuff. Nothing around here.” They met as children in a rural area near Toledo, Ohio, where, at times, they grew up without running water. Sometimes he cut asparagus and picked tomatoes for Donamay’s father, who had a vegetable and fruit business. “Maybe my dad was a little bit like my husband because my dad just worked and worked and worked. So did my mom,” Donamay said. “Sometimes he was so tired, he’d be sitting there eating an apple and he’d fall asleep. He was a good guy.” Bob King was valedictorian of his high school class of 18 students, according to a newspaper clip. He studied engineering at the University of Toledo and taught radar repair in the Marine Corps. Starting in the 1950s, he cut his teeth for a decade at Convair in San Diego by helping develop flight control systems for the F-102 Delta Dagger and F-106 Delta Dart. “Those were good days when I would go out and work on the aircraft and go down to production and teach them how to rig the flight control,” he said. Upon moving to St. Louis in 1963 to work at McDonnell Aircraft, what would eventually become Boeing through a series of mergers, he developed the reputation of a tenacious analyzer. “I have excellent skills at seeing the big picture and the little details all at the same time and keeping it all in the proper perspective,” he said. Tim Bartlett, director of Off-Boeing Programs, confirmed as much. King was recently one of 300 employees under Bartlett’s wing. He said none of them, other than King, worked beyond their 60s. Boeing didn’t provide broader personnel demographics but pointed to stories a few years ago about Elinor Otto, a 93-year-old “Rosie the Riveter” who still worked for the company in California at the time. Bartlett said King was respected late in his career for his intelligence: “A lot of wisdom. A lot of history. He’s also attuned to state-of-the-art systems.” Bartlett, 47, shares the same birthday with his former employee. “Bob is definitely good at giving me feedback,” he said. “I valued it at different times for sure.” King previously held management positions and, as part of the corporate planning department, researched ways the company could diversify product lines and possibly get out of others. “Should we build buses? Trains?” King said. “We even looked at Peabody (Energy) at one time and said, ‘No way.’” In the 1970s, he was involved with the suspended maneuvering system, which was supposed to help fire departments pluck people from burning high-rises. “We felt there was a need for it,” King said. But it didn’t become mass-produced because the system required a medium-size helicopter to deploy. Most cities had small helicopters that couldn’t support the weight. Reflecting on the project, King talked about the complexity of bringing a new product to market. “There is a long way between an idea and design and development and production,” he said. He was also an engineer on the cruise missile and Tomahawk weapons system. He said he was a “trusted agent” with the Navy. He justified helping manufacture lethal weapons by weighing the alternative. “We are building what we need to keep the peace,” he said. “Hopefully, we never use it, but you can’t afford to be without it.” King’s health eventually became an obstacle along his career path. He had a heart attack in 1989. A 2005 stroke limited use of his right arm. More recently, he’s had a stent put in his left carotid artery. With congestive heart failure, fluid sometimes needs to be drained from his body. He’s limited to consuming no more than 64 ounces of water per day. He still spends a lot of time behind a desk, only now it’s at home, where he studies various Excel spreadsheets. Each cell has Bible verses and other details for his “Kingdom of God” book project. He watchdogs his investments, which have included tuition for grandchildren and great-grandchildren, donations to many charities and his own retirement. As part of his layoff package, he was paid one week’s salary for every year he worked. Sounding disappointed again, he said Boeing capped the payout at 26 years of service. Not that he needs the extra money. The house and family car are paid for many times over. He said he wants to tutor math and stay involved in other projects. He said it’s time to spend time at home with Donamay. “People ask me about Bob, and I say he’s going to do what he’s going to do,” she said. “He probably says the same about me.” They are getting to know each other again. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Jet-buying binge nears end as Boeing, Airbus brace for slowdown THURSDAY, JAN. 5, 2017, 11:45 A.M. By Julie Johnsson Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS The Boeing 787 Dreamliner at the Paris Air Show in 2015. Boeing and rival Airbus Group face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. A glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years. (Remy de la Mauviniere / AP) The unprecedented jetliner shopping spree that’s spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close. That’s bad news for Boeing and Airbus Group, which face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. Final 2016 tallies to be unveiled over the next few days will probably show aircraft orders trailing shipments, a sign of a weakening market. Airline profits are poised to fall from last year’s peak, with even Persian Gulf juggernauts Emirates and Etihad Airways tempering growth. Unlike past retrenchments triggered by terrorism or recession, demand has also been hurt by the relatively low cost of fuel. While oil has risen in the past year, prices are hovering at about $50 a barrel, half of what they were in mid-2014. That gives airlines less incentive to retire older jetliners or order newer, more efficient models. The glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years for the lucrative 737 and A320 families of single-aisle aircraft. With last week’s revelation that Emirates is postponing a dozen Airbus A380 superjumbos, the total number of delivery delays for the year reached 251, the most since at least 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyzer data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s not that the sky is falling, but we are definitely late in the cycle,” said Ron Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp. So far, planemakers have been able to find other takers for production slots that have been vacated as carriers such as United Continental and Southwest Airlines postpone deliveries and scan the secondary market for bargains. “The real question becomes how long are they able to do that for,” Epstein said during a presentation last month. Nobody knows how steep the downturn will be or how long it will last, and the trade war with China threatened by President-elect Donald Trump only adds to the uncertainty. In contrast to previous slowdowns, global air travel is still growing and airlines are mostly making money, providing assurance they’ll follow through on the bulk of their orders. Airbus and Boeing are sitting on a near-record $1.2 trillion order backlog, and to some extent are victims of their own success. Airlines aren’t racing to close deals for jetliner models that are sold out for the rest of the decade, such as Airbus’s A350 and Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner. As the second-largest U.S. defense contractor, Chicago-based Boeing has an added cushion: Weapons sales seem likely to increase because Trump has vowed to boost military budgets, even as he’s railed against costs. There are signs, however, that the aerospace cycle has peaked. Global airline profit this year is forecast to fall 16 percent to $29.8 billion from 2016’s apex, according to the International Air Transport Association, an industry trade group. Another indicator of the aircraft manufacturing’s health, a measure of sales to shipments known as the book-to-bill ratio, is expected fall to the weakest level since the 2009 recession, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Boeing had netted 470 orders through Dec. 20, well short of its targeted deliveries of 740 to 745 planes for the year. Airbus reported 410 net orders through November. The European planemaker had been aiming to deliver 670 jetliners in 2016, 20 more than it forecast at the start of the year. The annual totals don’t include sales to Iran or deals closed late in December, including an order for 75 Boeing 737 Max placed by General Electric Co.’s aircraft leasing division. Spokesmen for Boeing and Airbus declined to comment. Airbus shares gained only 1.4 percent last year after surging 50 percent in 2015. Boeing climbed 7.7 percent, trailing the S&P 500 Index. The outlook for Boeing investors this year is worse, with a potential return of 0.4 percent based on the average 12-month target price of 26 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. By the same yardstick, Airbus is poised for a 3.6 percent increase. The market is also absorbing a glut of twin-aisle jets after output increased at a 16 percent annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Last month, Boeing announced a second cut in the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while Airbus’s A330neo orders have stalled, he said. About 18,070 passenger planes were in service as of November, a 41 percent jump from 2007, according to a Dec. 19 report by Deutsche Bank. Only 6.6 percent of the global fleet was stored, down from 8.3 percent in November 2007. “It’s different manifestations of the same problem,” Aboulafia said. “With twin-aisles, it’s demand. With single-aisles, it’s fuel.” There are other indications that the market is saturated: Lease rates peaked in 2015, while aircraft values have retreated since January 2016, said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. Even prices for in-demand narrow-bodies like Boeing’s 737 and Airbus’s A320 could be at risk over the next three years if the planemakers follow through on plans to increase output 36 percent. “Our analysis shows capacity growth will be too high with production rates increasing and retirements remaining low, so something has to give,” Dimitroff said. “Unless we see global air-travel growth above 7 percent over the next few years, it’s difficult to see how all that additional capacity on the market will be filled.” Published: Jan. 5, 2017, 11:45 a.m.  Tags: Airbus, airlines, airplanes, aviation, Boeing, jetliners, jet sales Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:45pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Jet-buying binge nears end as Boeing, Airbus brace for slowdown By Julie Johnsson 7:45 AM Friday Jan 6, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Airbus Group Airlines Aviation Boeing Business Travel Markets United States Crewman tow in a Boeing Max 737 jet. Photo / Mike Kane The unprecedented jetliner shopping spree that's spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close. That's bad news for Boeing and Airbus Group, which face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. Final 2016 tallies to be unveiled over the next few days will probably show aircraft orders trailing shipments, a sign of a weakening market. Airline profits are poised to fall from last year's peak, with even Persian Gulf juggernauts Emirates and Etihad Airways tempering growth. Unlike past retrenchments triggered by terrorism or recession, demand has also been hurt by the relatively low cost of fuel. While oil has risen in the past year, prices are hovering at about $50 a barrel, half of what they were in mid-2014. That gives airlines less incentive to retire older jetliners or order newer, more efficient models. The glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years for the lucrative 737 and A320 families of single-aisle aircraft. With last week's revelation that Emirates is postponing a dozen Airbus A380 superjumbos, the total number of delivery delays for the year reached 251, the most since at least 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyser data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. "It's not that the sky is falling, but we are definitely late in the cycle," said Ron Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp. So far, planemakers have been able to find other takers for production slots that have been vacated as carriers such as United Continental and Southwest Airlines postpone deliveries and scan the secondary market for bargains. "The real question becomes how long are they able to do that for," Epstein said during a presentation last month. Continued below. Related Content Leading questions: Harbour Asset Management managing director Andrew Bascand Piece of land near where Polynesian navigator Kupe first set foot on New Zealand is for sale How Qatar's Auckland-bound plane stacks up against the competition Nobody knows how steep the downturn will be or how long it will last, and the trade war with China threatened by President-elect Donald Trump only adds to the uncertainty. In contrast to previous slowdowns, global air travel is still growing and airlines are mostly making money, providing assurance they'll follow through on the bulk of their orders. Airbus and Boeing are sitting on a near-record $1.2 trillion (NZ$1.7t) order backlog, and to some extent are victims of their own success. Airlines aren't racing to close deals for jetliner models that are sold out for the rest of the decade, such as Airbus's A350 and Boeing's 787 Dreamliner. As the second-largest US defence contractor, Chicago-based Boeing has an added cushion: Weapons sales seem likely to increase because Trump has vowed to boost military budgets, even as he's railed against costs. It's not the sky is falling, but we're definitely late in the cycle. Ron Epstein, Bank of America analyst There are signs, however, that the aerospace cycle has peaked. Global airline profit this year is forecast to fall 16 per cent to $29.8 billion (NZ$42.4b) from 2016's apex, according to the International Air Transport Association, an industry trade group. Another indicator of the aircraft manufacturing health, a measure of sales to shipments known as the book-to-bill ratio, is expected fall to the weakest level since the 2009 recession, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Boeing had netted 470 orders through Dec. 20, well short of its targeted deliveries of 740 to 745 planes for the year. Airbus reported 410 net orders through November. The European planemaker had been aiming to deliver 670 jetliners in 2016, 20 more than it forecast at the start of the year. The annual totals don't include sales to Iran or deals closed late in December, including an order for 75 Boeing 737 Max placed by General Electric Co.'s aircraft leasing division. Spokesmen for Boeing and Airbus declined to comment. Airbus shares gained only 1.4 per cent last year after surging 50 per cent in 2015. Boeing climbed 7.7 percent, trailing the S&P 500 Index. The outlook for Boeing investors this year is worse, with a potential return of 0.4 per cent based on the average 12-month target price of 26 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. By the same yardstick, Airbus is poised for a 3.6 per cent increase. Our analysis shows capacity growth will be too high with production rates increasing and retirements remaining low, so something has to give. George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy The market is also absorbing a glut of twin-aisle jets after output increased at a 16 per cent annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Last month, Boeing announced a second cut in the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while Airbus's A330neo orders have stalled, he said. About 18,070 passenger planes were in service as of November, a 41 per cent jump from 2007, according to a Dec. 19 report by Deutsche Bank. Only 6.6 per cent of the global fleet was stored, down from 8.3 per cent in November 2007. "It's different manifestations of the same problem," Aboulafia said. "With twin-aisles, it's demand. With single-aisles, it's fuel." There are other indications that the market is saturated: Lease rates peaked in 2015, while aircraft values have retreated since January 2016, said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. Even prices for in-demand narrow-bodies like Boeing's 737 and Airbus's A320 could be at risk over the next three years if the planemakers follow through on plans to increase output 36 per cent. "Our analysis shows capacity growth will be too high with production rates increasing and retirements remaining low, so something has to give," Dimitroff said. "Unless we see global air-travel growth above 7 per cent over the next few years, it's difficult to see how all that additional capacity on the market will be filled." By Julie Johnsson Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Cannabis club member granted bail A member of a Whangarei "cannabis club" facing drugs charges has been given bail. Sarah… Hawke's Bay Today Heed fire ban to keep region safe I'm getting used to rolling past parched fields on my bicycle. As summer approaches… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 16 Jan 2017 15:45:01 Processing Time: 663ms
Login Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Profile Subscriptions Mobile Tablet 100th Anniversary Issue News Front Page Local News Crimes & Cases Sports Obituaries Op-Ed Editorial Letters People & Culture Arts & Leisure Links Editorial Department View Classifieds Post A Classified Subscriptions Webmaster Archive Copyright© 2008-2016 Ridgewood Times Printing & Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved Member of the QUEENS CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Newspaper web site content management software and services Letters January 5, 2017   Search Archives WANT AMERICAN JOBS? UPHOLD THIS AIR DEAL WITH IRAN Last September, Washington granted permission to the American aerospace manufacturer Boeing and its European rival Airbus (which uses some American components) to sell commercial aircraft to Iran. Iran has reached a $16.6 billion deal to buy 80 jetliners from Boeing. Boeing asserts that this sale will support thousands of U.S. jobs. Iran has also reached a deal to buy 100 additional aircraft from Airbus. Opponents of the nuclear agreement between Iran and the U.S. seek to block the sale by Boeing. But if they are successful, Iran will buy all of its jets from Airbus instead of Boeing. To create American jobs, the sale by Boeing should be approved. Otherwise, to create a level playing field for Boeing, the sales by both Boeing and Airbus should be blocked. Ted Sheskin, Flushing
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg SpaceX, Boeing Secure ISS Crew Rotation Mission Contracts From NASA 5 January 2017, 7:29 am EST By Kalyan Kumar Tech Times Fascinating Facts About NASANow Playing Space Travel - Five Cool FactsNow Playing NASA has announced four more contracts to SpaceX and Boeing for crewed flights to the International Space Station in 2018. This takes the total number of missions to SpaceX and Boeing to six each.  ( Alexander Gerst | ESA via Getty Images ) Advertisement NASA has bestowed four more contracts each to SpaceX and Boeing for ferrying astronauts to the International Space Station in 2018. The new crew rotation missions to the private firms will take the number of total missions with SpaceX and Boeing to six each. A statement from NASA said the space taxis will transport up to four astronauts and 220 pounds of critical cargo to the space station. "Awarding these missions now will provide greater stability for the future space station crew rotation schedule, as well as reduce schedule and financial uncertainty for our providers," said Phil McAlister, director of NASA's Commercial Spaceflight Development Division. Flight Schedules The debut flight test of Space X without crews is expected in November, to be followed up by a Crew Dragon capsule test in May 2018. Boeing's CST-100 Starliner test with crew will take off in August 2018. In the crewed missions, a lifeboat capability will be a highlight, allowing the ISS astronauts to return safely to Earth in an emergency. Despite the publicized schedules, the crewed missions to ISS would take off only after the companies get the flight certification nod from NASA. For NASA, the fresh contracts make sense, as the arrangements have to be in place for the transfer of astronauts to ISS as the deal with Russian Space agency may not continue beyond 2018. The United States ended its Space Shuttle program in 2011 and was relying on Russia's Soyuz rockets to ferry ISS crew. For using the services of the Russian spacecraft to ferry astronauts to and from the ISS, the spending by NASA was near $80 million for every seat on the Soyuz rocket. Russia's space agency Roscosmos stated in 2015 that it will not continue the arrangement of sending U.S. astronauts to the ISS after 2018. This has added a new urgency to NASA. It means SpaceX or Boeing has to keep the capsules ready by 2018 to manage the U.S. presence on the space station. NASA inked the space taxi contracts with Boeing and SpaceX in 2014 and offered them two missions each as a starter. Both Space X and Boeing will be launching their space taxi services from Florida's Space Coast. Boeing may operate from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, while SpaceX will opt for the Kennedy Space Center of NASA. ISS Transit Meanwhile, an opportunity is coming up to see the International Space Station passing in front of the sun on Thursday morning at the Denver Metro area. A map of the space station's transit across the sun through Denver has been released by the Denver Astronomical Society. The transit is expected at 11:16 a.m. Thursday. For watching the ISS solar transit, binoculars or telescopes with an eyepiece and solar filter must be used. "The sun is way too bright to look at without safe filters. It can actually cause blindness, either temporary, or in some cases, permanent damage to the eye," said Ron Hranac, president of the Denver Astronomical Society. Since the movement of ISS will be will be faster, it will take only less than a second to pass across the sun. TAG NASA, SpaceX, ISS, Boeing, Soyuz © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles SpaceX Successfully Launches Falcon 9 Rocket Carrying Dragon Cargo Ship With Critical Equipment And Supplies For NASA SpaceX Dragon brings home 3,500-lb. cargo from ISS, parachutes safely into Pacific Ocean NASA Chief Scientist Leaves Space Agency For ‘New Adventures’ NASA To Begin ISS Battery Replacement Work On New Year's Eve NASA Cassini Spacecraft Offers Never-Before-Seen View Of Saturn's Moon Pandora From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS Weather Traffic Sports Radio Ways to Listen Podcasts On-Demand Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle AM 770 KTTH Mobile Apps KIRO Radio App 710 ESPN Seattle App Promotions Contests and Events Voices KIRO Radio Dave Ross Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney MyNorthwest MyNorthwest Blog News Local News National News Politics Chokepoints Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Features Tools Weather Traffic Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Latest News Brady Henderson Doug Baldwin on end of Seahawks' season: 'It's kind of like mourning right now' Local News Another stabbing reported at Alderwood Mall Dori Monson Seahawks photographer Rod Mar explains why photos are still king Local News Russell Wilson moves on from Seahawks' playoff loss in way only he can Local News Man suspected in Bellevue arson had run-in at mosque last summer UW Huskies' comeback turned back by Stanford in 76-69 defeat Danny ONeil Penalty on Devin Hester's big punt return hurt, but it may have only delayed Seahawks' loss to Falcons Brady Henderson Pete Carroll: DeShawn Shead suffered significant knee injury in Seahawks' loss to Falcons Seattle Seahawks Instant reaction: 710 ESPN Seattle on Seahawks' loss to Atlanta Danny ONeil Seahawks burned by Falcons' offense, knocked out of playoffs with 36-20 loss WSU Cal overcomes sluggish offense to beat Washington State 58-54 Danny ONeil C.J. Prosise among Seahawks' inactives in playoff game vs Falcons Brady Henderson Final thoughts: Seahawks need Steven Terrell at his best vs Falcons Dave Ross 'Strange' law affecting Hollywood will most likely be overturned, McKenna says Local News Mayor Murray dumps Seattle's bike share program Local News Unconscious driver found with needle in his arm on I-5 Brent Stecker Mariners outright reliever Cody Martin to Triple-A Tacoma Local News Seahawks fan goes the extra miles to show his ultimate dedication Local News Why Bertha hasn't moved since the holidays Local News Historic Green Lake ice is tempting but treacherous, say experts Chokepoints Expect traffic delays between Seattle and Bellevue this weekend Tom Tangney 'Paterson' is a poetic film, about a poet, and a bus driver Local News How Seattle schools are planning for a $74 million funding fall Dave Ross Mass deportation is, sort of, off the table Dave Ross Why Tukwila is suffering more than neighboring schools Dori Monson Meet the secret weapon behind the Seahawks' head games Ron and Don Ron and Don Nation: Let's flood Seattle's Union Gospel Mission with most-needed items Local News Mukilteo shooter: 'I wish they never sold me a firearm' Dori Monson Father of Tacoma murder victim lost daughter to heroin first Local News Mukilteo shooter sentenced to life in prison   Home Local News Sports Traffic Weather LIVE Radio Podcasts Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason Rantz Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach KIRO Radio 97.3 FM Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule 710 ESPN Seattle Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule AM 770 KTTH Listen LIVE Podcasts On-Air Schedule Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Local News Big 737 order is good news for Boeing By Dyer Oxley, MyNorthwest.com Writer   | January 5, 2017 @ 5:41 am A GECAS company 737 MAX 8 airplane. (Courtesy of Boeing) Comments Share Tweet Share Share After weeks of what seemed like ongoing bad news for Boeing, the company finished out 2016 with a huge order for one of its most successful planes. The order will keep Boeing workers in Renton busy for “years to come,” according to Doug Alder with Boeing. “This is a big order to end 2016 for Boeing,” Alder said. “It involves 75 of our brand new 737 MAX airplanes.” Related: Why Boeing’s problems are nothing when compared to ‘the old days’ GE Capital Aviation Services is the commercial aircraft leasing and financing arm of General Electric. As of December 2016, an order for 75 of the 737 MAX 8 airplanes has been placed. It’s a deal worth $8.25 billion. “They are in the business of buying airplanes and they will take those airplanes and lease them out to airlines across the world,” Alder said. “With this order, they actually become the largest aircraft leasing company to have the MAX on order,” he added. “They continue to grow their MAX fleet and are the largest owner of a MAX fleet in the world. They have a total of 170 on order.” The 737 MAX is the fasted-selling airplane in the aerospace company’s history. The company has taken 3,419 orders for the model. “Our narrowbody single-aisle products like the 737 and the 737 MAX, we see robust demand for that,” Alder said. “So Renton is going to stay busy for a long time.” The bad and good news for Boeing While the news is good for Boeing’s Renton operations, Alder said it won’t affect manufacturing at the company’s Everett site. Boeing announced late in 2016 that it was lowering production and staffing levels in Everett in response to lower-than-expected demand for its 777 jets. The company had planned to deliver seven of the 777 model per month, but it didn’t receive enough orders for the jets and therefore cut back. The news came shortly before the company also decided to halt its staggered scheduling for 787 workers in Everett. The start times were costing too much money, and the change is hoped to increase efficiency. A concern, however, is that local traffic could be negatively affected. Other departments in Everett could also see a scheduling change. This all came amid negative tweets about the company posted by President-elect Donald Trump. Trump claimed the aerospace company’s prices for new Air Force One planes was too steep, and that he would reject any deal. He also bad mouthed a potential deal for next generation fighter jets. This prompted a meeting with Boeing’s CEO to smooth things over. It seemed to have worked, according to Boeing. The next day, Trump made a more favorable tweet about Boeing. Comments Share Tweet Share Share Most Popular Meet the secret weapon behind the Seahawks' head games Why Tukwila is suffering more than neighboring schools How Seattle schools are planning for a $74 million funding fall More Another stabbing reported at Alderwood Mall Russell Wilson moves on from Seahawks' playoff loss in way only he can Man suspected in Bellevue arson had run-in at mosque last summer Mayor Murray dumps Seattle's bike share program Unconscious driver found with needle in his arm on I-5 About the Author Dyer Oxley Dyer Oxley joined the MyNorthwest.com team in April 2015. He graduated from Portland State University and has worked as a reporter in the Puget Sound region since 2011. Email Dyer at roxley@mynorthwest.com Top Stories O'Neil: Missed opportunities not only reason why Seahawks lost Doug Baldwin on end of ’the season: ‘It’s kind of like mourning right now’ The most popular stories of the week on MyNorthwest Sponsored Articles Four craft spirits brands to watch for in 2017 New medical school presents opportunities for students and patients 6 things you need to know about self-driving vehicles Comments Comment guidelines: No name-calling, personal attacks, profanity, or insults. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate comments by reporting abuse. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Latest News Brady Henderson Doug Baldwin on end of Seahawks' season: 'It's kind of like mourning right now' Local News Another stabbing reported at Alderwood Mall Dori Monson Seahawks photographer Rod Mar explains why photos are still king Local News Russell Wilson moves on from Seahawks' playoff loss in way only he can Local News Man suspected in Bellevue arson had run-in at mosque last summer UW Huskies' comeback turned back by Stanford in 76-69 defeat Danny ONeil Penalty on Devin Hester's big punt return hurt, but it may have only delayed Seahawks' loss to Falcons Brady Henderson Pete Carroll: DeShawn Shead suffered significant knee injury in Seahawks' loss to Falcons Seattle Seahawks Instant reaction: 710 ESPN Seattle on Seahawks' loss to Atlanta Danny ONeil Seahawks burned by Falcons' offense, knocked out of playoffs with 36-20 loss WSU Cal overcomes sluggish offense to beat Washington State 58-54 Danny ONeil C.J. Prosise among Seahawks' inactives in playoff game vs Falcons Brady Henderson Final thoughts: Seahawks need Steven Terrell at his best vs Falcons Dave Ross 'Strange' law affecting Hollywood will most likely be overturned, McKenna says Local News Mayor Murray dumps Seattle's bike share program Local News Unconscious driver found with needle in his arm on I-5 Brent Stecker Mariners outright reliever Cody Martin to Triple-A Tacoma Local News Seahawks fan goes the extra miles to show his ultimate dedication Local News Why Bertha hasn't moved since the holidays Local News Historic Green Lake ice is tempting but treacherous, say experts Chokepoints Expect traffic delays between Seattle and Bellevue this weekend Tom Tangney 'Paterson' is a poetic film, about a poet, and a bus driver Local News How Seattle schools are planning for a $74 million funding fall Dave Ross Mass deportation is, sort of, off the table Dave Ross Why Tukwila is suffering more than neighboring schools Dori Monson Meet the secret weapon behind the Seahawks' head games Ron and Don Ron and Don Nation: Let's flood Seattle's Union Gospel Mission with most-needed items Local News Mukilteo shooter: 'I wish they never sold me a firearm' Dori Monson Father of Tacoma murder victim lost daughter to heroin first Local News Mukilteo shooter sentenced to life in prison Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Real Estate Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
Business Home LBoard Racial politics not welcome in Johor, ruler warns Mahathir FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing gets US$8.25 billion order from GE plane leasing arm AFP | January 5, 2017 Boeing said its 737 Max model has had a total of 3,419 orders, making it the aerospace giant's fastest-selling plane in history. NEW YORK: Boeing won a contract to supply 75 single-aisle 737 Max 8 planes to General Electric’s airplane leasing arm worth $8.25 billion at current listed prices, the companies announced Wednesday. The order, booked in December, increases GE Capital Aviation Services’ backlog of the popular Boeing model to 170 planes. Boeing said its 737 Max model has had a total of 3,419 orders, making it the aerospace giant’s fastest-selling plane in history. GECAS has a fleet of more than 1,950 aircraft and has customers in more than 74 countries. It also works in aviation financing. Shares of Boeing rose 1.0 percent to $158.45, while GE advanced 0.1 percent to $31.71 in midday trade. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story KSU kementerian, 2 anak lelaki direman 7 hari Smartphone with Google 3D Tango from Taiwan’s Asus ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? Mara henti taja bola sepak Kelantan Henti perang mulut mengenai BR1M, kata Khairy Women are always asking for it, right? Challenges faced by our graduates ‘Boss, boss’ then video on attack ends Chettiars strike back over state Hindu body claims Would you live near a cemetery? Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost Huge win foreseen if BN fields Jamilah ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost Challenges faced by our graduates Women are always asking for it, right? The story behind Penang’s 95% debt reduction MCA perlu henti layan jerat politik DAP Corruption in civil service has created trust deficit More... FMT Bahasa 3 rakyat Malaysia sertai IS maut di Syria BN menang besar jika balu Adenan jadi calon KWSP mungkin benarkan keluar caruman beli komputer Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? Badan baharu sekat fahaman melampau di kalangan Rohingya di Malaysia Malaysia digesa berusaha bawa pulang 2 tahanan Guantanamo More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Meritage Portfolio Management Sells 55 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) January 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Meritage Portfolio Management cut its position in shares of Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) by 0.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 36,798 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after selling 55 shares during the period. Meritage Portfolio Management’s holdings in Boeing Company (The) were worth $4,848,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.3% in the second quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 3,813 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $495,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the period. Bangor Savings Bank increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bangor Savings Bank now owns 2,221 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. now owns 2,034 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $268,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 0.8% in the third quarter. Stillwater Investment Management LLC now owns 1,965 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Finally, South Texas Money Management Ltd. increased its position in Boeing Company (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. South Texas Money Management Ltd. now owns 1,992 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 19 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 1.05% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $158.62. 3,189,810 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $97.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.24 and a beta of 1.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $153.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $138.30. Boeing Company has a 12-month low of $102.10 and a 12-month high of $160.07. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The aircraft producer reported $3.51 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.89. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 126.01% and a net margin of 4.52%. The firm had revenue of $23.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.73 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $2.52 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 7.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Boeing Company will post $7.09 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a dividend of $1.42 per share. This is an increase from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 66.36%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/04/meritage-portfolio-management-sells-55-shares-of-boeing-company-the-ba.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on BA shares. Citigroup Inc. reduced their price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) from $168.00 to $160.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Thursday, September 22nd. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $148.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Friday, September 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $147.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Finally, Robert W. Baird started coverage on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $161.00 price objective for the company. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Boeing Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $147.85. In other news, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 200,754 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $142.46, for a total transaction of $28,599,414.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance The Seahawks were a talented, yet flawed team that simply couldn't overcome a season-long pattern of inconsistency and some key… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Boeing books $3.8B order of 737 MAX jets from GE unit By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times Published: January 4, 2017, 5:18 PM A   A SEATTLE — Boeing booked a big 737 MAX order worth an estimated $3.8 billion from the aircraft leasing arm of GE during the holiday break. GE Capital Aviation Services ordered 75 MAX 8 aircraft. GECAS’s support for the MAX is unsurprising because GE is the exclusive engine supplier for the airplane with its new LEAP engine The sale should boost Boeing’s 2016 net order tally above 600 airplanes. Boeing has projected about 740 deliveries for the year. With the typical year-end rush of sales, the final order tally may be close to that delivery figure. Czech airline Travel Service said it signed a deal to buy five more 737 MAXs, adding to a previous order for 25 of the jets. Boeing will announce its final 2016 sales and delivery figures Friday. At list prices, the GECAS deal is valued at $8.25 billion, but such orders typically get large discounts. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:43 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing gets US$8.25b order from GE plane leasing arm Thursday January 5, 2017 07:54 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article One the engines of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner at Le Bourget airport, near Paris, during the 50th International Paris Air show, June 20, 2013. — AFP picNEW YORK, Jan 5 — Boeing won a contract to supply 75 single-aisle 737 Max 8 planes to General Electric’s airplane leasing arm worth US$8.25 billion (RM37.1 billion) at current listed prices, the companies announced yesterday. The order, booked in December, increases GE Capital Aviation Services’ backlog of the popular Boeing model to 170 planes.  Boeing said its 737 Max model has had a total of 3,419 orders, making it the aerospace giant’s fastest-selling plane in history. GECAS has a fleet of more than 1,950 aircraft and has customers in more than 74 countries. It also works in aviation financing. Shares of Boeing rose 1.0 per cent to US$158.45, while GE advanced 0.1 per cent to US$31.71 in midday trade. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Sterling plunges after Britain hints at ‘hard Brexit’ Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says (VIDEO) Takata to plead guilty, pay US$1b penalty over air bag defect Governments grapple with globalisation backlash Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Boeing's 2016 orders signal slowing sales boom By Doug Cameron Published: Jan 6, 2017 2:45 p.m. ET Share By DougCameron Boeing Co. said Friday that it won 668 net new orders last year worth $94.1 billion at list price, missing its goal of having orders match its deliveries and signaling that a seven-year boom in sales is drawing to a close. The haul still lifted Boeing's backlog of jet deals to 5,715 planes, but the 668 orders fell short of the 748 deliveries the company booked in 2016, as it prepares to boost output of its best-selling 737 single-aisle jets. Rapid growth in air travel in Asia and the arrival of new more fuel-efficient jets, just as oil prices started to spike, fueled demand from airlines and leasing companies for planes from Boeing and rival Airbus SE. However, growth has cooled, particularly for larger twin-aisle jets used for international flights, leading both companies to trim production of these models. Boeing's final order tally, including 180 cancellations over the year, was 848. Many cancellations were customers switching to the new 737 Max model that is due to start operating later this year. While carriers such as Southwest Airlines Co. and Turkish Airlines have deferred some deliveries, Boeing executives have said such moves remain below their historical average. The company's share price used to be closely correlated to order activity but this has waned in recent years, supplanted by free cash flow used to fund new jet development and a huge share buyback program. Boeing spent more than $7 billion on buybacks last year and in December the company raised the authorization for future repurchases to $14 billion. Airlines pay the bulk of an aircraft's price on delivery, and Boeing shipped 748 planes last year compared with 762 in 2015. Deliveries of military jets and helicopters slipped to 185 last year from 186 in 2015. Boeing shares climbed 8% last year, and Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg has said he expects sales to be flat in 2016 while cash flow rises. Mr. Muilenburg has played down the significance of matching orders to deliveries, and in September warned the target usually unveiled with fourth quarter earnings each January would be tough to achieve. However, he pointed to the huge backlog of undelivered planes as well as ongoing sales campaigns that could slip into 2017. Boeing has yet to book an 80-plane contract completed with Iran Air in December, citing the need for further government approvals. Airbus plans to book a 100-plane deal with Iran Air in its 2016 tally, due to be released on Jan. 11. Analysts expect the European manufacturer to have secured orders for around 600 jets last year compared with 1,080 in 2015. While the big backlogs help counter the impact on investor sentiment from the dip in orders, it also focuses more attention on the fate of some big deals signed at the start of the boom. Low-cost carriers such as Indonesia's Lion Air and Malaysia-based AirAsia Berhad rank among the top 10 customers of Airbus and Boeing, and some analysts doubt they will take all of the hundreds of planes they've ordered as airline industry profits decline. Both manufacturers deliberately book more orders than they can produce, expecting some cancellations or deferrals. Such moves can actually help profits as bigger deals usually attract larger discounts, so parceling up smaller lots of aircraft to new customers eager to avoid a wait of several years for jets can enhance earnings. Boeing aims to boost profit margins to the midteens from around 10%, excluding one-off charges at present. It has cut staff and introduced more automated manufacturing to boost productivity, as well as branching into more profitable services work. Analysts remain doubtful it can reach the target -- which is shared by its defense arm -- by the end of the decade, in part because of the dip in orders and its intense competition with Airbus. The new 737 Max is central to Boeing's expansion plans, and unlike the 787 Dreamliner, its development has been relatively smooth. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA expects to take its first planes in May, well ahead of Boeing's original target of delivering the initial planes by the third quarter. Southwest Airlines Co. also expects to receive the planes this year. Boeing is boosting monthly 737 output to 47 jets this year and plans to raise this to 52 and then 57 as it transitions to the Max model. Write to Doug Cameron at doug.cameron@wsj.com and Imani Moise at imani.moise@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Yahoo to Change Name; Marissa Mayer to Leave Board Bicyclist John Howard's 1985 Land-Speed Record Tillerson and Rubio Spar Over Russia Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 2016 Boeing Commercial Orders Fall Far Short of Deliveries By Paul Ausick January 6, 2017 12:40 pm EST Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) reported Thursday morning that it delivered a total of 748 commercial jets in 2016, slightly above its delivery target of 740 to 745 commercial planes. Boeing delivered 185 commercial planes in the fourth quarter. Boeing’s book-to-bill ratio plummeted from 0.975 in 2015 to 0.893. Of the company’s 668 new orders in 2016, 353 are attributed to unidentified customers and appear not to include the 80 planes ordered by Iran Air. A recent order for 75 737s from General Electric Co.’s (NYSE: GE) GECAS is included. Here is a list of 2016 deliveries by family, along with a comparison to 2015 totals. Boeing delivered a record total of 762 new commercial planes in 2015. 737: 490 (down five year over year) 747: nine (down nine) 767: 13 (down three) 777: 99 (up one) 787: 137 (up two) Boeing arch-rival Airbus reports 2016 deliveries and orders next week. The company has projected deliveries of 670 for 2016 and had booked just 410 net new orders through the end of November. The European aircraft maker delivered 635 planes in 2015 and wrote 1,036 net new orders. Net new orders in 2014 totaled 1,456 for Airbus and 1,432 for Boeing. Boeing’s backlog at the end of December totaled 5,715 commercial jets. Because Boeing values its backlog as contract prices rather than list prices, we won’t have a value on the backlog until the company reports quarterly results later this month. At the end of December 2015, Boeing’s backlog totaled 5,795. Here’s Boeing’s current price list for its commercial jets. Deliveries of military aircraft were slightly better in 2016. New and remanufactured Apache AH-64 attack helicopter deliveries rose from 61 in 2015 to 65. F/A-18 deliveries dropped from 35 to 25, and F-15 deliveries rose from 12 to 15. Boeing delivered 50 new and renewed CH-47 Chinook helicopters in 2016, down from 57 in 2015. Boeing’s shares traded up about 0.5% in the noon hour Friday, at $159.44 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $160.07. The stock’s consensus 12-month price target is $156.20. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Friday’s 6 Biopharma Movers That Can’t Be Ignored Nike, Goldman Sachs Lift DJIA Friday » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 6-Point Checklist for Making Sure You Can Afford to Invest Most Americans Are Dead Wrong About IRAs How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Boeing Can Survive a China Trade War By David Fickling Photographer: Jason Redmond-Pool/Getty Images Industrials David Fickling David Fickling is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering commodities, as well as industrial and consumer companies. He has been a reporter for Bloomberg News, Dow Jones, the Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times and the Guardian. Follow @davidfickling Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 6, 2017 7:50 AM EST CHINA SOUTHERN AIRLINES CO-H +0.01 As of 9:29 PM EST 4.32 HKD CHINA EASTERN AIRLINES CO-H -0.02 As of 9:29 PM EST 3.70 HKD As if it wasn't bad enough getting into a fight with the president-elect over the cost of Air Force One, Boeing Co. is facing problems from the other side of the Pacific. Beijing is planning to step up scrutiny of U.S. companies in the event that Donald Trump flips from trash-talking the cost of presidential aircraft to taking punitive measures against Chinese exports to the U.S., people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News Friday. That's particularly bad news for Boeing because its Chinese business is unusually vulnerable to retaliatory action from the government. The measures could include scaling back government purchases or alternatively, investigations by tax, antitrust or anti-dumping authorities, the people said. Fission Chips Boeing and Yum! Brands are the only non-tech U.S. companies getting more than $5 billion in annual revenue from China Source: Bloomberg data Note: Shows latest fiscal year revenues from China. Texas Instruments figure includes Hong Kong. Just eight U.S. companies earned more than $5 billion in revenue from China in their last fiscal year. Five of them are semiconductor and electronics companies whose products are central to China's high-tech manufacturing ambitions. One -- Apple Inc. -- is a consumer business whose demand is driven by public taste rather than government fiat, while Yum! Brands Inc. has already spun off its China arm into a separate business. Boeing is in a different (flying) boat. Its biggest customers in the country -- Air China Ltd., China Eastern Airlines Corp., and China Southern Airlines Co. -- are all state-controlled. Even private carriers such as Hainan Airlines Co. know better than to go against the will of the government by ordering aircraft from a company in Beijing's bad books, especially when Airbus SE is offering comparable aircraft. The Peripheral Kingdom China doesn't make up a particularly significant share of aircraft manufacturers' unfilled order books Source: Airbus and Boeing orders and delivery books, Gadfly calculations There's a catch, though. While Boeing counts highly in the ranks of Chinese revenue earned by U.S. businesses, China isn't such an important part of the planemaker's order book. The 292 undelivered aircraft ordered by Chinese airlines and lessors make up just 5.5 percent of Boeing's total outstanding orders -- and just 4.4 percent of the total at Airbus. Boeing's China orders as a percentage of total 5.5% India's SpiceJet Ltd. is close to finalizing an order for 92 Boeing 737s, people familiar with the matter told Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson of Bloomberg News Friday, about a third the size of China Inc.'s entire outstanding order book. Looked at in those terms, China's aviation sector is only a bit more important to Boeing than its biggest customers Southwest Airlines Co. and Ryanair Holdings Plc, and significantly less important to Airbus than InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., known as IndiGo, and AirAsia Bhd. Other Fish in the Sea If China Inc. were a single company, it would still only reach major-customer status for the big plane-makers Source: Company order books Note: Air Lease, AerCap, GECAS, SMBC are lessors. All other customers are airlines. Shows only customers with at least 100 aircraft awaiting delivery from either Airbus or Boeing. That's somewhat cold comfort. China's domestic aviation market will still be the world's biggest within 20 years, according to Boeing's 2016-2035 market outlook, outstripping North America and Europe. The relatively slender nature of Chinese carriers' order books doesn't mean there's no demand pending. Rather, it's a sign that the country's airlines are holding fire until Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., or Comac, starts producing its C919 in competition with the 737 and A320 in a few years. In that sense, the trade war Boeing needs to fear isn't just around the corner. It's already begun. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. That doesn't account for the different profitability of different aircraft models but it's a decent back-of-the-envelope figure. To contact the author of this story: David Fickling in Sydney at dfickling@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Matthew Brooker at mbrooker1@bloomberg.net Global Logistic share-price, YTD +20% Endangered Species Singapore's Rare Buyout Bird Deals Nisha Gopalan Warp Speed Warp Speed Asset-backed security issuance in China slowed last year. But that was before new rules that enable corporations to issue in the main bond market venue were rolled out Source: ChinaBond Legs Eleven China's Just Getting Started With Funky Finance Markets Christopher Langner Cheaper All the Time Cheaper All the Time Falling panel costs have seen Indian solar producers slash tariffs Source: PVInsights Power play Solar's Sanity Check Energy Andy Mukherjee Revising the Future Revising the Future The recovery in U.S. oil production just got a lot faster in the latest short-term outlook Source: Department of Energy Here It Comes U.S. Shale's Great Reawakening Commodities Julian Lee BlackRock's Assets Under Management $5.2 trillion Reversal of Fortune It's Asset Managers' Turn to Sweat Markets Lisa Abramowicz Party in the U.S.A. Party in the U.S.A. Consumer confidence has stayed strong into January: Source: Bloomberg, University of Michigan Trump Card Investors: It's OK to Love Banks Again Finance Tara Lachapelle How Anadarko Investors Should Think Bigly Indifferent Strokes Anadarko Just Shrugs Along With Another Deal Energy Liam Denning Sounds Good Sounds Good Pandora shares have climbed about 24% in the last year as the company prepared new products and as investors hoped for a possible acquisition Source: Bloomberg Whistling Dixie Pandora's Eyes Are Bigger Than Its Wallet Tech Shira Ovide On Second Thought On Second Thought Dover initially plunged after the company released 2017 earnings guidance that was below analysts' expectations, then rebounded as investors embraced an apparent recovery in Dover's energy business Source: Bloomberg Energized Dover Gets Its Message Right Industrials Brooke Sutherland So What? So What? The 10-year Treasury yield came awfully close to 2.6 percent recently -- a level that, according to Gross, would mark the end of the bond bull market Source: Bloomberg Battle Royal Bond Kings Fight Over a Dead Bull Markets Nir Kaissar All Choked Up All Choked Up Fiat's shares have done well on the prospect of a Trump presidency. Until this week Source: Bloomberg Guzzling the Gas Fiat Chrysler Needs to Be Cleaner Than Clean Autos Chris Hughes Look Who's Back Look Who's Back U.K. food prices are rising for the first time for more than two years Source: Kantar Worldpanel Margin Mystery The True Meaning of Retailers' Christmas Consumer Andrea Felsted Bond Plateau Bond Plateau Even though the U.S. Treasury market has grown, trading volumes have remained fairly constant Source: Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Human Touch Citadel Goes Old School on Bonds Markets Lisa Abramowicz Repeat After Me Repeat After Me Parrot is struggling to cope with competition in the drone market Source: Bloomberg Pilot-Less and Profit-Less The Drone Industry Crashes to Earth Tech Leila Abboud Relief Rally Relief Rally Takata shares have soared as the prospects of a restructure and bailout have risen Source: Bloomberg far from settled VW's Lesson for Takata Autos David Fickling China Vanke's Shenzhen-listed shares, intraday +9.8% Night Watch In China M&A, Hostile Forces Loom Large Deals Christopher Langner Seven & i shares Friday +9% slushy funds Seven & I's Inconvenient Truth Consumer David Fickling The Crunch to Come The Crunch to Come Tata Group's refinancing requirements will bunch up four years from now* Source: Bloomberg *Data for loans and bonds, based on currencies of original contract. Inside man Tata's New Boss Is a Safe Choice Management Andy Mukherjee Governance Risk Governance Risk Shares in Samsung have climbed 7 percent over the past month, even as an investigation into the company and Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee heated up Source: Bloomberg True Target Samsung's Bullseye Tech Tim Culpan Revved Up Revved Up Cummins has traded above analysts' average price target for the bulk of the past year. The majority of analysts now rate the stock a "hold," though at least two have recently upgraded their outlook to "buy" Source: Bloomberg Chain Reaction Fiat Supplier Cummins Has Better News Ahead Autos Brooke Sutherland Amount Accolade may seek $1 billion+ palatable proposition How Fine Is Wine? Consumer David Fickling Something Rex Tillerson Might Want to Talk to Trump About Russia The Rex Doctrine Tillerson Knows Russia, But Don't Ignore China Energy Liam Denning Hollywood Thrills Apple Is Becoming HBO Tech Shira Ovide Hoarders It's Bulls Vs. Squirrels in the Oil Market Energy Liam Denning Margin of Safety Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable Health Max Nisen
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Opinion Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Opinion Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Opinion Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Opinion A Trump-inspired trade war isn’t Boeing’s biggest China concern Originally published January 6, 2017 at 3:51 pm Updated January 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm Chinese President Xi Jinping exits from a Boeing 787-8 destined for China’s Xiamen Airlines during a factory tour in September 2015, in Everett, Wash. (John Lok/The Seattle Times) China’s domestic aviation market will be the world’s biggest within 20 years. Boeing’s piece of that pie will be affected by much more than a short-term trade war sparked by a Donald Trump presidency. Share story By David Fickling Bloomberg View Beijing is planning to step up scrutiny of U.S. companies in the event that Donald Trump flips from trash-talking the cost of presidential aircraft to taking punitive measures against Chinese exports to the U.S., people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg News Friday. That’s particularly bad news for Boeing because its Chinese business is unusually vulnerable to retaliatory action from the government. The measures could include scaling back government purchases or, alternatively, investigations by tax, antitrust or anti-dumping authorities, the people said. Just eight U.S. companies earned more than $5 billion in revenue from China in their last fiscal year. Five of them are semiconductor and electronics companies whose products are central to China’s high-tech manufacturing ambitions. One — Apple Inc. — is a consumer business whose demand is driven by public taste rather than government fiat, while Yum! Brands Inc. has already spun off its China arm into a separate business. Boeing is in a different (flying) boat. Its biggest customers in the country — Air China Ltd., China Eastern Airlines Corp. and China Southern Airlines Co. — are all state-controlled. Top Opinion stories Let MLK and Obama inspire service to democracy | Editorial Beyond ‘I have a dream’: Look to MLK’s words, actions after 1963 Washington is healthier under the ACA — don’t turn back the clock | Op-Ed Obama’s impressive, if not perfect, record shows he made America better | Editorial For the sake of future generations, it’s time to tackle the federal deficit | Op-Ed Would free markets work in health care? | David Brooks / Syndicated columnist Even private carriers such as Hainan Airlines Co. know better than to go against the will of the government by ordering aircraft from a company in Beijing’s bad books, especially when Airbus SE is offering comparable aircraft. There’s a catch, though. While Boeing counts highly in the ranks of Chinese revenue earned by U.S. businesses, China isn’t such an important part of the planemaker’s order book. The 292 undelivered aircraft ordered by Chinese airlines and lessors make up just 5.5 percent of Boeing’s total outstanding orders — and just 4.4 percent of the total at Airbus. India’s SpiceJet Ltd. is close to finalizing an order for 92 Boeing 737s, people familiar with the matter told Anurag Kotoky and Julie Johnsson of Bloomberg News Friday, about a third the size of China Inc.’s entire outstanding order book. Looked at in those terms, China’s aviation sector is only a bit more important to Boeing than its biggest customers Southwest Airlines Co. and Ryanair Holdings PLC, and significantly less important to Airbus than InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., known as IndiGo, and AirAsia Bhd. That’s somewhat cold comfort. China’s domestic aviation market will still be the world’s biggest within 20 years, according to Boeing’s 2016-2035 market outlook, outstripping North America and Europe. The relatively slender nature of Chinese carriers’ order books doesn’t mean there’s no demand pending. Rather, it’s a sign that the country’s airlines are holding fire until Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., or Comac, starts producing its C919 in competition with the 737 and A320 in a few years. In that sense, the trade war Boeing needs to fear isn’t just around the corner. It has already begun. David Fickling is a Bloomberg columnist covering commodities, as well as industrial and consumer companies. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Legislature has a chance to fix Washington state’s broken education-funding system Previous Story Americans with political differences need to stop treating each other like the enemy Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Posted 07 Jan 2017 00:05 Updated 07 Jan 2017 04:45 Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, July 8, 2007 REUTERS/Robert Sorbo/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about US$94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at US$158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies. OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about US$21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing's 2016 Orders Lowest Since 2010 ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing's 2016 Orders Lowest Since 2010 Published January 06, 2017 Defense Reuters Facebook Twitter Print The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young (Copyright Reuters 2017) Boeing Co (BA) fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Continue Reading Below Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about $94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus <AIR.PA> on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at $158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies.   OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about $21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish.   (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Attention Boeing Investors: Don't Worry About Trump's Trade War With China Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 06, 2017 2:57pm   Comments Share: Related BA All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Blood, Sweat And Tear Gas: Trump's 'Cadillac One' To Debut Next Week The Boeing 737 MAX 10: A Basic Answer To Airbus (Seeking Alpha) Related LUV Airline Earnings Take Off With Delta's In-Line Report Watch These 8 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade Transports Week In Review - Transports Regain The Lead Over Broader Indices (Seeking Alpha) Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) will naturally be one of the most notable victims of any retaliatory action taken by the Chinese government in response to any potential future trade war initiated by President-elect Donald Trump. This line of thought does hold some merit given the fact that the airplane maker is among a handful of U.S.-based companies with an annual revenue base of more than $5 billion from China. However, Gadfly's David Fickling made the case that China's business isn't all that important to Boeing as a whole. So Much More Than China According to Fickling, Chinese airliners as a whole account for 292 undelivered aircraft orders, which represents just 5.5 percent of Boeing's total outstanding orders. The same holds true for Boeing's largest competitor, Airbus, whose total outstanding orders from Chinese clients amount to just 4.4 percent of its worldwide outstanding orders. Put into perspective, just one client in India alone, SpiceJet Ltd., is close to finalizing a deal to order 92 of Boeing's 737s airplanes. This one order alone is about one third of the size of all outstanding Chinese orders. Bottom line, all the Chinese airlines combined is roughly equal in size to Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE: LUV) and Ryanair Holdings plc (ADR) (NASDAQ: RYAAY). Posted-In: News Emerging Markets Politics Travel Global Markets Movers Media Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA + LUV) Airline Earnings Take Off With Delta's In-Line Report Watch These 8 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today Blood, Sweat And Tear Gas: Trump's 'Cadillac One' To Debut Next Week Delta Kicks Off Airline Earnings This Week Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 5, 2017 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 GOOG, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 JPM, GOOGL: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 DXCM, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Gluco... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Sho... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 B... 6 IBM, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Ru... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Is Snap Lying About Its Growth? An Ex-Employee Thinks So FANG Stocks Looking Sharp In 2017 Thus Far
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Videocon denies Kenstar asset sale reports Tata Sons shareholders to meet on Feb 6 to oust Mistry from board Business Standard Boeing close to $10.1-bn order from SpiceJet The transaction would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet Anurag Kotoky & Julie Johnsson  January 7, 2017 Last Updated at 00:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USaCDp ALSO READ Delhi airport is the busiest in the world for Airbus A320 flights Vistara completes induction of Airbus A320 planes SpiceJet plans to add Boeing 4-5 aircraft to its fleet Airbus seals deal with Iran for sale of 100 aircrafts Expect to place order for new planes this financial year: SpiceJet Indian budget airline SpiceJet is poised to order at least 92 Boeing 737 jetliners, as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favourable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets, after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India  and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. The order would help SpiceJet compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 per cent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 percent at Rs 63.55 on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intra-day level since November 30. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York on Thursday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July.  Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. Read More On Boeing | Spicejet | Airbus A320 PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Boeing close to $10.1-bn order from SpiceJet The transaction would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet The transaction would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet Indian budget airline SpiceJet is poised to order at least 92 Boeing 737 jetliners, as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favourable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets, after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India  and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. The order would help SpiceJet compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 per cent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 percent at Rs 63.55 on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intra-day level since November 30. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York on Thursday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July.  Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. Anurag Kotoky & Julie Johnsson Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing close to $10.1-bn order from SpiceJet The transaction would more than double SpiceJet's 49-plane fleet Indian budget airline SpiceJet is poised to order at least 92 Boeing 737 jetliners, as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 49-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about $10.1 billion at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money, prompting co-founder Ajay Singh to bail out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favourable maintenance contracts, one of the people said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets, after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India  and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. The order would help SpiceJet compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 per cent. SpiceJet shares closed up 0.63 percent at Rs 63.55 on Friday, after jumping to their the highest intra-day level since November 30. Boeing shares were little changed at $158.71 in New York on Thursday. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July.  Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 32 Boeing 737 jets and 17 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to the company. Anurag Kotoky & Julie Johnsson Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing, GE Capital Aviation order 737 MAXs valued at USD8.25bn By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 6, 2017 Boeing (NYSE: BA) and GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), the commercial aircraft leasing and financing arm of General Electric (NYSE: GE), have announced an order for 75 737 MAX 8 airplanes, the company said. The order, booked in December, is valued at USD8.25 billion at current list prices. The follow-on order increases the GECAS firm order book for the 737 MAX to 170 airplanes. To date, the 737 MAX has accumulated 3,419 orders, making it the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history. GECAS is in aviation leasing and financing. Its portfolio comprises a wide range of aircraft types including narrowbodies, widebodies, regional jets, turboprops, freighters, and helicopters. The company offers multiple financing products and services including operating leases, purchase/leasebacks, secured debt financing, capital markets, engine leasing, airframe parts management, and airport/airline consulting. GECAS owns or services a fleet of over 1,950 aircraft in operation or on order, plus provides loans collateralized on approximately 400 additional aircraft. GECAS servescustomers in over 75 countries from a network of 25 offices. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... « JetBlue flies inaugural flight from Fort Lauderdale to Aruba American Airlines delivers 100,000th US visitor to Antigua & Barbuda » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Posted 07 Jan 2017 00:05 Updated 07 Jan 2017 04:45 Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, July 8, 2007 REUTERS/Robert Sorbo/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about US$94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at US$158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies. OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about US$21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Monday 16 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Jeppesen signs charting, navigation services agreement with LOT Polish Airlines By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · January 6, 2017 Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, has signed a five-year service agreement with LOT Polish Airlines to provide digital charting for LOT´s electronic flight bag (EFB) platform, the company said. LOT will incorporate Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on Windows tablets as its charting EFB solution and will continue to use Jeppesen NavData for digital navigation. The use of FliteDeck Pro will eliminate operational paper content from LOT aircraft, which improves fuel consumption based on weight reduction. FliteDeck Pro features real-time, data driven flight information for all phases of flight, and is displayed per the preferences of the pilot. FliteDeck Pro also significantly reduces pilot workload through automated processes. Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. LOT Polish Airlines provides nearly 5 million passengers a year with travel options to almost 60 destinations worldwide via Warsaw. As the only carrier in the region, LOT offers direct long-haul flights to the USA, Canada, China, Japan, and South Korea while building its leadership position in East Central Europe. Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers support and services solutions. Related posts Honeywell, EAD Aerospace achieve certification to install JetWave communications hardware on A319 aircraft January 13, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has received European Aviation Safety Agency certification for its JetWave high-speed satellite... Copa Holdings Announces Monthly Traffic Statistics for December 2016 January 13, 2017 Copa Holdings, S.A. (NYSE: CPA) has released preliminary passenger traffic statistics for December 2016, the... Delta Air Lines FY 2016 pre-tax income up 4% YoY January 13, 2017 Atlanta, Georgia-based Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) has reported adjusted pre-tax income for the December... Southwest, NetJets pilots associations partner to reverse Norwegian Air foreign carrier permit January 13, 2017 The Southwest Airlines Pilots´ Association (SWAPA) is partnering with the NetJets Association of Shared Aircraft... Wheels Up to provide fleet team with Casper mattresses January 13, 2017 Wheels Up is collaborating with sleep startup Casper wherein Wheels Up will provide every pilot... « Diligent Consulting wins A-10 OFP contract Qantas rated world's safest airline » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip SpaceX And Boeing To Be NASA’s ‘Taxi Service’ To Space Station Andrew Follett Energy and Science Reporter 1:10 PM 01/06/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A depiction of the Space Shuttle docked at the International Space Station orbiting Earth. - Elements of this image furnished by NASA (Shutterstock/Marc Ward)    5409110 NASA announced that Boeing and SpaceX will be its “taxi service” to carry crews to the International Space Station (ISS). The U.S. space agency’s Commercial Crew Program is intended to pay these companies to ferry astronauts up to the ISS, ultimately ending the U.S.’s  sole reliance on Russia for transporting American astronauts to and from the station. “Awarding these missions now will provide greater stability for the future space station crew rotation schedule, as well as reduce schedule and financial uncertainty for our providers,” Phil McAlister, director of NASA’s Commercial Spaceflight Development Division, said in a press statement. “The ability to turn on missions as needed to meet the needs of the space station program is an important aspect of the Commercial Crew Program.” NASA will remain dependent on  Russian rockets to ship astronauts to the ISS until the agency’s long list of stringent safety and reliability requirements for humans on private missions is met. SpaceX has already successfully resupplied the ISS seven times, but one SpaceX resupply mission in June of 2015 resulted in an explosion and a total loss of the spacecraft. The private company Orbital Sciences is also under contract with the space agency to resupply the ISS, but has also had failures. SpaceX and Russian company NPO Energomash are locked in a struggle to supply rocket engines to the U.S. military. Boeing and SpaceX are both competing to be the first private company to send humans to the International Space Station (ISS). SpaceX has a human test flight planned for October 2017, while Boeing has a flight scheduled for May 2018. America’s plans to return to Earth’s orbit are entirely dependent on private companies, some of which are scheduled to launch by the end of next year. Astronauts installed adapters that allowed commercial spacecraft to dock with the ISS in August and give NASA less expensive options to resupply the station. Currently, the U.S. pays Russia more than $70 million dollars per astronaut sent to the ISS. Russia has repeatedly threatened to block America access to the $150 billion ISS in response to U.S. sanctions even though the U.S. paid for 84 percent of the cost of building the station. The last U.S. Space Shuttle to the ISS launched five years ago in July, but NASA still can’t put men into space without Russian cooperation due to President Barack Obama’s cuts to the agency’s exploration and spaceflight capability. SpaceX and Boeing, along with other companies, have made huge advancements in reusable rocketry. Reusable space technology is considered a major advance because it has the potential to lower the costs of getting into orbit, which are high due to expensive rocket components. Follow Andrew on Twitter Send tips to andrew@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Barack Obama, Boeing, International Space Station, NASA, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Orbital Sciences, Russia, Space Shuttle, SpaceX, Vladimir Putin Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Aerospace blog Despite 11th-hour orders, Boeing’s 2016 tally down again Dan Catchpole Fri Jan 6th, 2017 9:49am BusinessNews You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. booked a big flurry of last-minute orders. But it was not enough to defy expectations that the annual tally would fall for a third year in a row. The late additions put Boeing in a position to pass rival Airbus Group in new orders, something it has not done since 2012. Airbus is expected to post its annual tally later this month. Boeing booked 668 new orders in 2016. Most of those — 550 — are for its popular single-aisle 737. It delivered 748 commercial airplanes last year. The 11th hour orders include 75 737s for GE Capital Aviation Services, a deal that was announced Wednesday. They also include another 189 737s for unidentified customers. The boost continues the trend of declining airplane orders in recent years, as airlines pause following a roughly decade-long spending spree. Demand especially has dropped most for bigger, twin-aisle airplanes. The biggest jetliners, Boeing’s iconic 747 and Airbus’ mammoth A380, have collected paltry few orders in recent years. Boeing received orders for 18 747s, the most since 2007. Company executives indicated that they were considering closing the airplane line. However, the new orders gave the 747 program a stay of execution. Through the end of November, Airbus had booked 600 orders, including 509 for its single-aisle A320 family. Deferrals, too, are on the rise as more airlines delay deliveries due to revenue concerns and persistently cheap oil prices. There were 251 delivery delays in 2016, the most since 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyzer data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. Last month, Delta Air Lines cancelled orders for 18 787 Dreamliners, orders it inherited from its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. Earlier in 2016, Delta pushed back delivery of four Airbus A350s from 2018 to as late as 2020. American Airlines Group also delayed delivery of 22 A350s by an average of 26 months. Competition is picking up, as well. Bombardier beat Boeing this year when it won an order from Delta for 75 of its new C Series airplanes. Both Bombardier in Canada and Embraer in Brazil are trying to break into the narrow-body airplane market. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
null
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search 10 in-demand Chicago jobs in 2017 Trump and Blagojevich share much more than big hair Chicago's D.C. clout exits with Obama How this Chicago company makes green on golf—even in the dead of winter Why a hospital turf war is cranking up in the south suburbs The hottest lender in Chicago? It's not a name you know Something else Amazon delivers CTA buses rolling downhill How high is too high for these industrial stocks? The blues is Chicago's most famous global cultural export. Why don't we do more to promote it? × 10 in-demand Chicago jobs in 2017 Trump and Blagojevich share much more than big hair Chicago's D.C. clout exits with Obama How this Chicago company makes green on golf—even in the dead of winter Why a hospital turf war is cranking up in the south suburbs The hottest lender in Chicago? It's not a name you know Something else Amazon delivers CTA buses rolling downhill How high is too high for these industrial stocks? The blues is Chicago's most famous global cultural export. Why don't we do more to promote it? × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move January 06, 2017 What happened to Trump's Oreo obsession? Hey, what about the Oreo? During the campaign, Mondelez International Inc., the owner of the iconic cookie brand, was one of the companies that President-elect Donald Trump railed against for sending jobs overseas, alongside the likes of Ford, Carrier and Boeing. But while those other three have already had post-election run-ins with Trump in one fashion or another—triggering wild stock gyrations and corporate pledges to rework investment plans—Mondelez curiously has not. Given the president-elect's current tweeting pace, it feels like it's just a matter of time before the company comes back under scrutiny... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Posted 07 Jan 2017 00:05 Updated 07 Jan 2017 04:45 Invited guests for the world premiere of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner are reflected in the fuselage of the aircraft at the 787 assembly plant in Everett, Washington, July 8, 2007 REUTERS/Robert Sorbo/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEATTLE: Boeing Co fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about US$94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at US$158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies. OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about US$21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Chizu Nomiyama) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484533166 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 World Jordan's king reshuffles cabinet amid growing security, economic challenges 1484508864 Business Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target File photo of fuselage of a Boeing 787 in Everett. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:10 AM, January 7, 2017 Updated: 5:20 AM, January 7, 2017 SEATTLE - Boeing Co <BA.N> fell 80 planes short of its goal for new orders in 2016, but likely clinched the title of world's biggest planemaker for another year. Boeing on Friday said it delivered 748 jetliners last year and booked net orders for 668 aircraft worth about $94 billion at list prices. Boeing had predicted orders would roughly match deliveries, which it forecast at between 745 and 750 planes. Boeing's delivery total likely means the Chicago-based aerospace and defense company beat European rival Airbus <AIR.PA> on output. Airbus has forecast at least 670 deliveries in 2016, and is due to reports totals on Wednesday. Investors watch orders and deliveries closely to gauge future aircraft production levels and revenue, since airlines make most of the payment when aircraft are delivered. Boeing shares were up about 0.1 percent at $158.86 in mid-day trading. Airlines have slowed their shopping for jets, especially large widebody models, causing Boeing's "book to bill" ratio of new sales to deliveries to fall to its lowest level since 2004. Even so, Boeing's orders fell less than expected, suggesting aggressive sales campaigns at year-end, analysts said. Airbus has a price advantage thanks to the strong U.S. dollar, putting pressure on Boeing's sales team. Looking to 2017, "it's going to be tough for Boeing not to get more aggressive on pricing," said Ken Herbert, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity. Boeing's deliveries also slowed as the company began building the new 737 MAX narrowbody at its factory in Renton, Washington. The first MAX planes take longer to assemble than older 737 models, and cannot be delivered until Boeing finishes flight tests and gets government certification. Even so, Boeing delivered two more 737s in the latest quarter than in the same quarter of 2015. "That says something about the production system," said Howard Rubel, analyst at Jefferies. OUTPUT RISING AS SALES SLOW Deliveries likely will rise this year as MAX planes that welled up in inventory are delivered. But the gain will be tempered by a 40 percent cut in production of 777 widebodies. Analysts expect 777 deliveries will fall to 3.5 a month in 2018, from 8.3 currently, as the successor 777X model enters production. "What we'll be interested to hear is whether (Airbus and Boeing) expect orders to continue to decline in 2017 at the same time that they are raising production," said Rob Stallard, analyst at Vertical Research Partners. The forecasts are typically released with fourth-quarter results. The final days of 2016 marked a busy time for Boeing's new sales chief Ihssane Mounir. The sales force booked 198 net new orders since Dec. 20, including 189 orders from unidentified customers. The tally did not include any of its pending orders for Iran, the company said. The total included 194 orders worth about $21 billion at list prices for Boeing's 737 MAX. It also included an order for four 787 Dreamliners from Uzbekistan Airways. Boeing had already disclosed a large part of the tally earlier in the week, when it said it booked 80 orders for its 737 MAX. The new tally lifts Boeing's total backlog to 5,715 commercial jets, equivalent to about seven years of production, the majority of which are 737 planes. Sales of more expensive widebodies such as the 777 and 787 remain sluggish. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
//><!-- (function(){var e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(var i=0;i<e.length;i++)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><! Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Try 6 free issues of The Week magazine today Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu Brexit Article 50 Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price Gold price MH370 MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? Jan 10, 2017 Investigators reportedly rush to new area north of current Indian Ocean search site whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Image 1 of 12 Credits  Getty Images News Page 1 of 8MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 1MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 2MH370: Google Earth used to pinpoint possible crash site 3MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 4MH370: Plane was deliberately flown into sea, says investigator 5Flight MH370: Four new pieces of possible debris found 6Flight MH370: two years after disappearance – what do we know? 7MH370: debris 'very likely' to be part of plane - but does it solve mystery? 8MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? Investigators looking for missing Malaysia Airline flight MH370 made a "high-speed dash" to a new search site, the Daily Beast reports. On Friday, Dutch-owned vessel Equator reportedly raced to an area in the southern Indian Ocean recently identified as being a more likely location for the plane's debris. It pushed further north on Saturday before tracking back slightly. See related  MH370 conspiracy theories: What happened to the missing plane? The mystery of MH370, EgyptAir flight MS804 and seven other planes that vanished EgyptAir MS804: 'Traces of explosives' found on victims' bodies Dr Richard Cole, of University College London, who has been following the hunt, said: "After its run north, Equator has now tracked back south-west at high speed to a point at 35.3 degrees south where it seems that the [autonomous underwater vehicle] is deployed again." The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which is directing the search, admitted in late December that the area it has scoured for 26 months was unlikely to contain the wreckage of the MH370. Spokesman Dan O'Malley told the Beast yesterday: "Equator is completing its final swing and gathering some sonar data in areas we haven't previously completed. Equator's search operations are expected to be completed by the end of January." Flight MH370 disappeared without trace while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing in March 2014. There were with 239 people on board. The current search, which began in October 2014, is scheduled to end this month. However, families of the victims are stepping up pressure to fund a new investigation in an area to the north of the previous search site.  Voice 370, which represents the relatives, said: "Extending the search to the new area defined by experts is an inescapable duty owed to the flying public in the interest of aviation safety." MH370: Search 'to continue after funding runs out' 6 January Malaysian and Australian officials say the hunt for missing flight MH370 will continue after the original 46,000sq-mile search has concluded, the Daily Beast reports. Since June 2014, two ships using sonar have been combing the area in the southern Indian Ocean where the Malaysia Airline plane was believed to have come down.  The search, which has so far cost £122m, is almost over - the Daily Mail says it could end in just two weeks - but nothing has been found. Last July, Australia, Malaysia and China agreed that "in the absence of credible new evidence leading to the identification of a specific location of the aircraft, the search would be suspended on completion of the existing search area". When asked about this by the Daily Beast this month, the Joint Agency Co-ordination Centre in charge of the search said the position of the three countries "has not changed". However, says the website, "24 hours later", the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) told the website: "Ministers have reiterated that this does not mean the termination of the search," prompting it to ask: "Will Malaysia fund a new search?" The Beast also claims there will be a continuation of the "cutting-edge scientific effort" to find the plane's wreckage, which utilises "resources from all over the world, including from the US". Tests are being carried out to establish how the pieces of wreckage found so far might have floated. The ATSB confirmed two weeks ago it now believes the entire search has been a waste of time because the ships have been looking in the wrong place, CNN reported. Investigators also did not believe the wreckage would be found in the last few weeks of looking. It said: "Given the high confidence in the search undertaken to date, the experts agreed that the previously defined [search] area is unlikely to contain the missing aircraft." New analysis of ocean currents at the time of the plane's disappearance and the positions of the 20 or so pieces of wreckage washed up thousands of miles away suggest the actual crash site was 9,600 miles further north. In fact, says the Beast, scientist now have a far more precise estimate of where the plane came down than the one used to determine where the sonar survey took place. Responding to the ATSB report in December, Australia's transport and infrastructure minister, Darren Chester, said the search would not be extended without new evidence.  Putting himself at odds with the ATSB, Chester said: "We are very close to completing the 120,000 square kilometre underwater search area, and we remain hopeful that we will locate the aircraft." Flight MH370 disappeared on 8 March 2014, flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. MH370: Boeing could fund private search for plane 3 January A private company is likely to take up the search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, according to a distinguished aviation safety expert. John Goglia, a member of the US National Transportation Safety Board, says the private sector will step in after the official Australian-led salvage efforts are called off. "The search will continue, but it will be privately run," he told Popular Mechanics. "It'll be smaller and more focused, but that's probably better." Several aviation experts have suggested that Boeing is the most likely candidate as the plane, which disappeared on a routine flight from Beijing to Kuala Lumpur in March 2014 with 239 people on board, was a Boeing 777. The US manufacturer has not commented on the rumours. A joint search operation by Australian, Malaysian and Chinese authorities, led by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), is due to end in January, despite evidence that a revised search zone could hold the key to the plane's final resting place. In its latest report, the ATSB concluded that investigators have been looking in the wrong place for the wreckage of the plane and called for an extension of the search operation to examine the recalculated search area, which lies to the north of the current site. The Australian government has rejected the idea on the grounds that the new evidence is not sufficiently specific to warrant further funding. MH370: Families hit out at decision to abandon search 22 December Families of the 238 people who died on Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 have condemned the Australian government's announcement that the search for the plane is coming to an end, with investigators still no closer to finding the crash site. Flight MH370 lost contract with air traffic controllers and went off radar in March 2014, before apparently crashing somewhere over the Indian Ocean, where the hunt has been focussed. This week, however, a panel of experts from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) concluded the plane "is probably not in the stretch of ocean a $200 million, Australian-led search effort has combed for the past two years," the Sydney Morning Herald reports. Based on new analysis of MH370's final moments and drift patterns of debris found on east African beaches, investigators now believe the likely location is within a 15,000sq-mile area to the north of the current search zone and have recommended that salvage teams be redeployed there. However, the final resting place of the passengers and crew is likely to remain a mystery, as the Australian government confirmed that countries working on the search were planning to end the costly operation in January unless the ATSB could produce a more specific location. Families of the victims responded with anger and disbelief to the news. Danica Weeks, whose husband Paul was among the passengers, described the decision as "a kick in the guts", the Herald reports. "We've had so much hope and then each time we've got the hope up and it's been washed away," she said. Jiang Hui, whose 72-year-old mother Cuiyun was on the flight, told Fairfax Media "three governments all told us the search would be continuous, would not end, and would not be given up on". He said: "It is a promise to all families and to the international community." MH370: Why have investigators been searching in wrong area?  20 December Investigators searching for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 have admitted they have been looking in the wrong location and new data indicates the plane is most likely to the north of the current search area. MH370 disappeared on a routine flight from Beijing to Kuala Lumpur in 2014. The search has centred on the southern Indian Ocean, but two years on, no wreckage has been found. Where have investigators been looking? Search teams have been scouring a 46,332sq-mile area of the southern Indian Ocean. However, in November, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which has overseen the search, mounted a review of the investigation that concluded: "There is a high degree of confidence that the previously identified underwater area searched to date does not contain the missing aircraft." Why has the search been unsuccessful? After putting together new flight simulations, modelling drift patterns based on debris matched to the missing plane and conducting further analysis of satellite communications, experts now believe an area immediately to the north of the current search area is most likely to contain the missing plane, the BBC says. "The participants of the First Principles Review were in agreement on the need to search an additional area representing approximately 25,000 sq km (9,700sq-miles)," says the broadcaster. Will the search now continue in this area? Probably not. Australia's transport minister Darren Chester said the search will probably end in January or February, given the new report doesn't identify a "specific location" for the aircraft. The governments of Australia, China and Malaysia had previously decided "we will be suspending the search unless credible evidence is available" identifying the location, he added. MH370 search: What do families of passengers hope to find in Madagascar? 5 December Relatives of passengers lost on Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 are in Madagascar to personally search for debris from the missing aircraft. The group of families, known as Voice 370, has called on the governments of Malaysia, China and Australia to search for wreckage along the east African coast. "All debris thought to be from the plane has so far been found in east Africa," says the BBC. At least six pieces from the area are considered "certain or highly likely" to have come from the missing flight. Flight MH370 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on 8 March 2014. A search operation was launched shortly afterwards, but the main wreckage is yet to be found. Investigators believe it crashed into the Indian Ocean, killing all 239 passengers and crew on board. The search is expected to be suspended by around January or February 2017, when an Australian-led team completes its scouring of a 46,000sq-mile target area. However, Voice 370 has expressed its disappointment at the scale and effectiveness of the search effort. Grace Subathirai Nathan, whose mother, Anne Daisy, was on the flight, has made the self-funded trip along with three relatives from Malaysia, two from China and one from France. They plan to speak to as many people as possible on the island and hand out leaflets about how to recognise plane parts. "We can talk to people who work as fishermen, people who live on the coastline. We hope that we can raise awareness, teach them how to identify debris, how to collect debris, what to do with it when they find it," she said. Page 1 of 8MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 1MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 2MH370: Google Earth used to pinpoint possible crash site 3MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? 4MH370: Plane was deliberately flown into sea, says investigator 5Flight MH370: Four new pieces of possible debris found 6Flight MH370: two years after disappearance – what do we know? 7MH370: debris 'very likely' to be part of plane - but does it solve mystery? 8MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: World News Missing plane Malaysia Airlines MH370 Asia Pacific Transport You are here: Home MH370 MH370: Is missing Malaysia Airlines jet about to be found? Related Articles Week in picturesWeek in pictures: 7-13 January One-Minute ReadRefugee who posed for selfie with Merkel sues Facebook BrexitBrexit: UK still faces years of EU laws, bloc president says Tall Tales'Alien-looking shrimp' hatch in Australian desert US election 201612 things you didn't know about Ivanka Trump SyriaSyria accuses Israel of bombing airport One-Minute ReadRussia hits out at US military build-up in Europe US election 2016Donald Trump: UK dragged into dirty dossier row TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Financial Life Planning In association with The property market in the wake of the EU exit vote Investment: Can you make money from wine and classic cars? Pay it forward: Passing on financial skills to your children Read more Business Briefing Get the latest news from The City at 8am Trump 'breaks man who broke Bank of England' UK businesses will survive hard Brexit, Fitch says First-time home buyers at highest level since 2006 Read More Popular Peaky Blinders: When does season 4 start and will Tom Hardy return? TV & Radio Star Wars 8: Is Rey the reincarnation of Darth Vader? Film Gold price hits ceiling at $1,200 an ounce Markets House prices for first-time buyers top £200,000 Economy Who is Ivanka Trump? 12 things you didn't know about Donald's daughter US Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex May 'to announce Britain will quit single market' Donald Trump will meet Putin in Iceland within weeks Cancer operations cancelled as NHS crisis deepens Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE over £30 on this season's Italian Olive Oils WIN a mini-break in Penzance with Doris & Dicky WIN tickets to see Maps and the 20th Century FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics January 6, 2017 10:31 am This app will alert you when Donald Trump tweets about stocks you own By Nicole Bogart National Online Journalist, Breaking News  Global News ; The business mogul has caused several stocks to slump, and later rebound, thanks to his Twitter commentary, including Boeing, Lockheed Martin, General Motors and, most recently, Toyota. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen U.S. President-elect Donald Trump may soon be at the helm of the most powerful country in the world, but his Twitter account already holds a lot of power over the stock market. The business mogul has caused several stocks to slump — including Boeing, Lockheed Martin, General Motors and, most recently, Toyota — and later rebound, thanks to his Twitter commentary. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Story continues below In lieu of this new stock market phenomenon, investment monitoring app Trigger has come up with a new feature called “Trump Triggers” which gives users the ability to trade stocks based on Trump’s tweets about publicly traded companies. READ MORE: Donald Trump tweet threatens ‘big border tax’ on General Motors, stocks fall almost immediately The feature will notify you, in real time, when Trump tweets about one of your stocks; you can then move or manage your holdings based on the market’s reactions to his musings. “No one anticipated that a single tweet could potentially eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies,” read a company blog post announcing the feature. “This increased political ‘tweet’ risk is familiar to professional investors and hedge funds on Wall Street, which have traders 24/7, smart algorithms and models to account for this tweeting risk. However, individual investors do not have the appropriate tools to react in an automatic fashion.” Trump’s market moving power was put on display earlier this week after he took aim at GM, threatening to impose a “big border tax” on the carmaker for allegedly sending “Mexican-made” Cruze models to the U.S. General Motors’ stock fell almost immediately. WATCH: President-elect Donald Trump is using Twitter to single out General Motors, which he says is sending Mexican-made cars into the U.S. without paying a penalty. Kenneth Craig reports from New York. General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2017 Shares of GM, which were at $34.38 in pre-market trading, fell about one per cent; however, shares bounced back, rising one per cent before the market opened. In December, Trump tweeted about the “tremendous cost of the Lockheed Martin F-35,” causing the aerospace company’s stock to tumble. According to The Independent, Lockheed Martin shares fell about two per cent, while Boeing shares saw a one per cent rise that day. READ MORE: Donald Trump mocks Arnold Schwarzenegger’s poor ‘Apprentice’ ratings And that’s just two examples. Trump has also tweeted Boeing, online retailer Amazon and tech giant Apple. The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 7, 2015 Justin Connidis, a Toronto-based lawyer and expert in securities law, told Global News Trump’s tweets likely wouldn’t be in violation of securities laws in the U.S., providing they are “valid political comments, or otherwise protected by free speech.” READ MORE: Biden tells Trump to ‘grow up’ in response to transition tweets However, the phenomenon has raised concerns with several pundits, including LA Times columnist Michael Hiltzik who wrote, “Inevitably, pronouncements about anything by a president have an outsized effect. Sometimes that’s appropriate, but the power to move markets, like the power to deploy armies, is something to be used very sparingly, because people can get hurt by a stray remark or a stray artillery shell.” © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Donald Trump news Donald Trump president Donald Trump Stock Market Donald Trump Stocks Donald Trump tweets Financial Apps Money Apps President-elect Donald Trump stock market Trigger Trigger App Trump Trigger Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society So this is what happened before the B-52 bomber's engine fell off A US Air Force B-52 bomber's engine dropped off during training. Aditya Bhat   January 6, 2017 20:22 IST B-52 Stratofortress taking off from Tinker Air Force Base, US.Wiki Commons/Balon Greyjoy The possible reason why US Air Force's B-52 bomber's engine fell off while on a routine training mission has now come to light- an engine failure, top Air Force leaders told Defense News. Will Indian Air Force opt for Boeing KC-46 Pegasus for its six tanker requirements? The Boeing B-52 Stratofortress is a massive aircraft which has eight Pratt & Whitney TF33-P-3/103 turbofan engines mounted under its wings. These are seated in pods of two engines encased by "cowling," a protective structure. It has been suggested that the engine had an internal problem and eventually cracked the protective casing before it fell through. "The engine didn't just fall off. The engine had a failure inside the engine, and it shelled itself," said Gen Robin Rand, head of Air Force Global Strike Command, Air Force is currently conducting an investigation to get to the bottom of the mishap. The aircraft was from the 5th Bomb Wing assigned to Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota. Rand also noted that the mishap would not be used as a justification to procure new propulsion systems. "Re-engining the B-52s makes sense from an operational and an efficiency [standpoint] because there is better technology today then there was when we made the B-52s," he said.  This would reduce the maintenance time for the personnel and  fuel costs, he added. The report also noted that US Air Force does not have budgetary plans in 2018 to fund for the re-engining the 78 B-52s. But it remains to be seen if the new administration under Donald Trump will be able to change it.  Related It can't get stranger! US bomber's engine fell off while airborne; here is what happened to the crew Is NATO gearing up for a possible confrontation with Russia in the Baltic Sea? Indonesia is negotiating to buy Su-35 fighter jets from Russia Also read DRDO says its Astra missile test-fire was a 'near-hit success' Morning brief: SC pulls up govt over demonetisation, former air force chief SP Tyagi arrested in AgustaWestland scam, Russia doping scandal and more Post Comment IBT TV Close Bloodied brides protest Lebanese rape law Why advertise with us? Latest News Government vehicles killed over 4,000 people in road accidents in 2015 now By Devyani Sultania Six women dead, several injured in stampede at Gangasagar Fair in West Bengal 12 hours ago By Devyani Sultania Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular UP Assembly elections 2017: BJP has no chief ministerial face and that will not help the party The BJP finds playing the Narendra Modi card safer than choosing a face from any caste, which could annoy other castes, causing damage to its prospects. Pakistan army has abducted hundreds of Pashtun women to use them as sex slaves: Separatist Pashtun leader Umar Daud Khattak Khattak also cited UNHCR data to say that about 5 lakh people from the area have fled to Afghanistan to escape atrocities by the Pakistani army. Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress ahead of Punjab Assembly Elections Cricketer-turned-politician Sidhu and his wife Navjot Kaur Sidhu had resigned from the BJP in September 2016. West Bengal communalised? Imam fatwa and 'excommunication' combines with Islamised textbooks for children The Class VII text book removes all instances of Ram, while Class III text book mentions parents as Amma and Abba. Amazon sells sandals imprinted with Mahatma Gandhi's face Gandhi flip flops printed with Mahatma Gandhi's face are currently available for purchase on Amazon US at $16.99. David Guetta Noida and Delhi shows cancelled, but Mumbai show rescheduled and Hyderabad show on track The reason for cancellation appears to be some form of security lapse or lack of arrangement on behalf of the organisers Six women dead, several injured in stampede at Gangasagar Fair in West Bengal The stampede happened when people were getting on a boat from Jetty Number 5 of the Kachuberia area in South 24 Parganas. Bihu 2017: Best wishes, greetings to share on WhatsApp and Facebook Here are a few Bihu greetings messages that you can share with your loved ones. Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
On Air: Mon - Fri 12-6:30am, Sat & Sun 12-7am Best of Newstalk The very best of today's programming Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Trump's Toyota tweet sees his threats extend beyond US firms In this instance, it's actually Canada who should be upset... Business & Tech Picture by Gerry Broome AP/Press Association Images 13:36 6 Jan 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 13:36 Friday 6 January 2017 Toyota has become the latest company to be on the end of a Donald Trump Twitter lashing, as US President-elect slammed the Japanese car manufacturer’s plans to build a new plant in Mexico.  His threat to impose a “big border tax” on Corollas imported into the US if the factory is constructed south of the Rio Grande echoed tweets directed at the likes of General Motors and Boeing, but marked the first time he laid down a black-and-white ultimatum to a company that does have its roots in America. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Toyota lost $1.5 billion in value in the five minutes after the tweet. It responded that it contributes nearly $22 billion to the US economy and employs 136,000 people in the country. The company said it looks forward to collaborating with the Trump administration to “serve in the best interests of consumers and the automotive industry". In truth, the New York mogul need not have worried. As announced in 2015, the $1 billion Corolla-making plant is expected to open in 2019 and will be replacing Toyota's plant in Ontario, rather than the US factory in Mississippi. As Business Insider also points out, the plant will be in Guanajuato rather than Baja. The latter already has a Toyota plant, which has been making Tacoma pick-ups since 2002. Toyota joins an ever-expanding list of companies that have raised Trump's ire on social media. General Motors was also threatened with a "big border tax" if it sent its "Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze" into the US. he opined in December that Amazon's "stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag" if it "ever had to pay fair taxes. Lockhead Martin Corp and Boeing were accused of demanding "out of control" costs for a brand new 747 Air Force One with the closer: "Finish order!" Giant retail chain Macy's was called out as "disloyal", T-Mobile's service described as "terrible" and Indiana bearing and gears maker Rexnord was attacked for moving to Mexico. On the flipside, Trump has been full of praise for Ford this week after it announced that it was cancelling plans for a new $1.6bn plant in Mexico. Its next-gen Focus will instead by made at an existing plant in Hermosillo, Mexico, to improve profitability, with an investment of $700m and 700 direct new jobs also pledged to its Flat Rock facility in Michigan. expansion of its facility in Flat Rock, Michigan. But Ford says it will build its next-generation 'Focus' at an existing plant in Hermosillo, Mexico "to improve company profitability". The common denominator with the above is that they have been US firms. Today's stand against Toyota expands Trump's protectionist policy to include foreign businesses with US interests. Japan responds Japanese officials and business leaders rushed to highlight the benefits the automotive manufacturer's US ties provides.  Finance minister Taro Aso said: "Toyota is responsible for large employment at US plants such as in Kentucky. It’s questionable whether the new US president has a grasp of how many vehicles Toyota builds in the US." CEOs of companies such as Sony and Nissan also weighed in., hoping to nip any widespread deterioration of Japan-US trade in the bud.  Toyota's full statement reads: "Toyota has been part of the cultural fabric in the US for nearly 60 years. Production volume or employment in the US will not decrease as a result of our new plant in Guanajuato, Mexico, announced in April 2015. With more than $21.9 billion direct investment in the US, 10 manufacturing facilities, 1,500 dealerships and 136,000 employees, Toyota looks forward to collaborating with the Trump administration to serve in the best interests of consumers and the automotive industry. "In 2015, Toyota exported more than 160,000 US-built vehicles to 40 countries, helping to establish the US as a global export hub. "Our manufacturing facilities in Baja, Mexico, established in 2002, support production at our San Antonio, Texas, plant, where 3,300 team members produced over 230,000 Tundras and Tacomas in 2016. "Recent manufacturing expansions by Toyota in the US include: $360 million investment in Toyota's Georgetown, Kentucky, plant, adding 750 new jobs $150 million investment at its Huntsville, Alabama, plant $100 million investment in Toyota's Princeton, Indiana, plant, adding 300 jobs $90 million investment at its Buffalo, West Virginia, plant, adding 80 jobs" 13:36 6 Jan 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 13:36 Friday 6 January 2017 3 Related articles Joe Biden tells Donald Trump to 'grow up' and 'show us what you have' Donald Trump claims any US money spent on border wall 'will be paid back by Mexico later' US Fed is bracing itself for 'Trumpflation' most popular latest sport The most expensive street in Ireland has been named "I was pissed off": Dublin club footballer fuming that GAA player-coach contract was leaked onto social media Senegal beat Tunisia 2-0 in the African Nations Cup Brendan Rodgers aiming to keep Celtic progressing in 2017 site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Best of Newstalk × The very best of today's programming Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow Find out how to use this easy-to-follow stock-picking strategy. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 6, 2017 at 7:41AM Dividend stocks offer current income and growth potential, and the dividend stocks that you'll find among the 30 stocks of the Dow Jones Industrials (DJINDICES:^DJI) are some of the best-known, highest-quality dividend payers you'll find. Rather than simply buying the entire Dow, however, many dividend investors choose instead to follow a strategy called the Dogs of the Dow. These stocks offer better yields than the Dow as a whole, and often, they've been able to outperform the Dow over the course of the year. Let's take a first look at 2017's Dogs of the Dow to see what you should watch out for over the coming year. The 2017 Dogs of the Dow Stock Dividend Yield Verizon 4.3% Pfizer 3.9% Chevron 3.7% Boeing (NYSE:BA) 3.7% Cisco Systems 3.4% Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) 3.4% IBM 3.4% ExxonMobil 3.3% Caterpillar 3.3% Merck 3.2% Data source: DogsoftheDow.com. 2 new Dogs for 2017 Because of the way that the Dogs of the Dow get picked every year, you can count on seeing some turnover among the 10 stocks that make the cut. However, 2017 is a remarkably stable year for the Dogs, with just two new entrants joining eight carryover picks from 2016. Leaving the Dogs this year are Wal-Mart and Procter & Gamble. Interestingly, neither of the two consumer giants had particularly good years, with both stocks underperforming the broader Dow in 2016. However, a combination of factors resulted in their falling to the No. 11 and 12 spots on the Dow yield list. First, the addition of Coca-Cola came from even worse performance from the beverage giant than its consumer goods peers. Coca-Cola saw its share price fall more than 3% during 2016, as ongoing challenges related to its long-struggling carbonated beverage segment continued to weigh on its prospects. The threat of greater regulation and taxation in some areas has hit Coca-Cola, and efforts to find efficiency gains haven't been adequate to give investors the optimism in the company's future prospects to justify share-price gains. Moreover, the recent strength in the U.S. dollar could once again create difficulties for Coca-Cola, given how much it relies on foreign currency for its revenue and profits. The much more unusual move in the Dogs came from Boeing, which saw its yield jump not because of a decline in share price but rather from a huge raise that the aerospace giant made late in the year. Boeing boosted its quarterly payout in December by 30%, making its quarterly payout $1.42 per share. That helped send its yield up by more than a full percentage point compared to where it started 2016, despite Boeing's solid share-price increase of 8% for the year. The move shows how much confidence Boeing has in its recent success, despite some concerns among investors that the volume of new orders in the future might begin to slow from its breakneck pace of recent years. Image source: Getty Images. Can the Dogs of the Dow beat the market in 2017? You can't count on the Dogs of the Dow always beating the entire Dow, but it has had a recent string of good outcomes. For 2016, the strategy led to a rise of about 16%, topping the 13% gain in the overall Dow. Moreover, the Dogs paid higher dividends that gave the strategy another percentage point of outperformance compared to the overall Dow. That good result brought the Dogs of the Dow's track record to six wins in seven years. The strategy didn't manage to match the Dow in 2012, and in 2014, it took the added returns from dividends for the Dogs to pull ahead. A small win in 2015 also didn't bring much outperformance, but better performance in 2010, 2011, and 2013 has many investors convinced that the Dogs of the Dow are back for good. Yet when you go back 20 years, the win-loss record is much closer to .500 than investors would like to see. The main reason to follow the Dogs of the Dow is that it's a simple way to get performance that's roughly in line with the Dow. Some years will be winners and others losers, but if you want a conservative dividend strategy that emphasizes blue-chip stocks, it's hard to beat the Dogs of the Dow. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron, Cisco Systems, Coca-Cola, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 6, 2017 at 7:41AM Industrials Stocks DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $19,885.73 down $-5.27 (-0.03%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.88 down $0.07 (-0.17%) Boeing NYSE:BA $158.83 up $0.54 (0.34%) Read More Could Boeing Co. Hike Its Dividend by 30% or More? Boeing Co. Gets Serious About Services Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Is Boeing's Defense Business Becoming a Growth Driver Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Here Are the 2017 Dogs of the Dow #stocks $^DJI, $KO, $BA
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investing Ideas Chinese Stocks Outlook: The 4 Big Issues for 2017 President Trump is the wild card, while a weak yuan and property slowdown will challenge Beijing. By Daniel Shane Biography Dec. 29, 2016 9:08 p.m. ET Investors in Chinese stocks will be hoping the Year of the Rooster will give them something to crow about as the clock winds down on a disappointing year for the Middle Kingdom’s stock markets. China’s bumpy slowdown, weakening currency and the stunning victory of an anti-China populist in the U.S. election kept investors on... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe What Happened to Trump's Oreo Obsession? by Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona January 6, 2017, 5:00 AM EST January 9, 2017, 5:18 PM EST President-elect goes after firms he knocked during campaign Snack giant Mondelez hoping to avoid political controversy Kaplan: Trump Acting Like 'Transactional' President Hey, what about the Oreo? During the campaign, Mondelez International Inc., the owner of the iconic cookie brand, was one of the companies that President-elect Donald Trump railed against for sending jobs overseas, alongside the likes of Ford, Carrier and Boeing. But while those other three have already had post-election run-ins with Trump in one fashion or another -- triggering wild stock gyrations and corporate pledges to rework investment plans -- Mondelez curiously has not. Given the president-elect’s current tweeting pace, it feels like it’s just a matter of time before the company comes back under scrutiny. Mondelez wasn’t interested in discussing its game plan for when that moment comes, but experts said it undoubtedly has scrambled to prepare a rapid-fire response. “The last thing they want to do is have a brand out there being attacked,” said Richard Frisch, a crisis-communications consultant. “There’s no question they have a crisis plan in place.” The stakes are high. Last month, when Trump wrote on Twitter that the costs of the F-35 program were “out of control,” shares of defense manufacturer Lockheed Martin Corp. tanked, wiping out almost $2 billion in market value. “We’ve never had a president-elect who could move stocks at will,” said Richard Levick, founder of the communications firm that bears his name. “A Trump tweet rates among the top risks of the year.” ‘Never Eat’ When a company makes nice, on the other hand, it can be rewarded. Ford Motor Co.’s stock rose nearly 4 percent after it announced it was canceling a $1.6 billion Mexican expansion. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, didn’t respond to a request for comment. Mondelez first drew Trump’s ire back in August 2015, when he claimed that the company was eliminating 1,200 jobs in the U.S. as it moved Oreo production to Mexico. “I’ll never eat them again,” Trump vowed. His assertion wasn’t quite true. The global snack giant had decided to invest $130 million in an existing plant south of the border to upgrade cookie and cracker production, rather than putting the money into a factory in Chicago. The move eliminated approximately 600 positions. Stephen Colbert Democratic candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton soon jumped on, too, and The Late Show’s Stephen Colbert mocked Trump’s vow not to eat Oreos by shoveling them into his mouth one night. But the controversy eventually faded into the background. Mondelez, which generates more than 70 percent of its revenue outside North America, said it has invested about $450 million in U.S. manufacturing facilities since 2012, when the company split from Kraft Foods. The company still produces Oreos, the world’s top-selling cookie, at three domestic facilities. “We continue to make investments where it makes sense and that includes the United States,” said Laurie Guzzinati, a spokeswoman for the Deerfield, Illinois-based snack maker. She said the company hasn’t heard from the incoming administration. Mondelez might be better positioned than, say, Boeing Co. or Ford, to resist the pressure of a Trump tweet. It isn’t a big government contractor -- making planes for the military, for instance -- and getting consumers to boycott a favorite snack is difficult. That could weaken Trump’s ability to have a lasting negative impact on the $26.5 billion company, according to Frisch. Still, that may be little comfort. Large food companies tend to be conservative, perpetually seeking to stay away from controversy, particularly of the political variety. And in this unprecedented atmosphere, where the next squabble with the federal government is seemingly just a click away, Mondelez executives are hoping to avoid the glare of Trump’s aggressive Twitter persona. “If you’re Mondelez,” said Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management, “the last thing you want is to be a target of Donald Trump." (Corrects to specify that Lockheed Martin lost $2 billion in its market value, not its market share, in sixth paragraph.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 9:33 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe World THE SEARCH FOR MH370 Where Is Flight MH370? Search For Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane Ends In 2 Weeks By Suman Varandani @suman09 On 01/06/17 AT 3:36 AM Close The underwater search for Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 ends in two weeks, Malaysia's transport minister said Friday as no concrete clues have been found about the plane's whereabouts. Last month, investigators said in a report that the missing Boeing 777-200 won't be found in the area searched for the past two years. "We're at the final lap within these two weeks," Liow Tiong Lai told reporters, according to the Straits Times. "We hope we can find the plane." Liow added that a tripartite meeting will be held after a final report is released when the 46,000-square-mile search ends, but did not mention a date. Investigators with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), the agency leading the hunt for the missing plane, said this week that bad weather was hampering the final stage of the search. Related Stories Bad Weather Impacts MH370 Search In Final Days Boeing To Lead New Search, Aviation Expert Claims Flight MH370 went missing on March 8, 2014, with 239 people on board while on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Authorities earlier said that the plane may have crashed in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean. A $145 million search for the aircraft has yielded no clues as to what happened to the plane. Over the last few months, several debris pieces have been found, of which six pieces have been considered certain or highly likely to have come from the missing Flight MH370. The families of those on board the jet have urged authorities to continue the search for the plane, and also blamed officials for not taking debris pieces found in Madagascar, Tanzania and other nearby islands seriously. Last month, some relatives of victims traveled to Madagascar to conduct an independent search for the plane debris. While several conspiracy theories have surfaced since the plane's disappearance, ATSB said in November that the plane was likely out of control when it plunged into the ocean with its wing flaps not prepared for landing, casting doubt on theories a pilot deliberately crashed the plane. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Politics and Nation LATEST NEWS Govt may set threshold for probe into deposits to prevent harassment of taxpayers Donald Trump's offer to Putin: An end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut Donald Trump says Brexit to be "a great thing", wants quick trade deal with UK Samsung Electronics to disclose Note 7 probe results on January 23: Report Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented ET Home›News›Politics and Nation 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty, Live Today, 2016-01-16 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wrap up Rs 70,000 crore Air India scam probe by June, SC tells CBI By TNN | Updated: Jan 06, 2017, 10.23 AM IST Post a Comment The bench headed by the CJI asked CBI to look into all allegations levelled by petitioner. NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court ordered the CBI on Thursday to complete probe into the alleged Rs 70,000 crore scam in purchase and leasing of aircraft by Air India during UPA-I government in 2005-06. Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi informed a bench of Chief Justice J S Khehar and Justices N V Ramana and D Y Chandrachud that CBI had registered an FIR in 2013 and has already examined 55 witnesses. "CBI has requested UK for certain information and has so far examined 55 witnesses. Investigations are likely to be completed by June," Rohatgi said. An Empowered Group of Ministers under chairmanship of then finance minister P Chidambaram and comprising then law minister H R Bharadwaj and civil aviation minister Praful Patel was constituted on December 20, 2005. It held discussions with Boeing and GE on December 24, 2005. A note signed by Chidambaram submitted for information and approval of the then Prime Minister for placing orders for 68 aircraft with Boeing with a caveat that Boeing would complete delivery of the planes by 2011 instead of 2012. The PMO on December 30, 2005 informed that the PM has seen note and directed that the ministry of civil aviation "may inform the CCEA about the finalised transaction". The bench headed by the CJI asked CBI to look into all allegations levelled by petitioner, Centre for Public Interest Litigation through advocate Prashant Bhushan, including alleged irregularity in purchase of biometric system for Air India at a cost of Rs 1,000 crore. Bhushan said a Canadian superior court had already found that bribes were paid in bagging the contract for biometric systems by Air India. The petitioner had also questioned allocation of lucrative routes to private airliners at the cost of Air India. When the AG said that looking into all the charges levelled by the NGO would drag the investigation, the bench firmly told him: "We are not going to allow you too much of time given the fact that the FIR was registered in 2013." After the allegations about irregularities in the purchase and hiring of 111 aircraft by Air India surfaced, the Comptroller and Auditor General had given a stinging report questioning the procedure and modus operandi adopted by the civil aviation ministry. On tabling of the CAG report in Parliament, it was referred to the Public Accounts Committee. The PAC had sought certain clarifications and the ministry had given its response on May 3, 2016. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Instead of immigrants, automation may take away more jobs CIA director warns Donald Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia India 'incomplete' without Pakistan's Sindh: BJP patriarch LK Advani Think young, take risks: PM Modi's message to senior bureaucrats No PMO sanction for using PM Modi picture in khadi calender More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Money Last Modified: Fri, Jan 06 2017. 08 00 AM IST Opening bell | Asian markets open mixed; TCS, SpiceJet in news In other news, the finance ministry is likely to finalise the second tranche of capital infusion in public sector banks in the next three weeks Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: R. Sree Ram Photo: Mint US markets close slightly lower US stocks closed slightly lower. S&P 500 at 2,269 points lost 0.08%, weighed down by selling in shares of financial services and retailing companies. Asian markets outside Japan opened in green. Government set to overhaul public spending The government is working on a radical recast of its rural social assistance programmes that involves a new definition of poverty, a social registry to identify individual beneficiaries, reports Mint. Govt to finalise second tranche of capital infusion in state-run banks Finance Ministry is likely to finalise the second tranche of capital infusion in public sector banks in the next three weeks, reports PTI. Lack of investments in new tech may crimp TCS growth For the first time since TCS Ltd went public in 2004, its annual growth will be less than or at best on par with Accenture Plc., reports Mint. SpiceJet may order 92 Boeing jetliners SpiceJet Ltd is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion, reports Bloomberg. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks, the report adds. Sanofi sues Glenmark, Torrent over sclerosis drug French drug maker Sanofi has sued Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd in a US court over their plans to launch a generic version of its multiple sclerosis drug, Aubagio, reports Business Standard. NLC India may acquire Ind-Barath power plant NLC India Ltd (earlier known as Neyveli Lignite Corp. of India Ltd) is in talks with Ind-Barath Power Infra Ltd to acquire the latter’s coal-fired power plant in Odisha, reports Mint. SRS multiplex business put up for sale State Bank of India Ltd, the lead banker of SRS group, has put its multiplex business up for sale, reports The Economic Times. SRS multiplex operates SRS Cinemas brand. Monnet Ispat’s lenders restart stake sale process Lenders to Monnet Ispat and Energy Ltd have restarted the process of selling a majority stake in the company. This is not the first time that the investment bank is searching for buyers since lenders invoked strategic debt restructuring norms in August 2015. R. Sree Ram Topics: US stocks Asian markets BSE NSE Sensex More From Livemint READ MORE Opening bell: Asia opens mixed; RIL Q3 earnings in focus A bumpy ride for road construction firms What will make the Rajasthan acquisition tick for NTPC? First Published: Fri, Jan 06 2017. 07 56 AM IST Editor's Picks Union budget: Good economics, good politics, or bit of both? Finance ministry, Reserve Bank and autonomy Govt planning to overhaul Rs10,000 crore start-up fund Latest News Opening bell: Asia opens mixed; RIL Q3 earnings in focus A bumpy ride for road construction firms What will make the Rajasthan acquisition tick for NTPC? Should the budget stray from straight and narrow path of fiscal consolidation? When will the bond rally run out of steam? Mint On Sunday How Aryabhata got the earth's circumference right  Of Firuz Shah, the other Tughlaq Letter from... my social media feeds  Be afraid. But don’t be very afraid. The best new Indian restaurants in London Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:43 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing said close to US$10.1b order from India SpiceJet Friday January 6, 2017 09:55 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois October 4, 2016. — Reuters picMUMBAI, Jan 6 — Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is poised to order at least 92 Boeing Co. 737 jetliners as the carrier plots rapid expansion in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market. The transaction, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks after lengthy talks that pitted Boeing against rival Airbus Group SE, people with direct knowledge of the decision said. The deal includes firm orders for at least 50 of Boeing’s 737 Max, and renegotiated terms for 42 of the single-aisle jets that SpiceJet originally ordered in 2014, said the people, who asked not be identified because the discussions are private. The 92 Max jets would be valued at about US$10.1 billion (RM45.15 billion) at current list prices, before the discounts that are customary for large purchases. The order would be a record for SpiceJet, which was forced to shut down operations for a day two years ago after it ran out of money. Current chairman and co-founder Ajay Singh bailed out the low-cost carrier. The airline may boost the total if final talks yield bigger discounts and favorable maintenance contracts, one person said. Boeing would gain a stronger toehold in India, where Airbus dominates narrow-body fleets after a string of order victories. IndiGo, Go Airlines India Pvt and the local unit of AirAsia Bhd all fly variants of the Airbus A320. “We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” the airline said in an e-mailed statement. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment. Crucial market The order would help SpiceJet, India’s second-biggest budget carrier, compete with market leader IndiGo, which has ordered hundreds of Airbus jets to tap surging air-travel demand from a fast-growing middle class. While IndiGo controls about 42 per cent of a market that has seen local carriers almost double to 11 in the past four years, SpiceJet’s share is about 13 per cent. SpiceJet shares rose 4.6 per cent yesterday in Mumbai, paring past year’s losses to 23 per cent. Boeing shares were little changed at US$158.71 in New York. India is crucial for Boeing and Airbus, and both offered aggressive discounts to SpiceJet, Bloomberg News reported in July. Boeing, whose jets dominate the current SpiceJet fleet, has the advantage of close financial ties. As the carrier’s financial condition worsened, Boeing provided assistance with payments to help it cope with the situation. That earlier deal, which is still on the manufacturer’s books, will now become a part of the new order, the people said. SpiceJet operates a fleet of 26 Boeing 737 jets and 14 Bombardier Q400 turboprops, according to its website. IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd, in 2015 ordered 250 Airbus A320neo jets. That order followed a 2006 deal for 100 A320 planes, and 180 A320neos ordered in 2011. IndiGo has 126 jets in its fleet. India has been among some of the toughest markets for airlines, with some carriers failing due to fuel taxes, tariffs and low fares. As many as 17 airlines in India have shut down in the past two decades, according to consulting company KPMG and the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Sterling plunges after Britain hints at ‘hard Brexit’ Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Indian airlines soar but experts warn of turbulence ahead India’s SpiceJet to buy Boeing planes worth US$22b Malaysia Airlines orders 50 Boeing 737 MAX jets in US$5.5b deal Indian billionaires’ stake value shrink with SpiceJet slide India’s SpiceJet Ltd seeks to lower costs as competition from AirAsia Bhd intensifies Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Industry Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet, says report Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet, says report Budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, a report said. By: Reuters | New Delhi | Updated: January 6, 2017 7:16 AM Budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market, a report said. (Reuters) Budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world’s fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. The deal, which would more than double SpiceJet’s 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks Bloomberg reported, citing people with direct knowledge of the decision. Watch this video The order could be worth about $10.1 billion, the publication reported. Boeing declined to comment while SpiceJet was not immediately available outside regular business hours. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Fire breaks out at Presidency University in Kolkata Kotak rates Cipla as 'Buy', says firm reaffirmed capabilities in respiratory space Insurance commission set to spike from April; get ready for greater attention from agents Panel recommends reservation for girl students in IITs BJP Central Election Committee holds meeting to finalise candidates Delhi beat UP in inconsequential Pro Wrestling League tie David Guetta performs in Delhi, Mumbai on same day Five youths try to enter AAP MLA Asim Ahmed Khan's house, one held Election Commission to decide fate of 'cycle' on Monday We needed to tell the opposition that we believe we can win: Virat Kohli State government should not encourage anti-national forces: Jitendra Singh  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks Elizabeth Warren: The GOP’s strategy for Obamacare? Repeal and run. Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ in Obamacare replacement plan Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Boeing, Airbus brace for slowdown as jet-buying binge nears end E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Julie Johnsson Bloomberg News  January 06, 2017 CHICAGO — The unprecedented jetliner shopping spree that’s spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close.  That’s bad news for Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, which face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. Final 2016 tallies to be unveiled over the next few days will probably show aircraft orders trailing shipments, a sign of a weakening market. Airline profits are poised to fall from last year’s peak, with even Persian Gulf juggernauts Emirates and Etihad Airways PJSC tempering growth. Advertisement Unlike past retrenchments triggered by terrorism or recession, demand has also been hurt by the relatively low cost of fuel. While oil has risen in the past year, prices are hovering at about $50 a barrel, half of what they were in mid-2014. That gives airlines less incentive to retire older jetliners or order newer, more efficient models. The glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years for the lucrative 737 and A320 families of single-aisle aircraft. With last week’s revelation that Emirates is postponing a dozen Airbus A380 superjumbos, the total number of delivery delays for the year reached 251, the most since at least 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyzer data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “It’s not that the sky is falling, but we are definitely late in the cycle,” said Ron Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp. So far, planemakers have been able to find other takers for production slots that have been vacated as carriers such as United Continental Holdings Inc. and Southwest Airlines Co. postpone deliveries and scan the secondary market for bargains. “The real question becomes how long are they able to do that for,” Epstein said during a presentation last month. Advertisement Nobody knows how steep the downturn will be or how long it will last, and the trade war with China threatened by President-elect Donald Trump only adds to the uncertainty. In contrast to previous slowdowns, global air travel is still growing and airlines are mostly making money, providing assurance they’ll follow through on the bulk of their orders. Airbus and Boeing are sitting on a near-record $1.2 trillion order backlog, and to some extent are victims of their own success. Airlines aren’t racing to close deals for jetliner models that are sold out for the rest of the decade, such as Airbus’s A350 and Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner. As the second-largest US defense contractor, Chicago-based Boeing has an added cushion: Weapons sales seem likely to increase because Trump has vowed to boost military budgets, even as he’s railed against costs. There are signs, however, that the aerospace cycle has peaked. Global airline profit this year is forecast to fall 16 percent to $29.8 billion from 2016’s apex, according to the International Air Transport Association, an industry trade group. Another indicator of the aircraft manufacturing’s health, a measure of sales to shipments known as the book-to-bill ratio, is expected fall to the weakest level since the 2009 recession, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Boeing had netted 470 orders through Dec. 20, well short of its targeted deliveries of 740 to 745 planes for the year. Airbus reported 410 net orders through November. The European planemaker had been aiming to deliver 670 jetliners in 2016, 20 more than it forecast at the start of the year. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Christopher L. Gasper: To Tom Brady, ‘good enough’ isn’t enough America is off the tracks Elizabeth Warren: The GOP’s strategy for Obamacare? Repeal and run. Trump vows ‘insurance for everybody’ in Obamacare replacement plan Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing nears $10.1 bln order from India's Spicejet - Bloomberg By Reuters Published: 19:37 EST, 5 January 2017 | Updated: 19:37 EST, 5 January 2017 e-mail Jan 5 (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. The deal, which would more than double SpiceJet's 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks Bloomberg reported, citing people with direct knowledge of the decision. (http://bloom.bg/2iGOB9c) The order could be worth about $10.1 billion, the publication reported. Boeing declined to comment while SpiceJet was not immediately available outside regular business hours. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > Southwest to boost capacity 3.5% in 2017, announces 22 new routes Southwest to boost capacity 3.5% in 2017, announces 22 new routes Jan 5, 2017 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rob Finlayson Related Media Gallery: Southwest begins Havana service Advertisement Southwest Airlines, which plans to grow capacity 3.5% in 2017, has released details on 22 new and seasonal routes, including four international routes originating from its forthcoming international concourse at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. As of Nov. 30, 2016, the Dallas, Texas-based carrier had taken delivery of 131 of 155 Boeing 737-800s on order; 32 were delivered through Nov. 30, approximately three per month. At this rate, the remaining 737-800s should be delivered by July, in time for the planned entry-into-service of Boeing’s 737 MAX aircraft, for which Southwest is the launch customer. Southwest has 200 737 MAXs on order. Southwest’s new five-gate international Concourse A at Fort Lauderdale’s Terminal 1 is scheduled to open June 4. On that date, Southwest will launch 1X-daily service to Grand Cayman. On June 6, the airline will begin new routes to Montego Bay (Jamaica), Belize and Cancun (Mexico). The new routes are pending government approvals and will bring to eight the total number of international routes Southwest will operate from Fort Lauderdale (along with Nassau, Bahamas, and Cuban cities Havana, Varadero and Santa Clara). Additionally out of Fort Lauderdale, Southwest plans to launch new 1X-daily service to Washington Dulles, 1X-daily service to Philadelphia, and 1X-daily service to Orlando beginning June 4. The airline will also launch a new 2X-daily Tampa-New York LaGuardia service, as well as a weekend Pensacola-Denver route. The airline also announced new Ohio routes beginning June 4, concentrating on operations out of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport and Cleveland International Airport. Southwest plans to end operations out of airports in both Akron-Canton and Dayton on June 3. The new Ohio routes include daily Cincinnati-Baltimore, Cincinnati-Chicago Midway, and Cleveland-Atlanta service. The airline will increase Cleveland-St Louis service to 2X-daily. Also out of the US midwest, Southwest will introduce new Indianapolis-Newark and Nashville-Minneapolis service, starting June 4. On the US west coast, Southwest is boosting service from San Diego with two new routes (San Diego-Boise, Idaho and San Diego-Salt Lake City, Utah) and three seasonal routes (San Diego-Newark; San Diego-Spokane, Washington; and San Diego-Indianapolis, Indiana). All routes will begin June 4. Additional new west coast routes to launch on June 4 include Portland, Oregon-San Francisco; San Jose, California-Reno, Nevada; and a seasonal route between Oakland, California-Newark. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles China Southern to boost international routes in 2017 Alaska Airlines, Virgin America boost routes from San Francisco hub Delta to launch seasonal service to Dublin, Lisbon & Berlin in 2017   Delta to add new services on Boston routes   China Eastern sees fast growth in 2016, but a challenging 2017   Blogs & Commentary Jan 6, 2017 blog Aviation’s 2017 nightmares begin in Fort Lauderdale There is still a lot to be learned from today’s shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport, but this is the nightmare the industry – especially US airlines and airports – feared as we entered a new year....More Jan 3, 2017 blog In defense of airlines’ checked baggage fees Those wanting checked baggage fees rescinded are inadvertently advocating for worse customer service for passengers....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Jan 12, 2017 Article ATW Plus Airbus responds to weaker A380 demand   Airbus is evaluating a higher-density Airbus A380 layout and is seeking to cut the program’s fixed costs and slow down production to counter weak demand....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus to deliver over 700 aircraft in 2017 Airbus is ramping up production and is expecting to deliver more than 700 aircraft in 2017, as it starts to overcome supply chain and program maturity issues....More Jan 11, 2017 Article Airbus achieves 731 net orders and 688 deliveries in 2016 Airbus secured net orders for 731 aircraft in 2016, while deliveries were up 8% at 688 aircraft, exceeding its full-year target. By comparison, Boeing logged net orders for 668 aircraft and delivered 728....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter The Dawn of Colossal Spacecraft May Be Nearer Than You Think Written by Becky Ferreira Contributor January 5, 2017 // 03:30 PM EST Copy This URL Stanford torus community concept design. Image: Don Davis From Battlestar Galactica to the imperial Death Star, the world of fiction is rife with gargantuan spacecraft capable of supporting thousands of residents with their own personal quarters and facilities. But for real astronauts, spaceflight is not quite so, well, spacious. Take the International Space Station (ISS), which is the largest spacefaring vessel ever built, as well as the most expensive single construction project in human history, costing the US alone around $100 billion. Its first module was launched in November 1998, and its first long-duration crew, consisting of three people, arrived onboard two years later. With an internal pressurized volume of 32,898 cubic feet, roughly equal to the interior of a Boeing 747, the ISS is a far cry from the cavernous starships we’re used to seeing in science fiction and fantasy. That said, the station and its predecessors are enormously helpful testbeds in the quest to develop even more massive spaceships down the line. Like the Mir space station, which flew from 1986 to 2001, the modules of the ISS were launched separately and assembled in space, like some high-stakes orbital LEGO kit. Animation depicting assembly sequence of ISS. Video: NASA Johnson/YouTube The cost of blasting separate components out of Earth’s powerful gravitational grasp is exorbitant, but the microgravity environment into which they are deployed offers considerable advantages for large engineering projects. What better place to construct colossal architectures than outer space, where immensely heavy structures are rendered functionally weightless and easily maneuverable by smaller spacecraft, or human astronauts? Indeed, anyone who has toyed around with the Kerbal Space Program is probably already familiar with the benefits of in situ orbital manufacturing. Of course, there’s a big difference between throwing together spacecraft in a computer game, and assembling them in real life. Fortunately, the global space community has been steadily working towards achieving the centuries-old dream of big off-Earth structures that can support both robotic and human spaceflight missions. Just last month, for instance, NASA announced its finalists for the Breakthrough, Innovative and Game-changing (BIG) Idea Challenge, which annually solicits concepts for emerging spaceflight platforms. In 2017, the BIG Challenge is focusing on designing modular spacecraft, powered by solar electric propulsion, that could ferry cargo from low Earth orbit to lunar distant retrograde orbit (LDRO). Concept art of potential BIG idea design. Image: Analytical Mechanics Associates According to Keith Belvin, the principal technologist for structures, materials and nanotechnology at NASA’s Space Technology Mission Directorate—and a judge for the BIG Challenge—LDRO is a particularly useful place to park and assemble large spacecraft because it has a much weaker gravity well relative to low Earth orbit. “LDRO is about a 6,000 kilometer orbit [around the Moon],” Belvin told me over the phone. “It’s really nice for a lot of reasons. It’s pretty easy to access. It’s pretty easy to leave from. So, that could form a good staging location. If we developed a satellite assembly construction in situ manufacturing servicing capability in this orbit, then we could launch vehicles in pieces, and assemble them in that orbit.” LDRO could even function as a service and refueling checkpoint for spacecraft returning from distant locations around the solar system. “Let’s suppose that we go to Phobos [one of Mars’ two moons] or do a Mars-type mission,” Belvin said. “When the vehicle comes back, instead of coming back to Earth and burning up, we would bring it back to LDRO, refurbish it, and use it again for another mission.” The ability to reuse spacecraft in this way would drastically reduce the cost of robotic deep space exploration, while also spurring the kind of infrastructures crucial for human exploration to more distant worlds like Mars. It will take an enormous amount of money, time, and effort to build these orbital truck-stops, but the back-end payoff of paving a super-roadway in space would be well worth it, according to author and spaceflight advocate Howard Bloom. “Why move NASA into space highway construction?” Bloom asked in a recent Scientific American article. “Because no one else will do it. And our future in space depends on it. Our future share in a space economy that United Launch Alliance (a joint venture rocket company from Boeing and Lockheed Martin) estimates will be worth $2.7 trillion in 30 years.” This notion of building cumulatively larger, more robust, and more efficient modular structures in space could lay the groundwork for the kinds of futuristic space communities we’ve grown accustomed to seeing in fiction—like O’Neill cylinders or city-sized starships—even if that process takes decades, or even centuries. O’Neill cylinder concept design. Image: Rick Guidice/NASA Ames Research Center In the meantime, there are plenty of other massive spacecraft concepts aimed towards solving problems on our own planet. One of the most prominent is the longstanding dream of building solar power plants in space, where sunlight is abundant and unfiltered by atmospheric interference. Over time, researchers have produced numerous captivating concept designs for space-based solar arrays measuring a kilometer across, or more. These systems could deliver green energy to locations all around the world, while also powering orbital systems or deep space missions. There are many hurdles left to clear before this lofty goal can be accomplished, but scientists, including Belvin, think space-based solar power is a technically sound possibility over the near term. “I think the technology is almost there,” Belvin told me. “There’s a lot of engineering that has to take place to make it efficient and cost-effective. But I think of the Apollo Program, starting in the early 1960s, and that had to be a dream, to go to the Moon. If there’s the money, and the will, you can do a lot in a decade. So, if anybody says: ‘Hey, we’ve got to have an orbiting power system,’ for whatever reason, I think we could do it within a decade.” READ MORE: Everything We Know About Beaming Solar Power to Earth from Space It’s exciting to know that the space sector is beginning to close in on these ambitious projects, constrained mainly by funding and resources rather than the technology itself. And while it’s tricky to predict what kind of vessel will overtake the ISS as the largest spacefaring structure in history, the fact that there are so many potential candidates in the works right now is a cause for celebration. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter. Topics: space, Big Machines, international space station, infrastructure, construction, nasa, lunar distant retrograde orbit, CES Counterprogramming, Futures Contact the author by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended The Milky Way Stole Some of Its Outer Stars from Another Galaxy Fish Are Having a Real Hard Time in Space The Mine of the Future Is Run by Drones Meet the Farm Hackers Working to Make Growing Food More Efficient How NASA’s Longest Space Dweller Sees Earth NASA Needs to Change the Batteries on the Space Station Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular Did Inadequate Women’s Healthcare Destroy Star Wars’ Old Republic? Dark Matter Hunters Are Hoping 2017 Is Their Year How to Erase a Neighborhood Examining the Lethality of the Booby Traps in ‘Home Alone’ Here’s North Korea’s Totalitarian Android Tablet Information Won't Make Us Immortal © 2017 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » India News » Wrap up Rs 70,000 crore Air India scam probe by June, SC tells CBI Wrap up Rs 70,000 crore Air India scam probe by June, SC tells CBIDhananjay Mahapatra The Supreme Court ordered the CBI on Thursday to complete probe into the alleged Rs 70,000 crore scam in purchase and leasing of aircraft by Air India during UPA-I government in 2005-06. | TNN | Jan 6, 2017, 02.18 AM IST Multi billion Air India aircraft scam: SC tells CBI to complete probe by June The Supreme Court directed the Central Bureau of Investigation to conduct a probe into the purchase of 111 aircrafts purchased under the UPA government. During the hearing the Bench expressed hope that the CBI would adhere to the timeline and conclude the probe by June 2017. 2017-01-05T14:35+00:00 Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi informed the bench that CBI had registered an FIR in 2013 & has already examined 55 witnesses. Related Videos Multi billion Air India aircra... NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court ordered the CBI on Thursday to complete probe into the alleged Rs 70,000 crore scam in purchase and leasing of aircraft by Air India during UPA-I government in 2005-06. Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi informed a bench of Chief Justice J S Khehar and Justices N V Ramana and D Y Chandrachud that CBI had registered an FIR in 2013 and has already examined 55 witnesses. "CBI has requested UK for certain information and has so far examined 55 witnesses. Investigations are likely to be completed by June," Rohatgi said. An Empowered Group of Ministers under chairmanship of then finance minister P Chidambaram and comprising then law minister H R Bharadwaj and civil aviation minister Praful Patel was constituted on December 20, 2005. It held discussions with Boeing and GE on December 24, 2005. A note signed by Chidambaram submitted for information and approval of the then Prime Minister for placing orders for 68 aircraft with Boeing with a caveat that Boeing would complete delivery of the planes by 2011 instead of 2012. The PMO on December 30, 2005 informed that the PM has seen note and directed that the ministry of civil aviation "may inform the CCEA about the finalised transaction". The bench headed by the CJI asked CBI to look into all allegations levelled by petitioner, Centre for Public Interest Litigation through advocate Prashant Bhushan, including alleged irregularity in purchase of biometric system for Air India at a cost of Rs 1,000 crore. Bhushan said a Canadian superior court had already found that bribes were paid in bagging the contract for biometric systems by Air India. The petitioner had also questioned allocation of lucrative routes to private airliners at the cost of Air India. When the AG said that looking into all the charges levelled by the NGO would drag the investigation, the bench firmly told him: "We are not going to allow you too much of time given the fact that the FIR was registered in 2013." After the allegations about irregularities in the purchase and hiring of 111 aircraft by Air India surfaced, the Comptroller and Auditor General had given a stinging report questioning the procedure and modus operandi adopted by the civil aviation ministry. On tabling of the CAG report in Parliament, it was referred to the Public Accounts Committee. The PAC had sought certain clarifications and the ministry had given its response on May 3, 2016. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Kiran Bedi cancels Puducherry CM’s order on use of social media Bill targeting H-1B visas reintroduced in US Congress MS Dhoni quits as captain of ODI and T20 teams Air India takes on Rajdhani Express in fare war National carrier Air India is all set to lock itself in a straight battle with the Rajdhani Express as it will launch a three-month long sale that offers airfares at the cost of train tickets. The special fares will be on offer on all routes operated by Rajdhani. Suspended AAP member alleges corruption in party, launches 'Chanda Bandh Satyagraha' Ahead of the Punjab Assembly elections, the Aam Aadmi Party is facing a fresh challenge. A suspended member of the party Munish Raizada has announced a Chanda Bandh satyagrah alleging non-transparency in collection of donations. Read MoreSupreme CourtPraful PatelMukul RohatgiCentre for Public Interest LitigationCBI Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Farmer suicides up 42% between 2014 & 2015 218 Indian fishermen freed by Pakistan; one dies before release Roads have become parking space: Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari CBI says examining AirAsia matter but no probe or case yet 1Wrap up Rs 70,000 crore Air India scam probe by June, SC tells CBI 2Farmer suicides up 42% between 2014 & 2015 3218 Indian fishermen freed by Pakistan; one dies before release 4Roads have become parking space: Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari 5CBI says examining AirAsia matter but no probe or case yet About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Narendra Modi Akhilesh Yadav Election Commission of India UP Election 2017 Date MS Dhoni Bigg Boss 10 Election Dates Dhoni Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing, Airbus Brace for Slowdown as Jet-Buying Binge Nears End by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson January 5, 2017, 10:40 AM EST January 5, 2017, 2:32 PM EST Lower fuel costs leave little need to replace old aircraft Planemakers probably will show orders fell short of deliveries Employees work on a Boeing 737 MAX airplane at the Boeing manufacturing facility in Renton, Washington. Photographer: David Ryder/Bloomberg The unprecedented jetliner shopping spree that’s spanned more than a decade is drawing to a close.  That’s bad news for  Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, which face slowing jet sales and the highest level of airplane-delivery deferrals in at least 15 years. Final 2016 tallies to be unveiled over the next few days will probably show aircraft orders trailing shipments, a sign of a weakening market. Airline profits are poised to fall from last year’s peak, with even Persian Gulf juggernauts Emirates and Etihad Airways PJSC tempering growth. Unlike past retrenchments triggered by terrorism or recession, demand has also been hurt by the relatively low cost of fuel. While oil has risen in the past year, prices are hovering at about $50 a barrel, half of what they were in mid-2014. That gives airlines less incentive to retire older jetliners or order newer, more efficient models. The glut of jets is sapping interest in wide-body planes and threatening production increases that Boeing and Airbus have plotted over the next two years for the lucrative 737 and A320 families of single-aisle aircraft. With last week’s revelation that Emirates is postponing a dozen Airbus A380 superjumbos, the total number of delivery delays for the year reached 251, the most since at least 2001, according to Flight Fleets Analyzer data compiled by Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s not that the sky is falling, but we are definitely late in the cycle,” said Ron Epstein, an analyst at Bank of America Corp. Brakes On So far, planemakers have been able to find other takers for production slots that have been vacated as carriers such as United Continental Holdings Inc. and Southwest Airlines Co. postpone deliveries and scan the secondary market for bargains. “The real question becomes how long are they able to do that for,” Epstein said during a presentation last month. Nobody knows how steep the downturn will be or how long it will last, and the trade war with China threatened by President-elect Donald Trump only adds to the uncertainty. In contrast to previous slowdowns, global air travel is still growing and airlines are mostly making money, providing assurance they’ll follow through on the bulk of their orders. Airbus and Boeing are sitting on a near-record $1.2 trillion order backlog, and to some extent are victims of their own success. Airlines aren’t racing to close deals for jetliner models that are sold out for the rest of the decade, such as Airbus’s A350 and Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner. As the second-largest U.S. defense contractor, Chicago-based Boeing has an added cushion: Weapons sales seem likely to increase because Trump has vowed to boost military budgets, even as he’s railed against costs. There are signs, however, that the aerospace cycle has peaked. Global airline profit this year is forecast to fall 16 percent to $29.8 billion from 2016’s apex, according to the International Air Transport Association, an industry trade group. Another indicator of the aircraft manufacturing’s health, a measure of sales to shipments known as the book-to-bill ratio, is expected fall to the weakest level since the 2009 recession, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Boeing had netted 470 orders through Dec. 20, well short of its targeted deliveries of 740 to 745 planes for the year. Airbus reported 410 net orders through November. The European planemaker had been aiming to deliver 670 jetliners in 2016, 20 more than it forecast at the start of the year. The annual totals don’t include sales to Iran or deals closed late in December, including an order for 75 Boeing 737 Max placed by General Electric Co.’s aircraft leasing division. Spokesmen for Boeing and Airbus declined to comment. Airbus shares gained only 1.4 percent last year after surging 50 percent in 2015. Boeing climbed 7.7 percent, trailing the S&P 500 Index. The outlook for Boeing investors this year is worse, with a potential return of 0.4 percent based on the average 12-month target price of 26 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. By the same yardstick, Airbus is poised for a 3.6 percent increase. Twin-Aisle Glut The market is also absorbing a glut of twin-aisle jets after output increased at a 16 percent annual pace from 2011 through 2015, said Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst at Teal Group. Last month, Boeing announced a second cut in the production rate of its 777 jetliner amid a sales drought, while Airbus’s A330neo orders have stalled, he said. About 18,070 passenger planes were in service as of November, a 41 percent jump from 2007, according to a Dec. 19 report by Deutsche Bank AG. Only 6.6 percent of the global fleet was stored, down from 8.3 percent in November 2007. “It’s different manifestations of the same problem,” Aboulafia said. “With twin-aisles, it’s demand. With single-aisles, it’s fuel.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter There are other indications that the market is saturated: Lease rates peaked in 2015, while aircraft values have retreated since January 2016, said George Dimitroff, head of valuations for Flight Ascend Consultancy. Even prices for in-demand narrow-bodies like Boeing’s 737 and Airbus’s A320 could be at risk over the next three years if the planemakers follow through on plans to increase output 36 percent. “Our analysis shows capacity growth will be too high with production rates increasing and retirements remaining low, so something has to give,” Dimitroff said. “Unless we see global air-travel growth above 7 percent over the next few years, it’s difficult to see how all that additional capacity on the market will be filled.” Rising interest rates and the strong U.S. dollar -- the currency used for aircraft deals -- also threaten aircraft orders, Ken Herbert, an aerospace analyst with Canaccord Genuity, said in a report Thursday. The “backlog today is more concentrated in emerging markets, notably Asia, than at any prior time or cycle,” Herbert said. “The increased exposure to Asia and the capacity growth assumptions upon which fleet plans are currently based do represent a significant risk we are watching heading into 2017.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Jeppesen And LOT Polish Airlines Sign Charting And Navigation Services Agreement ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, recently signed a five-year service agreement with LOT Polish Airlines, the flagship carrier of Poland, to provide digital charting for LOT’s electronic flight bag (EFB) platform. LOT will incorporate Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on Windows tablets as its charting EFB solution and will continue to use Jeppesen NavData® for digital navigation, through the agreement. “We have maintained a long-standing relationship with Jeppesen based on trusted data and the delivery of the most accurate flight information available,” said Mateusz Kołakowski, program manager, LOT Polish Airlines. “We look forward to using Windows tablets to access all of our critical flight information through Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro, which reduces preparation time and increases situational awareness on the ground and in the air.”  The use of FliteDeck Pro will eliminate operational paper content from LOT aircraft, which improves fuel consumption based on weight reduction. FliteDeck Pro features real-time, data driven flight information for all phases of flight, and is displayed per the preferences of the pilot. FliteDeck Pro also significantly reduces pilot workload through automated processes. “LOT Polish Airlines is one of the longest continuously operating airlines in Europe and we are proud to provide them with the tools to continue their digital transformation,” said Norman Wagner, director, Jeppesen Strategic Sales & Service – Europe. “Eliminating cumbersome paper based materials through use of Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro improves pilot workflow and optimizes operational efficiency by providing all essential flight information on LOT Windows tablets.” Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. To view the global destinations served by LOT Polish Airlines, see www.lot.com. About LOT Polish Airlines LOT Polish Airlines is a modern airline that connects New Europe with the world. It provides nearly 5 million passengers a year with the shortest and most comfortable travel options to almost 60 destinations worldwide via Warsaw, a competitive hub that offers fast connections. As the only carrier in the region, LOT offers direct long-haul flights to the USA, Canada, Chin, Japan and South Korea while building its leadership position in East Central Europe. It flies one of the youngest fleets in Europe and, as the only airline, operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the world’s most advanced aircraft, on all long-haul connections. LOT relies primarily on the passion and positive energy of its team members, including top ranking pilots in the global aviation business, often champions in many aviation sports. With 87 years of experience, LOT is also one of the oldest airlines in the world and the most internationally recognized Polish brand. This recognition is proven by the numerous awards from industry organizations, media and, above all, from passengers. More information for media available at http://corporate.lot.com/pl/en/press-room About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem.   SOURCE Jeppesen Tagsaircraft, carrier, company, service, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious B Hotels & Resorts Unveils Multi-Million Dollar Renovation Of B Ocean Resort, Fort Lauderdale Next PostNext Verizon and Cypress Bring Secure Connectivity to Robust Internet of Things Development Platform Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 RFI Studios wins Digital Retainer from Porsche Carrera Cup Asia 16 January 2017 MYANMAR ELECTRICITY: MiTA Myanmar Electricity Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Second Range Crossing project brings long-term benefits to Toowoomba 16 January 2017 Why Match Group Inc Stock Jumped 26% Last Year 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Jeppesen And LOT Polish Airlines Sign Charting And Navigation Services Agreement ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, recently signed a five-year service agreement with LOT Polish Airlines, the flagship carrier of Poland, to provide digital charting for LOT’s electronic flight bag (EFB) platform. LOT will incorporate Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on Windows tablets as its charting EFB solution and will continue to use Jeppesen NavData® for digital navigation, through the agreement. “We have maintained a long-standing relationship with Jeppesen based on trusted data and the delivery of the most accurate flight information available,” said Mateusz Kołakowski, program manager, LOT Polish Airlines. “We look forward to using Windows tablets to access all of our critical flight information through Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro, which reduces preparation time and increases situational awareness on the ground and in the air.”  The use of FliteDeck Pro will eliminate operational paper content from LOT aircraft, which improves fuel consumption based on weight reduction. FliteDeck Pro features real-time, data driven flight information for all phases of flight, and is displayed per the preferences of the pilot. FliteDeck Pro also significantly reduces pilot workload through automated processes. “LOT Polish Airlines is one of the longest continuously operating airlines in Europe and we are proud to provide them with the tools to continue their digital transformation,” said Norman Wagner, director, Jeppesen Strategic Sales & Service – Europe. “Eliminating cumbersome paper based materials through use of Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro improves pilot workflow and optimizes operational efficiency by providing all essential flight information on LOT Windows tablets.” Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. To view the global destinations served by LOT Polish Airlines, see www.lot.com. About LOT Polish Airlines LOT Polish Airlines is a modern airline that connects New Europe with the world. It provides nearly 5 million passengers a year with the shortest and most comfortable travel options to almost 60 destinations worldwide via Warsaw, a competitive hub that offers fast connections. As the only carrier in the region, LOT offers direct long-haul flights to the USA, Canada, Chin, Japan and South Korea while building its leadership position in East Central Europe. It flies one of the youngest fleets in Europe and, as the only airline, operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the world’s most advanced aircraft, on all long-haul connections. LOT relies primarily on the passion and positive energy of its team members, including top ranking pilots in the global aviation business, often champions in many aviation sports. With 87 years of experience, LOT is also one of the oldest airlines in the world and the most internationally recognized Polish brand. This recognition is proven by the numerous awards from industry organizations, media and, above all, from passengers. More information for media available at http://corporate.lot.com/pl/en/press-room About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry’s largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jeppesen-and-lot-polish-airlines-sign-charting-and-navigation-services-agreement-300385829.html SOURCE Jeppesen Tagsaircraft, carrier, company, service, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Koppers Inc. Announces Tender Offer For Its 7.875% Senior Notes Due 2019 Next PostNext TSO3 Provides an Operational Update Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 RFI Studios wins Digital Retainer from Porsche Carrera Cup Asia 16 January 2017 MYANMAR ELECTRICITY: MiTA Myanmar Electricity Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Second Range Crossing project brings long-term benefits to Toowoomba 16 January 2017 Why Match Group Inc Stock Jumped 26% Last Year 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Jeppesen And LOT Polish Airlines Sign Charting And Navigation Services Agreement Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on Windows tablets helps airline operate more efficiently News provided by Jeppesen Jan 05, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article ENGLEWOOD, Colo., Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jeppesen, a Boeing Company, recently signed a five-year service agreement with LOT Polish Airlines, the flagship carrier of Poland, to provide digital charting for LOT's electronic flight bag (EFB) platform. LOT will incorporate Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro on Windows tablets as its charting EFB solution and will continue to use Jeppesen NavData® for digital navigation, through the agreement. "We have maintained a long-standing relationship with Jeppesen based on trusted data and the delivery of the most accurate flight information available," said Mateusz Kołakowski, program manager, LOT Polish Airlines. "We look forward to using Windows tablets to access all of our critical flight information through Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro, which reduces preparation time and increases situational awareness on the ground and in the air."  The use of FliteDeck Pro will eliminate operational paper content from LOT aircraft, which improves fuel consumption based on weight reduction. FliteDeck Pro features real-time, data driven flight information for all phases of flight, and is displayed per the preferences of the pilot. FliteDeck Pro also significantly reduces pilot workload through automated processes. "LOT Polish Airlines is one of the longest continuously operating airlines in Europe and we are proud to provide them with the tools to continue their digital transformation," said Norman Wagner, director, Jeppesen Strategic Sales & Service – Europe. "Eliminating cumbersome paper based materials through use of Jeppesen FliteDeck Pro improves pilot workflow and optimizes operational efficiency by providing all essential flight information on LOT Windows tablets." Jeppesen NavData is developed from a comprehensive aviation database, which is composed of more than one million records. To ensure accuracy, Jeppesen flight information analysts edit and verify approximately 150,000 database transactions generated from worldwide aviation data source documents during every 28-day revision cycle. For further detail on the industry-leading navigation, operations, training and optimization solutions provided by Jeppesen, please visit www.jeppesen.com. To view the global destinations served by LOT Polish Airlines, see www.lot.com. About LOT Polish Airlines LOT Polish Airlines is a modern airline that connects New Europe with the world. It provides nearly 5 million passengers a year with the shortest and most comfortable travel options to almost 60 destinations worldwide via Warsaw, a competitive hub that offers fast connections. As the only carrier in the region, LOT offers direct long-haul flights to the USA, Canada, Chin, Japan and South Korea while building its leadership position in East Central Europe. It flies one of the youngest fleets in Europe and, as the only airline, operates the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the world's most advanced aircraft, on all long-haul connections. LOT relies primarily on the passion and positive energy of its team members, including top ranking pilots in the global aviation business, often champions in many aviation sports. With 87 years of experience, LOT is also one of the oldest airlines in the world and the most internationally recognized Polish brand. This recognition is proven by the numerous awards from industry organizations, media and, above all, from passengers. More information for media available at http://corporate.lot.com/pl/en/press-room About Jeppesen For more than 80 years, Jeppesen has made it possible for pilots and their passengers to safely and efficiently reach their destinations. Today, this pioneering spirit continues as Jeppesen delivers transformative information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations around the globe. Jeppesen is a Boeing subsidiary and part of the Digital Aviation business unit within Boeing Commercial Aviation Services. Boeing offers the industry's largest portfolio of support and services solutions, providing customers a competitive advantage by solving real operational problems, enabling better decisions, maximizing efficiency and improving environmental performance – intelligent information solutions across the entire aviation ecosystem.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jeppesen-and-lot-polish-airlines-sign-charting-and-navigation-services-agreement-300385829.html SOURCE Jeppesen Related Links http://www.jeppesen.com Dec 01, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: UK-Based Flybe Signs For Jeppesen Navigation And Digital Optimization Services My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 01, 2016, 07:30 ETUK-Based Flybe Signs For Jeppesen Navigation And Digital... Nov 09, 2016, 07:30 ETJeppesen To Deliver Pre-Loaded Digital Data With Purchase Of New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Contracts You just read: Jeppesen And LOT Polish Airlines Sign Charting And Navigation Services Agreement News provided by Jeppesen Jan 05, 2017, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION January 16, 2017 | Last updated 1 minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy9 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing wins $8.8b in 737 MAX orders, still short of goal The orders mean the world’s biggest plane maker clinched at least 536 net jetliner sales last year Image Credit: AFP A Boeing 737 MAX 8 airliner as it lifts off in Renton, Washington. Boeing won a contract to supply 75 single-aisle 737 Max 8 planes to General Electric’s airplane leasing arm worth $8.25 billion at current listed prices, the companies announced on January 4, 2017. The order, booked in December, increases GE Capital Aviation Services’ backlog of the popular Boeing model to 170 planes. Published: 15:00 January 5, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Seattle: Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had booked firm orders for 80 of its 737 MAX 8 aircraft, valued at $8.8 billion (Dh32.3 billion) at list prices, upping its 2016 tally but leaving it short of its goal. The orders mean the world’s biggest plane maker clinched at least 536 net jetliner sales last year compared with its target of selling as many commercial jets as it delivers, a total it puts between 745 and 750. Through November, Boeing had delivered 681 planes. Boeing’s order tally could climb again on Friday, as the company posts its final update for 2016. Investors watch orders closely as a way to gauge future production and revenue, since Boeing earns the bulk of its money when aircraft are delivered. The company has orders equivalent to about seven years of production, but the majority are single-aisle 737 planes, and sales of its more expensive widebodies like the 777 remain sluggish. Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg affirmed the company’s overall order target in July. In December, he said Boeing would cut 777 output by 40 per cent this year due to slow sales of widebody planes. The orders announced Wednesday include 75 Boeing 737 MAX 8s for General Electric Co Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), valued at $8.25 billion at list prices. GE supplies engines for the 737 MAX through CFM International, a joint venture with Safran SA of France. The latest sale means GECAS now has 170 Boeing 737 MAXs on order, more than any other leasing company, Boeing said. Quiet period The remaining orders, valued at $550 million, came from Travel Service, the largest airline company in the Czech Republic, which operates as SmartWings, Boeing said. Through December 20, Boeing booked 470 net orders in 2016. Since then, it has announced orders for four 737-800s by Jet2.com. On December 27, Delta Air Lines said it was cancelling an order for 18 Boeing 787 Dreamliners. Northwest Airlines placed the order before it merged with Delta. Tallying the changes, Boeing’s book-to-bill ratio is 0.79, below the target of 1.0. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment, citing a quiet period before fourth-quarter earnings on Jan. 25. Boeing has received over 3,400 orders for the 737 MAX. The first 737 MAX is expected to be delivered in the first half of 2017. Boeing’s shares were up about 1 per cent at $158.46. Up to Tuesday’s close, the stock had risen 11.7 per cent in the past 12 months, compared with a 12.2 per cent rise in the S&P 500 index.   Factbox: Airbus executive sees low risk of order cancellations Order cancellations are not a major risk factor for the aerospace industry this year, a senior Airbus executive said on Thursday, dampening concerns about a downturn in the aerospace industry’s cycle amid fragile global economies. “The risk of order cancellations is not very high on our list of risks for this year,” Marwan Lahoud, executive vice-president of international, strategy and public affairs, told a briefing as head of France’s Gifas aerospace industry lobby. On the challenges of increasing aerospace production to keep up with past strong orders, the head of French aerospace supplier Daher, Patrick Daher, said most companies had absorbed the investments needed to meet their production targets. “The obstacles should diminish in 2017 compared to 2016,” he told the same briefing, referring to the risk of delays and quality problems that disrupted some deliveries last year. Lahoud declined to comment on Airbus deliveries. More from Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal SpiceJet to buy 100 new Boeing planes Flynas in $8.6b Airbus deal, shareholder says Emirates to launch daily flight to Croatia Boeing jumbo-jet era ending in US SpiceJet in $10b deal with Boeing for 737 jets tags from this storyFrance follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsFrance follow this tag on MGN+ MGNsp 500 FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks 02US won’t push antitrust case against airlines 03‘Emirates challenging us for future A380’ 04Thousands of travellers face fog-induced delays 05Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Tour of the DWTC kitchens May 18, 2015 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Speeding driver crashes into parked car, dies Revealed: World's most powerful passports 9 ways your own home could kill you Mum reunited with abused baby in Saudi Arabia Dubai retail developers prepare for mega year Businessman donates Dh370m to charity Mohammad Bin Zayed visits UAE ambassador Revealed: Top 25 universities in the world Female Indonesian workers come to UAE Close Recommended For You Palestinian state only solution: Paris meetingPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 European Parliament to elect new presidentPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
World Trademark Review Login Reset password Toggle navigation Home Home Magazine Blog Market intelligence Top TM professionals Research Legal updates Events International directory Media Companies must shore up their social media defences in light of Donald Trump’s targeting of brands 05 Jan 17 < Back to Blogs Tim Lince Protecting brand reputation and managing the possible legal fallout from crisis situations are some of the main responsibilities of an in-house trademark department. One recent element that has created headaches for numerous brands in that regard is the tweeting habit of US president-elect Donald Trump, and specifically his regular calling out of companies and brands. As he prepares to take office on January 20, we take a look at how brands can react should they be the unwitting target of a Trump Twitter tirade. Since announcing his candidacy for the US presidency on the Republican ticket in June 2015, Donald Trump has become notorious for his uncensored and passionate Twitter outbursts, cementing his reputation as the anti-establishment candidate who does not communicate in the traditionally safe, controlled way of career politicians. However, his tweets calling out specific companies have become regular and had a tangible impact for those targeted. In the last 12 months (both before and after his election win), Trump’s social media crosshairs have been aimed at high profile brands including Amazon, General Motors, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Macy’s, T-Mobile, Toyota and Rexnord (not to mention the countless media outlets he has criticised). Within hours of many of these tweets being sent, the impact could be measured in dollars. In December, following Trump criticism on Twitter, Lockheed Martin lost $3.5bn in market value. A similar tweet about Boeing caused a $1 billion stock market hit (although it recovered on the same day). Earlier this week, Trump rallied against General Motors and Toyota (threatening a "big border tax" should they build cars outside of the US), which saw significant share price drops for both companies. Of course, a drop in share price is often recoverable – but a PR hit can be longer lasting. For example, the over 300,000-strong community of Trump supporters on Reddit have an ‘official’ list of companies to boycott, with many on the list added following a Trump social media call out. Named brands can often be inundated with thousands of angry messages following a Trump tweet – both on official social media accounts and also to employees (mainly CEOs) who have public Twitter profiles. Such lists are not uncommon (there is a similar boycott list on the other end of the political spectrum) but a more unique development is the creation of an internet browser extension – called Cuckblock – which notifies Trump supporters that a web-page they are on belongs to a perceived anti-Trump company. Broadly, it is expected that, as president, Trump will target his Twitter tirades to brands in certain sectors – such as those in areas of trade, immigration, healthcare, and defense. For the trademark department at brands in those sectors then (and, perhaps, beyond), preparation is key and - as we discussed in the latest issue of World Trademark Review magazine (now available online to subscribers)  - there are a number of preparatory measures that brands can consider in case they are unwittingly dragged into the political arena in the future. Rob Frankel, strategist, author and dubbed “the best branding expert on the planet”, suggests that preparations should focus on the overall brand strategies, which “defines what the brand is and – just as importantly – what the brand is not”. This, he argues, “goes a long way to protect the brand from being misperceived by anyone attempting to co-opt it”, and should dictate the tone of any response to a Trump tweet – or whether to respond at all. As Eric Fingerhut, trademark practice group leader at Dykema, explains: “Each specific brand must know whether any [response] is going to be a ‘one and done’ or be more extensive, such as joining the conversation. Ultimately, trademark counsel must ensure the brand is in the best position to speak out and prevent commercial misuse of the brand.” The response should therefore be jointly managed and maintained “by the communications team and the trademark department”, argue Andy Holdsworth, associate partner, crisis and litigation, and Stuart Leach, managing director, geopolitical, crisis and litigation, at London-based Bell Pottinger. Special consideration should be given to a response not being seen as too pro or anti-Trump (or of any one political position). As Simon Miller, Telefonica O2’s deputy head of public affairs, told Marketing Week: “I think it is important that brands are not put in a position where they are seen to be of a certain political hue or colour. We have 450 stores and employ 11,000 people in the UK across the full patchwork quilt of political colours and we need to have a dialogue with those audiences.” To put it in an American context, restaurant consultant Aaron Allen warns that “when you get into politics – whether you’re Republican or Democrat – you’ll end up alienating half of your customers”. However, despite this, brands also need to be prepared to take a risk – a route that those in the legal department will no doubt quiver at. As Stan Steinreich, president and CEO of Steinreich Communications, wrote last month, “corporate response needs to change” in this new age of a tweeting president, suggesting that “instead of employing balanced language” (or language carefully vetted by the legal team), companies “need to be more provocative”. He added: “No doubt this will go against the grain for corporate executives who fear it will add fuel to the fire. When the tweet says, ‘cancel the contract with Boeing’, an appropriate response would be, ‘Mr. President, we honour our agreements, but happy to work with you on a resolution’. When threatening a company who needs to move jobs out of the US, would that company be better to respond, ‘Talk, don’t balk. Mr President, happy to discuss ways we can stay’.” We may be entering a new era of US presidential communications. Ground was broken in the past with Calvin Coolidge delivering messages on the radio, John F Kennedy’s polished use of television, Ronald Reagan's mastery of analogue mass communication and Barack Obama’s embracement of digital campaigning. Now, Donald Trump is all set to be the first truly “social media president”. While many will welcome such unfiltered messages from the person in the top office, others fear the consequences – both intended and unintended – of such outbursts. For private companies that could face the ire of the new president (and are not used to being ‘called out’ by the commander-in-chief), it is time to evaluate response strategies – and the trademark department is in the perfect position to kickstart that effort. Channels Brand strategy Social networks Internet issues Brand value Brand Government/policy Comments Please log in or register to leave a comment. There are no comments on this article Share this article Search blog Keyword search Channel ------- Administration/management Appointments Assignment Brand Brand management Brand strategy Brand value Business strategy Cancellation Certification/collective marks Confusion Counterfeiting Court system Cybersquatting Design Dilution Domain names Enforcement Examination/opposition Fees Geographical indications/appellations of origin Governance Government/policy gTLDs Hyperlinks Infringement In-house issues International International procedures Internet issues IP offices IP outsourcing Jurisdiction Keywords Law firm news Licensing Mergers and acquisitions National National procedures Non-traditional marks Other issues Other transactions Ownership changes Parallel imports Passing off Policy Portfolio valuations Private practice issues Publicity Rebrand Registration Related rights Social networks Studies/research Supranational Taxation Team structure Trade dress Trademark portfolio management Typosquatting Unfair use User generated content Virtual worlds Jurisdiction ------------ Australia Brazil British Virgin Islands Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands China Croatia Denmark Dominican Republic EU France Gambia Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia International Iran Iraq Ireland Italy Japan Kenya Korea Kuwait Malaysia Mexico Myanmar Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Oman Panama Philippines Russia Singapore Slovakia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago UK USA Vietnam Archive ------- January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 <= June 2016 Related content When brands and politics collide ‘Alt-right’ using brand names as racist code words and companies are powerless to stop them Whether friend or foe, Trump lawyer vows “aggressive” approach to infringement Trademark implications of Brexit, Trump and Samsung Note 7 crisis feature in our most-read list of 2016 Racist rebrands, emoji enforcement and the IP links to terrorism: INTA 2016 day two report More from today's WTR Daily High Court issues useful guidance on trademark infringement and passing off in keyword advertising New Quebec signage regulations Popular blogs Swarovski praises Alibaba Group suing counterfeiters; JD.com takes swipe at rival’s “lax IP enforcement” Adult site “honoured” by YouTube Red association; opinion split on brand strategy USPTO reveals record level of trademark applications; all eyes on next Trump appointment First in-depth trademark data from Beijing IP Court reveals quarter of 2015 cases involved foreign parties Companies must shore up their social media defences in light of Donald Trump’s targeting of brands More from our authors Jack Ellis Lise Charles Tim Lince Trevor Little Register for more free content Read more World Trademark Review blogs and articles Receive the editor's weekly review by email Register now   About Advertise Contact Subscribe Faq Blog WTR 1000 Market intelligence Research International directory Weekly newsletter Terms & conditions Cookie policy Intellectual Asset Management IP Hall of Fame WTR Industry Awards Events IPBC © Copyright 2003-2017 Globe Business Media Group
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines January 14, 2017 | After Trump Meeting, Lockheed CEO Vows to ‘Significantly’ Cut F-35 Cost January 13, 2017 | Problems in Ship Programs Not Systemic: Admiral January 13, 2017 | Navy Acquisition Chief: Surge to 355 Ships ‘Easily Done’ January 12, 2017 | LCS Minehunting Package Near Completion January 11, 2017 | Navy to Trump Team: Fund Maintenance Before Buying New Ships Search for: Home Air General: Older Fighters Can’t Match F-35 TOPICS:Air ForceF-35F/A-18E/FJoint Strike FighterLockheed MartinSuper Hornet F-35C Lightning IIs and an F/A-18E/F Super Hornets fly over Naval Air Station Fallon's Range Training Complex on Sept. 3, 2015, in Nevada. (U.S. Navy photo/Darin Russell) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk January 5, 2017 Older fighter jets such as the F-16 and F/A-18 will never match the F-35, an Air Force general said. Brig. Gen. Scott Pleus, a former F-16 Fighting Falcon pilot who directs the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program’s integration office, said even upgraded versions of the fourth-generation fighters simply can’t compete against the newer aircraft’s stealth superiority. “You cannot take an airplane like an F-16 and really make it stealthy,” Pleus said in an interview with Military.com on Wednesday at the Pentagon. “The airplane is the shape of the airplane, the size is the size of the airplane,” he said. “The radar cross-section of an F-18 is the radar cross-section of an F-18 — you can’t change that,” he added. “Low observable technology, the ability to evade radar if you will, is something that has to be designed into the airplane from the very beginning.” Pleus’ comments came just weeks after President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter to criticize the F-35 program — the Pentagon’s biggest acquisition program estimated at nearly $400 billion for almost 2,500 aircraft. “Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!” he tweeted. As previously noted on this blog, the Boeing-made F/A-18E/F Super Hornet doesn’t offer the same level of stealth or sensor technology as the F-35 Lightning II, though the Chicago-based aerospace giant has argued that the capabilities of the twin-engine electronic attack variant EA-18G Growler eclipse the Joint Strike Fighter’s stealth advantage. And, of course, the Super Hornet is significantly cheaper. For military pilots, the statements by Pleus, the brigadier general, won’t come as a revelation. But Trump’s comments have spurred a debate on whether defense contractors can upgrade fourth-gen fighters to somehow operate like a fifth-gen fighter. RELATED: Mattis Backs F-35 Stealth Fighter Criticized by Trump Pleus, who has 153 flight hours in the F-35 and more than 2,000 in the F-16 — explained the closest they could get to making a fourth-gen fighter into a “4.5-gen” fighter is by adding some newer technologies, limited by the original mechanics of the aircraft, cooling and generator systems, among other issues. “What you can do is take a fourth-generation aircraft and put a very good radar in it — so it’s a piece of technology that the F-35 has, and so you’ve upgraded it.” Enhancing it, “more in the sensor itself,” can get a fighter like the F-16 — flying since the early 1980s — or F/A-18 a step closer to fifth-gen, “but you cannot add on stealth technology to an airplane.” Pleus detailed the advantages the F-35 brings to the table: rapid computer technology, radar-evading stealth and what he called survivability. “The idea is, the F-35 was developed to go into a highly contested area, both air-to-air threats and surface-to-air threats, drop its bombs, hit the targets it’s supposed to, and then come home — and that is the entire fifth-generation package,” he said. Flying a fourth-gen or fifth-gen, from a pilot’s perspective, is “not a big change,” he said. The cockpit of the F-35, however, has bumped up situational awareness capabilities of how pilots can see or detect friend or foe in the airspace or down below. In an F-16 for example, “If my radar doesn’t see it, then I don’t see it,” Pleus said. “In the F-35, if my radar sees it, or if my electronic warning system sees it … or my wingman’s radar sees it, or their wingman’s radar sees it, I see all of it.” Previous post Next post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles Pentagon: F-35 Operational Flights to Start in 2015 Air Force Moves to Make Weapons Cyber-Safe Welsh Dismisses F-35, A-10 CAS Contest as ‘Silly Exercise’ VIDEO: F-35Cs Launch from Carrier in Final Testing Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Posts After Trump Meeting, Lockheed CEO Vows to ‘Significantly’ Cut F-35 Cost Problems in Ship Programs Not Systemic: Admiral Navy Acquisition Chief: Surge to 355 Ships ‘Easily Done’ LCS Minehunting Package Near Completion Navy to Trump Team: Fund Maintenance Before Buying New Ships Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
null
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 5 January 2017 | MYT 9:15 AM Breakfast briefing: Thursday, January 5 MarketWrap: US shares ended higher on Wednesday even after minutes from the Federal Reserve's December meeting showed concerns that quicker economic growth under President-elect Donald Trump could require faster interest rate increases to ward off inflation. - Reuters The DJIA rose 0.3% to end at 19,942.16, the S&P 500 gained 0.57% to 2,270.75 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.88% to 5,477.01. Forex summary *The ringgit gained 0.18% to 4.4895 per US$ *It was 0.74% lower at 4.6771 per euro *Down 0.51% to 5.5442 per pound sterling *Down 0.49% to 3.1249 per Singapore dollar *0.26% lower to 3.2776 per Aussie *0.63% lower at 3.8599 per 100 yen   Energy Oil prices rose nearly 2% on Wednesday on expectations US crude inventories have dropped and on signs that the world's top oil exporters will stick to agreed output cuts that took effect this week. Global benchmark Brent crude futures rose 99 cents, or 1.8%, to settle at US$56.46 a barrel. - Reuters Top foreign stories Raffles Country Club to make way for HSR project: The Raffles Country Club site in Tuas will be acquired by the Government for the Singapore-Kuala Lumpur high-speed rail (HSR) and the new Cross Island Line’s western depot. The club said it will be required to hand over the 143 ha site to the Singapore Land Authority by July 31, 2018. - Singapore Straits Times/ANN Amazon, Forever 21 vying for bankrupt American Apparel: Online retailer Amazon.com Inc and teen apparel store chain Forever 21 Inc are among the companies weighing offers to acquire bankrupt American Apparel LLC, people familiar with the talks said on Wednesday. - Reuters Macy's, Kohl's slash 2016 profit forecasts citing weak holiday sales: Department store chains Macy's Inc and Kohl's Corp cut their profit forecasts for the year on Wednesday, after holiday season sales for both retailers fell more than expected, pushing shares in the retail sector down in extended trading. - Reuters Deutsche Bank to pay US$95m to end US tax fraud case: Deutsche Bank AG agreed to pay US$95 million to resolve a US government lawsuit accusing the German bank of tax fraud for using "insolvent" shell companies to hide significant tax liabilities from the Internal Revenue Service in 2000. - Reuters Apple confirms US$1b investment in SoftBank tech fund: Apple Inc confirmed on Wednesday its plans to invest US$1 billion in a tech fund being set up by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp. SoftBank has said it is investing at least US$25 billion in the fund and has been in talks with Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund for an investment that could be as much as US$45 billion. - Reuters Boeing wins US$8.8b in 737 MAX orders, still short of goal: Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had booked firm orders for 80 of its 737 MAX 8 aircraft, valued at US$8.8 billion at list prices, upping its 2016 tally but leaving it short of its goal. - Reuters Top local stories Highland Towers for sale: AmBank (M) Bhd has placed an “expression of interest” advertisement for 50 freehold vacant bungalow lots which are to be sold together with rights to 111 units of the 138 units in Highland Towers. About 15 acres of land are for sale for the second time in four years. - StarBiz Affin Hwang Investment Bank stake sale to Daiwa falls through: The sale of a minority stake in Affin Hwang Investment Bank Bhd by Affin Holdings Bhd to Daiwa Securities Group Inc has fallen through after the approval from Bank Negara lapsed. - StarBiz UMW-OG wins Petronas Carigali contract: UMW Oil & Gas Corp Bhd (UMW-OG) has procured a letter of award from Petronas Carigali Sdn Bhd for the provision of drilling rig services, whereby the company’s UMW NAGA 7 will be assigned for a period of 18 months. However, the company did not state the value of the contract. Arrest warrant for Yap over Transocean insider trading: The Securities Commision has obtained an arrest warrant for Yap Lee Lee, 46, said to be behind alleged insider trading involving shares of Transocean Holdings Bhd six years ago. - StarBiz Deutsche Bank downgrades AirAsia on high jet fuel prices: Deutsche Bank Research has downgraded low-cost carrier AirAsia Bhd to “sell” from “hold” in view of higher jet fuel prices, weaker ringgit and impact on passenger yields due to capacity growth from competitors. It has cut the budget airline’s 2018 earnings before interest and taxes forecast by 14%, or 28% below consensus. - StarBiz Gabungan AQRS wins RM361m job: Gabungan AQRS Bhd has accepted a letter of award worth RM360.98mil for the construction of the Pusat Pentadbiran Sultan Ahmad Shah building in Pahang. - StarBiz Panasonic Malaysia on track for RM1.6bil sales: Panasonic Management Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Panasonic Malaysia) is on track to achieve 5% higher sales of RM1.6bil for the financial year ending March 31, 2017, despite flattish consumer demand and weakening ringgit. - StarBiz Ex-BSI banker to appeal conviction: Yeo Jiawei, a former BSI SA banker found guilty of attempting to tamper with witnesses in a Singapore probe linked to 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB), will appeal his conviction and sentence, according to his lawyer. Yeo, 34, was sentenced on Dec 22 to a 30-month jail term. - Bloomberg RAM reaffirms Malaysia’s A2 global sovereign rating: RAM Rating Services Bhd has reaffirmed its global and Asean-scale sovereign ratings of A2/stable and AAA/stable for Malaysia. However, it noted that Malaysia’s ratings remained constrained by high government and household debt levels. - Edge FD Heineken brewing plans to sustain business: Amid the weaker domestic growth forecast and polit- ical uncertainties, Heineken Malaysia Bhd will be focusing on strengthening its iconic portfolio brands as well as further diversifying its product offerings, says group managing director Hans Essaadi. - Edge FD CIMB, Maybank still top in Bloomberg rankings: CIMB maintains its top position as the largest issuer of Asean local currency bonds in Bloomberg’s capital markets’ 2016 league tables, with 268 deals worth US$8.75 billion handled last year. Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank) climbed up two spots to second place, with 136 issuances worth US$5.03 billion. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read Travel fair targets expats who holiday locally Glamorous nights with nature Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Foreign funds net buyers in week ended Jan 13 Foreigners make comeback on Bursa Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable TDM demerger plan Better rates via online forex services US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Bo Bice & Popeye's, Publix and new rockets in AL.com business news Boeing CST-100.jpg NASA's decision this week to order four more rides from Boeing's space taxi, shown here in an artist's rendering, is good news for workers in Huntsville and Decatur. (Boeing) Print Email Lee Roop | lroop@al.com By Lee Roop | lroop@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 04, 2017 at 6:30 PM comments Here are the top stories in business on AL.com for Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017. Follow all of Alabama's business news here anytime.  NASA has given Boeing and SpaceX orders for four more crew flights each to the International Space Station. The Boeing announcement was good news for Alabama. Florence Square shopping center will be getting a $15.25 million facelift. The loan will fund "major capital improvements" for the shopping center along Cox Creek Parkway in Florence. A developer wants to bring a Publix-anchored shopping center to southwest Birmingham. The project is proposed to include a Publix as well as two other retail parcels off of Lakeshore Parkway and Shannon Wenonah Road in Oxmoor Valley. The Better Business Bureau has revoked the accreditation of MyPillow, lowering the Minnesota-based bedding manufacturer's ranking to an F. There are many reasons we might consider doing a retirement account rollover. But if done incorrectly, there can be huge negative financial implications. Bo Bice, the Alabama native who finished second on "American Idol," claimed on social media that Popeye's employees exhibited "racist behavior" toward him. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Technology * Digital Technology * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * Ipswich   Massachusetts   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 New Business Book Summary Available for The Network Imperative     The Network Imperative   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Technology • Digital Technology Industry: • Business Location: • Ipswich - Massachusetts - USIPSWICH, Mass. - Jan. 6, 2017 - PRLog -- Digital transformation is impacting every industry, and the performance gap between the early and late adopters of digital platforms and networks is widening. Considering this accelerating reality, organizations need to transform their business models to keep pace or they will fall prey to today's digital elite. In The Network Imperative, Barry Libert, Megan Beck, and Jerry Wind demonstrate how incumbent (non-digital, non-network, non-platform) organizations can grow and profit by shifting their capital (time and money) from tangible, physical, firm-based offerings to embracing intangible, digital, network-based business models. The authors provide 10 levers every organization can pull and a 5-step process to pivot toward greater growth and profits in today's hyperconnected world. The author believes that today's digital network businesses--best exemplified by Amazon, Alphabet (aka Google), Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft--deliver far greater growth, profits, and value than traditional, incumbent firms like Walmart, GE, GM, and Boeing. However, the best practices they have implemented in their firms are available to every organization. They include: 1. Recognizing the value of digital networks and platforms. Organizations that invest their resources in digital platforms and virtual network business models outpace the market by growing faster, scaling with lower marginal costs, and generating greater value. Leaders, partners, and customers of network organizations also benefit from the fulfilling, mutually rewarding relationships that successful network organizations create. 2. Developing digital strategies and platforms to create network effect. Network and platform organizations operate with a different mindset than traditional organizations. They see excess capacity and under-utilization (homes, friends, knowledge, and capabilities) where others see limited opportunity and full utilization. They focus on "access" versus assets. 3. Implementing customized network and platform business models. Business leaders can customize their growth and profits by identifying their current business models, evaluating all their assets (especially intangibles), envisioning their new digital business models, building the right team and board, and measuring the right metrics using today's machine learning and big data. 4. Becoming network leaders in every sector. Top-performing business leaders are adaptive. They invert their old beliefs, take in new ideas, and adjust their mental models to operate in new ways that focus less on what they have or do and more on what the network has, can do, and can offer. In addition, they are open to exploring new ventures and business models as market needs change. To learn more, please visit www.bizsum.com End Source : EBSCO Email : ***@ebsco.com Posted By : ***@ebsco.com Tags : Technology, Digital Technology Industry : Business Location : Ipswich - Massachusetts - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Page Updated Last on: Jan 06, 2017 Business Book Summaries PRs New Business Book Summary Available for The Leadership Campaign New Business Book Summary Available for Building a Culture of Innovation New Business Book Summary Available for The Elephant and the Dragon New Business Book Summary Available for Changing Your Company from the Inside Out New Business Book Summary Available for The Wisdom of Teams Trending News Death Doulas Fill Holes in Health and Death Care MD Tech Solutions & Collabware Join Forces To Launch New 'Collabware Portfolio Software' A Full Actor In Love with Brelby Opens in PETER AND THE STARCATCHER January 20th NEO International Film Festival in Canal Fulton, Ohio Tomorrow Fashion Week New York F/W 2017 'Opening Day' Top Daily News Ohler Bookkeeping Services in Columbus Ohio - 333 views Death Doulas Fill Holes in Health and Death Care - 195 views MD Tech Solutions & Collabware Join Forces To Launch New 'Collabware Portfolio Software' A Full - 154 views beYOUteous To Exhibit Handcrafted Jewelry at the 2017 CONTINUUM West Palm Beach Arts - 152 views Folk Rocker CHRISTOPHER BEGGARS Releases Highly Anticipated EP - 126 views Top Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Announces El Salto United FC as Arizona Expansion Team - 1347 views Greg T. Walker (Blackfoot, Lynyrd Syknyrd) To Debut New Band, Two Wolf, At Legends Of Rock Cruise V - 1173 views United Premier Soccer League Announces FC Sacramento as Northern California Expansion Team - 656 views Graeme Strachan Named CEO of Breo Solutions - 606 views Genentech Corporate Counsel Jennifer Matthews Joins Trucker Huss - 453 views Top Daily News Ohler Bookkeeping Services in Columbus Ohio - 333 views Death Doulas Fill Holes in Health and Death Care - 195 views MD Tech Solutions & Collabware Join Forces To Launch New 'Collabware Portfolio Software' A Full - 154 views beYOUteous To Exhibit Handcrafted Jewelry at the 2017 CONTINUUM West Palm Beach Arts - 152 views Folk Rocker CHRISTOPHER BEGGARS Releases Highly Anticipated EP - 126 views Top Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Announces El Salto United FC as Arizona Expansion Team - 1347 views Greg T. Walker (Blackfoot, Lynyrd Syknyrd) To Debut New Band, Two Wolf, At Legends Of Rock Cruise V - 1173 views United Premier Soccer League Announces FC Sacramento as Northern California Expansion Team - 656 views Graeme Strachan Named CEO of Breo Solutions - 606 views Genentech Corporate Counsel Jennifer Matthews Joins Trucker Huss - 453 views PTC News Three Stunning New Communities Coming Soon to Lennar's Central Park West - 413 views Live Like a Model at Rancho Bella Vista - 318 views Lennar Grand Opens The Monarch Collection at Provenance on Saturday, January 21 - 287 views Lennar Offers Various Communities in Vineyard Creek - 261 views 'Stranger Things' Star Millie Bobby Brown To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, Philadelphia - 190 views Jan 06, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
null
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Engine drops from B-52 bomber in rural North Dakota National Affairs The Associated Press · Minot, N.D. · Jan 6, 2017 The military believes an engine that dropped from a B-52 bomber during a training mission this week in rural North Dakota suffered a "catastrophic failure," disintegrated and fell into a river, Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said. An in-flight emergency was declared Wednesday and the crew landed the plane safely, according to Minot Air Force Base. No injuries were reported on the ground or among the plane's five crew members. No weapons were on board, according to the military. A B-52 has eight engines, according to Boeing, the plane's manufacturer. The Air Force said the engine fell in a remote area about 25 miles northeast of the base that's near Minot, a city about 110 miles north of Bismarck. "They do believe at this point that it was really a catastrophic failure of that one engine," James told the Minot Daily News. "Another way of putting that is it disintegrated and then fell out of the aircraft upon disintegration. "They think it's at the bottom of a river, so recovery of that is something we would like to do because that helps in understanding what happened," she said. Dom Christianson, who lives in Upham, told KXMC-TV that he saw several military helicopters flying over the J. Clark Salyer National Wildlife Refuge northeast of Minot. The Souris River runs through the refuge. "Average day until about noon, when we had helicopters flying over town and flying really low out across the refuge out here," he said. "It went on for about four hours." Base spokesperson Maj. Jamie Humphries told The Associated Press on Friday that a military team is surveying the area but is hampered by large amounts of snow. Former National Transportation Safety Board chair and retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Mark Rosenker told KFGO-AM radio that the incident is "absolutely extraordinary." James said there is "zero indication" the engine incident is a widespread problem within the B-52 fleet. "There's no evidence of that. It appears this was a one-off situation, but again I want to emphasize it just happened and it will be fully investigated," James said. The investigation is expected to take months, Air Force officials said. In the meantime, there are no restrictions on the roughly two dozen other bombers at the base, Humphries said. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Wisconsin tribe wants pipeline moved 1 week ago Next Police: 5 dead in shooting at airport 1 week ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
null
Search My Account Help Log In Search Close More Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist Growth Stock Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society InvestingDaily.com Homepage Free Reports Investing Topics Investing Experts Account Information My Account Manage all your subscriptions, update your address, email preferences and change your password. Help Center Get answers to common service questions, ask the analyst or contact our customer service department. My Stock Talk Profile Update your stock talk name and/or picture. Close Home Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist Growth Stock Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society Free E-Letters The Energy Letter Income without Borders Mind Over Markets Stocks to Watch Investing Topics Pacific Basin Economy Canadian Income Stocks Commodities Stocks Dividend Investing DRIP Investing Center Emerging Markets ETF Investing Growth Stocks Energy Stocks Alternative Energy Stocks Coal Stocks Natural Gas Stocks Oil Investing Uranium Stocks Utility Stocks Inflation Protection Investing in Bonds Master Limited Partnerships Mutual Funds Personal Finances Retirement Investing Stock Market Investing Stocks to Watch Value Investing Investing Experts Ari Charney Benjamin Shepherd Martin Hutchinson Igor Greenwald Jim Fink Jim Pearce Khoa Nguyen Robert Rapier Free Reports Trump’s Itchy Twitter Trigger Finger By Ari Charney on January 6, 2017 Just login with your email address to instantly generate a PDF of this content. Privacy Policy The market has been positively ebullient since Donald Trump’s unexpected election victory. Though much remains to be seen, investors have been giddy about the prospect of corporate tax cuts, a regulatory rollback, and a presumably more business friendly executive branch. Of course, as with any new presidential administration, there are significant caveats. And for a politician as unconventional as Donald Trump, there are probably more caveats than usual. Even if Trump and the Republican Congress deliver on these goodies, there’s still the ever-present risk of the president-elect’s itchy Twitter trigger finger. And it’s possible that could curtail some of the appetite for risk among corporate America’s leading executives. Such animal spirits have been sorely lacking since the downturn, and a return to risk-taking (and business investment) is necessary to kick off the next growth cycle. However, Trump’s very unpredictability could end up keeping the atmosphere of uncertainty alive for businesses, perhaps limiting the effect of certain growth-oriented policies. After all, CEOs never know when a populist president might single out their company for a social-media thrashing, and whether they’ll have to reallocate their firm’s resources accordingly. Trump has previously put Boeing, Carrier, Ford, General Motors, and Toyota in the spotlight, among others. And he has even won apparent concessions from some of these companies, thus putting the presidential bully pulpit to effective use before even taking the oath of office. In the Crosshairs A couple of Utility Forecaster’s favorite cable and telecom companies have also faced unwelcome attention from the president-elect. Perhaps chafing at the media pile-on during the final weeks of the election, Trump declared that he would oppose AT&T Inc.’s (NYSE: T) $85.4 billion mega-merger with Time Warner Inc. (NYSE: TWX), which owns CNN in addition to other plum media assets. Speaking about the deal during a campaign rally, Trump said his administration would not approve the merger “because it’s too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” The would-be trust buster then vowed to find a way to separate Comcast Corp. (NSDQ: CMCSA) from NBCUniversal, a merger that was consummated several years ago. While some observers speculated that these remarks were probably just campaign-trail bluster, Bloomberg reported on Thursday that one Trump confidant claims the president-elect remains opposed to AT&T’s deal, as does Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon. Of course, as we’ve seen with previous speculation surrounding Trump’s positions, third-party accounts of his actual thinking on a matter aren’t worth all that much. Even so, the news sparked a modest selloff among cable, media, and telecom companies. Shares of Time Warner currently trade at an 11.7% discount to the deal price of $107.50 per share. The stock’s narrowest discount on a closing basis was 10% and occurred earlier this week. Although shares of AT&T are down about 3.9% from their high earlier this week, they’re still up 12.6% from their post-election low.   Meanwhile, AT&T has already found a way to possibly sidestep the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), the quasi-independent federal agency that wields the most power when reviewing such deals. The companies believe that the merger will not require any of Time Warner’s FCC licenses to be transferred to AT&T in order to conduct normal operations. The media giant could also divest such licenses prior to the deal’s close, a move that would require the FCC’s review, but one that would theoretically be separate from any consideration regarding the merger. Though both the U.S. Dept. of Justice (DOJ) and the FCC exercise oversight on such deals, the FCC is the entity that would hold the proverbial (and actual) trump card. That’s because the DOJ’s review is limited to anti-trust concerns, and the agency is unlikely to reject a deal between two entities that operate in different industries. The FCC, however, has far broader latitude when reviewing such deals and has blocked similar tie-ups in the past. So if the merger can avoid FCC scrutiny on a technicality, then it would save both companies a lot of potential heartache. As for Trump’s own attitude toward the deal? We don’t need to rely on anonymously sourced articles. We expect the freewheeling president-elect will offer his latest take soon enough via Twitter. Stock Talk — Post a comment Comment Guidelines Our Stock Talk section is reserved for productive dialogue pertaining to the content and portfolio recommendations of this service. We reserve the right to remove any comments we feel do not benefit other readers. If you have a general investment comment not related to this article, please post to our Stock Talk page. If you have a personal question about your subscription or need technical help, please contact our customer service team. And if you have any success stories to share with our analysts, they’re always happy to hear them. Note that we may use your kind words in our promotional materials. Thank you. You must be logged in to post to Stock Talk OR create an account. Create a new Investing Daily account Use Social Connect   - OR - Email Address Display Name Appears on all of your comments Password Confirm Password   * Investing Daily will use any information you provide in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Your email address is used for account verification and will remain private. 29 Stocks to Sell Now! If you own just one of these companies, your portfolio is at risk today. Inside you’ll get their names and ticker symbols, along with a free subscription to daily investing guidance from our award winning analyst team. Get The Report Now About the Analyst Ari Charney Analyst Bio | Archives Ari Charney is the chief investment strategist for Utility Forecaster, an analyst for Canadian Edge, and managing editor of Jim Fink’s Options for Income. He is also an associate editor of Personal Finance.  Prior to joining Investing Daily, Ari took an unlikely path toward dispensing investment advice. Shortly after graduating with a bachelor’s degree in political science from New York University, Ari sampled some of Wall Street’s best-known brokerages and investment banks for several months as a temporary associate. His favorite memory was being paid an absurdly high hourly wage to point and yell at the bond salesmen on the legendary Bear Stearns trading floor when they had incoming phone calls. Thereafter, Ari spent a substantial portion of his career at financial industry rating services. First, he pored over spreadsheets for the corporate accounting department at Moody’s Investors Service. Later, he analyzed investment newsletters for nearly eight years at The Hulbert Financial Digest (HFD). While working for the HFD, Ari discovered his passion for helping self-directed investors select the right investment newsletter. Since joining Investing Daily, he’s extended that passion further by guiding investors toward the right securities for their portfolios. In addition to writing about investment newsletters for the HFD and MarketWatch, Ari has also written about food, music, comics and culture for publications ranging from Mass Appeal to Punk Planet. In his free time, he and his wife tote their son along on their ethnic dining adventures in pursuit of the fabled Bosnian burger and the Thai restaurant with the secret Laotian menu. show more Market Overview Free E-letters We offer a variety of FREE analysis delivered weekly to your inbox. Select the E-letters you wish to receive and enter your email below. Mind Over Markets (info) Your guide to understanding and profiting from the major trends, industry news and worldwide events that are driving the market and impacting your investments. Income Without Borders (info) Want to know about the high-yield global income stock I found this week? Of course you do! Find the income you've been looking for. The Energy Letter (info) Energy profits from safe to speculative: start your wealth-building portfolio now. Sign Up for these FREE E-Letters Free Reports 7 High Yield Stocks that Pay Dividends High Yields and Low Taxes: The Best Master Limited Partnerships to Own Now Best Undervalued Stocks to Buy Now Top 3 High Yield REITs Top Growth Stocks to Own Now Home | Events | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions About Us | White List | Contact Us | Media Inquiries Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security. Copyright © 2017 Investing Daily, a division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Mobile-Friendly Site
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Qatar Airways plans major expansion of Americas cargo network Doha airline says it will launch freighter operations to four new destinations in the Americas, starting in February Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 6 January 2017 1:43 AM Qatar Airways Cargo has announced that it will launch freighter operations to four new destinations in the Americas, starting in February. Boeing 777 freighters will fly twice a week to the South American cities of Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo, Quito and the North American city of Miami, the airline said in a statement. The twice weekly freighter service will depart from Doha via Luxembourg, the cargo carrier’s European hub, with stops at Sao Paulo in Brazil, Buenos Aires in Argentina and Quito in Ecuador. On the return leg, the freighter will stop in Miami, Florida and Luxembourg before arriving in Doha. The airline said the new freighter services aim to meet the growing demand for import and export trade in the region and will supplement the belly-hold cargo capacity on Qatar Airways daily flights to Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires and Miami. Ulrich Ogiermann, Qatar Airways chief officer cargo, said: “We are excited to start 2017 with the launch of four new freighter destinations. These new destinations will connect the burgeoning import and export markets in the Americas region with the rest of the world.” The launch brings the cargo carrier’s total freighter destinations in the Americas to 12 while offering belly-hold services to 13 cities on the continent. Major commodities out of Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires and Quito comprise of fresh flowers, perishables and pharmaceuticals, while imports into South America include medicines, automotive, chemical products to high tech commodities and equipment for the oil and gas industry. Miami in the United States will serve as the distribution hub of these air freight to and from the Latin American and Caribbean regions. The world’s third largest cargo carrier recently took delivery of its 11th Boeing 777 freighter, taking the total count of freighters in operation to 20. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories Qatar Airways Cargo launches new dedicated US, Canada routes Qatar Airways Group posts annual net profit of $439m Qatar Airways Cargo sees 37% jump in 2015 freight tonnage Middle East air cargo demand growth slumps to 7-year low Galleries Qatar Airways unveils new Airbus A350 Companies Qatar Airways Cargo Also in Transport US airlines have discussed Gulf carriers with Trump team, says Delta CEO Germany-bound Eurowings flight lands in Kuwait following bomb scare Also in Qatar Qatar National Bank seeks growth in Southeast Asia after Q4 profit rises Qatar inflation rate falls to 2016 low in December Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Qatar Airways Cargo Get E-Mail Alerts Transport Get E-Mail Alerts Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: Gaza electricity crisis In pictures: Hankook 24 Hours Dubai Race at Dubai Autodrome In pictures: HH President of the UAE Polo Cup 2017 at the Ghantoot Racing & Polo Club in Abu Dhabi In pictures: Dubai World Cup Carnival second meeting at Meydan In pictures: Emirates Hockey League at Dubai Ice Rink Five business (survival) tips for the modern-day entrepreneur Dubai named as world’s fourth most 'hashtagged' city on Instagram In pictures: Migrants struggle in Europe's freezing temperatures In pictures: Dinner in the Dubai sky preview In pictures: iPhone's 10th birthday 5 Hermes bags you’ll want to get your hands on this spring-summer In pictures: National Horse Jumping Championships in Yemen capital Sanaa In pictures: Daily life in the capital Damascus In pictures: 2017 North American International Auto Show features latest car models In pictures: First anniversary of the British iconic musician's David Bowie death Arab designers take over 2017 Golden Globes red carpet Video: Egyptians seek ancient cures amid medicine crisis Video: Violent gangs threaten refugees in Greece Video: Apple planning to develop original TV, movie content - report Video: Why Twitter should kick Donald Trump off This US$21,500 wristwatch is made out of Swiss cheese Video: La La Land leads the way at this year's BAFTA nominations Video: Smoking deaths to rise a third by 2030 - WHO Video: Snapchat picks London despite Brexit Video: FIFA to expand World Cup to 48 teams in 2026 The James Bond of Philanthropy: Charles 'Chuck' Feeney Video: VW faces new legal headaches in US, UK Video: World Cup - How would FIFA's 48-team plan work? Video: Refugees in Serbia face bitter cold Video: 10 years of Apple's iPhone Video: Iran's former president Hashemi Rafsanjani dies at 82 Video: Brake problems force Volkswagen to recall 136,000 cars Features & Analysis After all the hype, what's the future for Hyperloop One Los Angeles-based Hyperloop One may have struck a deal this month... 1 Focus: Gulf airlines face looming growth threat from 'protectionist' Trump government Election of Donald Trump, one-time owner of now-defunct East... 4 Smart move: Automated transport in the Gulf In a few short years how we get from A to B will be dramatically... 1 Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. UAE economy to grow 3% in 2017, says Al Mansouri 2. Emirates launches paid-for access to business, first class lounges at DXB 3. UAE ranked as GCC's 'most powerful' passport 4. Dubai's first robot pharmacy to start services on Sunday 5. AccorHotels to bring Mama Shelter, Jo&Joe brands to Dubai 1. Dubai’s top social influencers on Instagram 2. Revealed: Arabian Business Achievement Awards Kuwait 2016 3. Five business (survival) tips for the modern-day entrepreneur 4. The most stylish Arab women 1. Building the UAE's highest road 2. Review: Lincoln MKZ 2017 1. Qatar Airways boss says fuel surcharges back on agenda 2. Alabbar says Noon to focus on fashion to drive $70bn sales target 3. Saudi Arabia's religious authority says cinemas, song concerts harmful 4. UN body hails UAE's initiative to fight hunger, end food waste 5. Abu Dhabi plans to set up specialised court to deal with tourists Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 2 Qatar Airways boss says fuel surcharges back on agenda They never went away Mr. Al Baker. I've flown QR dozens of times in the past year and had to pay a Fuel Surcharge (YQAC) every single time. Was I not supposed... more Sunday, 15 January 2017 12:57 PM - Jose De Souza 2 Alabbar says Noon to focus on fashion to drive $70bn sales target Some sort of beautiful irony that MA is leading the charge in the online retail space in direct competition to many of the operators whom pay very high... more Sunday, 15 January 2017 12:57 PM - Victory Red 1 UN body hails UAE's initiative to fight hunger, end food waste this is a great initiative, complementing FAO's efforts to reduce Food Loss and Food Waste. The right awareness can do wonders. more Sunday, 15 January 2017 8:51 AM - Issam Azouri Read all user comments » 12 Talent acquisition to be key focus for MidEast firms in 2017 In many professional organizations, workload analysis is one of the most closely monitored metrics. There is nothing nebulous about workload analysis and... more Wednesday, 11 January 2017 1:10 PM - Srinivas R 12 Ronaldo Mouchawar: How I created Souq.com ALL That Glistens is not GOLD.. All looks great on the site, and as regular customer who has bought most major electrical items from them. I have... more Tuesday, 10 January 2017 9:10 AM - Expat UK 4 Kuwaiti MPs call for the deportation of 100,000 expats annually Until Kuwaiti citizens are prepared to get out there with a shovel to dig a few holes or a mop to clean a few houses, guess what? You're never going to... more Wednesday, 11 January 2017 8:44 AM - Doug Read all user comments » 23 Dubai most popular spot for Brits spending Christmas abroad I can't believe no-one has noticed the names of the travel company and its MD in the context of the survey. Southall is the district of London with perhaps... more Thursday, 22 December 2016 8:31 AM - Lord Wonko 12 Talent acquisition to be key focus for MidEast firms in 2017 In many professional organizations, workload analysis is one of the most closely monitored metrics. There is nothing nebulous about workload analysis and... more Wednesday, 11 January 2017 1:10 PM - Srinivas R 12 Ronaldo Mouchawar: How I created Souq.com ALL That Glistens is not GOLD.. All looks great on the site, and as regular customer who has bought most major electrical items from them. I have... more Tuesday, 10 January 2017 9:10 AM - Expat UK Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Publishing Group sites AhlanLive.com Anaemraa.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalProductionme.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards Indian CEO Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Drone engine maker to set up facility in Columbia Gorge FRIDAY, JAN. 6, 2017, 10:14 A.M. The Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – An Australian company that makes engines for aerial drones is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge, following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. Orbital, based in Perth, signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu, a major drone manufacturer, with a new unmanned aerial engine. The compnay plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in the Washington town of Bingen where Insitu is headquartered. Bingen is next to White Salmon, across the river from Hood River, Oregon. Orbital will initially bring about 15 jobs to the area, with more expected later. Orbital has been working with Insitu for four years on a new propulsion system for Insitu’s ScanEagle UAV, a long-endurance drone that features a sophisticated digital imaging system. It’s used extensively by the U.S military for surveillance in combat zones such as Afghanistan and Iraq. Published: Jan. 6, 2017, 10:14 a.m.  Tags: Bingen, Boeing, Columbia Gorge, drones, Insitu, Orbital Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Rocky Top recycling center opens its arms to debris from last week's 'hurricane' On election night, New Life Church embraced Colorado Springs' largest Hispanic congregation Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Barack Obama's tenure has covered eight Denver Broncos coaches Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs, creating 'eclectic' feel Lockheed Martin CEO tells Trump the cost of F-35 will be ‘significantly’ lower Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In this age of tweets and emojis, a love of language persists The Country Life: How a three-legged Colorado dog became the darling of a Montana college town Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV TV Review: A mad, mysterious pontiff presides over HBO's 'The Young Pope' Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Air Force grad Michael Lyons pursues hoops career in NBA D-League Pueblo West edges CSCS in battle of state champions Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Colorado Springs scholars, leaders say tensions high as MLK Jr.'s legacy is honored ahead of Trump's inauguration Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 7:44 PM 0 For millions of black Americans, Barack Obama's 2009 inauguration at the Lincoln Memorial spoke to the power of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream"... List: Martin Luther King Jr. celebrations around Colorado Springs Mason Crosby's long field goal sends Packers to NFC Championship Game, past Cowboys Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 7:16 PM 0 ARLINGTON, Texas - Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers are headed to the NFC championship game for the first time since the 2014 season after a thrilling finish in... Report: Broncos find replacement for Wade Phillips as defensive coordinator News: Local News Woodland Park residents warned about mountain lion and cubs under porches Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:58 PM 0 The Woodland Park Police Department warned the public on Sunday that a mountain lion and two cubs have been spotted under porches at homes in the area of... U.S. Olympic Museum asking Colorado Springs for $500,000 from tourism tax fund Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:23 PM 0 The U.S. Olympic Museum, facing a March 31 deadline to raise $8.8 million, has applied for... Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:43 PM 0 Downtown Colorado Springs' commercial real estate market always has its ups and downs, typically... Latest Local 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughing By: Chhun Sun - 3 min ago Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's hands By: Rachel riley and chhun sun The Gazette - Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation By: Tom Roeder - 3 hr ago Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills By: robert d. loevy Special to the Gazette - 4 hr ago Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expense By: Billie Stanton Anleu - Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Top Stories 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 85 By: The Associated Press - 21 min ago Neighborliness flows at Rock Cut Brewing in Estes Park By: Stephanie Earls - 53 min ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting By: Jim Connell, Springfield News-Leader - 2 hr ago Wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka has died, just days after murder charge dropped By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out By: Maeve McDermott, USA TODAY - 3 hr ago Trump team considers relocating White House media corps By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Priebus to Obama: ‘Step up’ and quiet Democrats who question Trump’s legitimacy By: Mike DeBonis, The Washington Post - 7 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 School Award Celebration Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA Funeral A storm to remember in Crested Butte AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball Opening Day of the 2017 Colorado Legislature A look back: Photos from Colorado Springs' history Reader-submitted photos: Colorado Springs wind damage Wind damage in the Colorado Springs area Ice Racing 2017 Golden Globes David Ramsey: Top 10 moments in Broncos history Mesa Ridge vs TCA Girls Basketball Salaries of Colorado elected officials Vista Ridge 61 - Lewis-Palmer 48 Snowy scenes at Garden of the Gods The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds A Look Back Notable Colorado Springs-area residents who died during 2016 Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 New Year's Eve celebrations around Colorado and the world ring in 2017 Air Force wins conference opener Noon Year's Eve Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 min ago 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughing Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's hands 3 hr ago Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex 3 hr ago Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation 3 hr ago Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs 4 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expense Most Read Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 'Significant' snowfall forecast to hit Colorado Springs on Sunday morning Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs Snow closing in on Colorado Springs 'could be significant' On election night, New Life Church embraced Colorado Springs' largest Hispanic congregation Body found south of downtown Colorado Springs considered suspicious death Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs, creating 'eclectic' feel Lockheed Martin CEO tells Trump the cost of F-35 will be ‘significantly’ lower Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out Four join elite rank of Air Force Academy permanent professors Sports 7 min ago New focus, experience has Monument-based figure skater Jason Brown focused on Winter Olympics Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Prep update: Emma List rounds out surging Discovery Canyon in girls' hoops 2 hr ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting Sun, Jan 15, 2017 What ice storm? Chiefs fans party on Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Samuelson, McPhee lead No. 13 Stanford women past Colorado 10 hr ago NBA D-League teammates embrace Air Force graduate Michael Lyons 10 hr ago Air Force star Michael Lyons pursuing hoop dream through NBA D-League Business 1 hr ago Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks 4 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 5 hr ago Google spinoff Waymo has built its own self-driving sensors 5 hr ago Five telling things we learned about the Nintendo Switch 5 hr ago Tech Q&A: How to get email from an upgraded Outlook.com 5 hr ago Tech review: a quality phone that's affordable 5 hr ago Why Google, Microsoft and Amazon love the sound of your voice Opinion 4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Only Trump can end Russia controversy 8 hr ago EDITORIAL: Black Americans take culture to higher ground Sun, Jan 15, 2017 State's mental health system must improve Sun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Opportunity to shed small town label Fri, Jan 13, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: New energy committee: Which way will Democrats go? Fri, Jan 13, 2017 EDITORIAL: Rep. Doug Lamborn takes on hateful painting in Congress Thu, Jan 12, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Betsy DeVos wrong for public education Around the Web 2 hr ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting Sun, Jan 15, 2017 What ice storm? Chiefs fans party on 3 hr ago Wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka has died, just days after murder charge dropped 3 hr ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out 6 hr ago Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat 10 hr ago High school runner shovels entire track lane after snowstorm just to avoid the treadmill 23 hr ago A new road will make getting to Stonehenge easier. It may also ruin Stonehenge. Latest Videos Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Poland Welcomes 3500 US Troops SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Pikes Peak region forecast Update on children hit while walking to school in Colorado Springs Officer involved shooting in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Colorado Politics: State of the State reaction Obama surprises Biden with Medal of Freedom Learn about the "Story of Us" in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Huge tree falls on top of a Colorado Springs teenager Sports Latest Sports New focus, experience has Monument-based figure skater Jason Brown focused on Winter Olympics7 min ago Prep update: Emma List rounds out surging Discovery Canyon in girls' hoopsSun, Jan 15, 2017 Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting2 hr ago What ice storm? Chiefs fans party onSun, Jan 15, 2017 Broncos New Broncos coach Vance Joseph was accused of sexual assault while a CU assistantYesterday Woody Paige: Barack Obama's tenure has covered eight Denver Broncos coachesYesterday Broncos hire Jeff Davidson to lead O-line's revivalYesterday Broncos land Mike McCoy as offensive coordinator, Bill Musgrave as QBs coachYesterday Photo Galleries St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball David Ramsey: Top 10 moments in Broncos history Mesa Ridge vs TCA Girls Basketball Vista Ridge 61 - Lewis-Palmer 48 The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 Air Force wins conference opener Air Force Wins Arizona Bowl Chiefs 33, Broncos 10 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Only Trump can end Russia controversy4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Black Americans take culture to higher ground8 hr ago EDITORIAL: Rep. Doug Lamborn takes on hateful painting in CongressFri, Jan 13, 2017 EDITORIAL: Governor backs off 'clean power' orderThu, Jan 12, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Bring on football and MMA; new salaries for commissionersWed, Jan 11, 2017 LETTERS: We can do better in Colorado Springs; near-death experience on I-25Tue, Jan 10, 2017 LETTERS: Utilities emissions questioned; scammed by big tobaccoMon, Jan 9, 2017 LETTERS: Grateful to anonymous Colorado Springs donor; article was police bashingSun, Jan 8, 2017 Columns State's mental health system must improveSun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Opportunity to shed small town labelSun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: New energy committee: Which way will Democrats go?Fri, Jan 13, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Betsy DeVos wrong for public educationThu, Jan 12, 2017 Local News Local News Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex3 hr ago Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's handsSun, Jan 15, 2017 Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation3 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills4 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs crews appeal for public's help cleaning up debris from Monday's galesYesterday Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expenseSun, Jan 15, 2017 Merrifield enthused by governor's call to hit (and map) the trailFri, Jan 13, 2017 Colorado Rep. Coffman sponsors bill to protect undocumented young peopleFri, Jan 13, 2017 Local Business Cybersecurity company Root9B sets deeper roots in Colorado SpringsFri, Jan 13, 2017 Over Easy, Salsa Brava adding locations in Colorado SpringsFri, Jan 13, 2017 Contract impasse unplugs KRDO-TV in Colorado Springs from DirecTVFri, Jan 13, 2017 Colorado Public Radio buying two Colorado Springs stationsThu, Jan 12, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 8521 min ago Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world1 hr ago Gambia president says country must wait for court decision1 hr ago Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence1 hr ago Military Air Force Academy cadets marching in inaugural parade must commit to the leftSun, Jan 15, 2017 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat4 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop4 hr ago Online shopping coming to more vets15 hr ago Blogs TV Talk - PBS launching a 24/7 channel for children5 hr ago Rapid Reaction: Omaha pulls away in third for win23 hr ago Rapid Reaction: Omaha keeps Colorado College winless at homeFri, Jan 13, 2017 Dana White offers Floyd Mayweather, Conor McGregor $25M each to fightFri, Jan 13, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs3 hr ago 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughing4 min ago Body found south of downtown Colorado Springs considered suspicious deathYesterday Pursuit ends in arrest after driver asks Colorado State Patrol troopers to shoot himYesterday National Crime New Broncos coach Vance Joseph was accused of sexual assault while a CU assistantYesterday Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car - it was hisYesterday Woman stolen at birth learns true identity; 'Momma' chargedYesterday Prosecutors dismissed his domestic violence charges - then, police say, he killed his wifeWed, Jan 11, 2017 Life Life Neighborliness flows at Rock Cut Brewing in Estes Park53 min ago The Country Life: How a three-legged Colorado dog became the darling of a Montana college town6 hr ago Love, faith and muffins: One woman's recipe for bringing America together15 hr ago Evangelist Franklin Graham prepares for role in Trump's inauguration15 hr ago Arts and Entertainment 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 8521 min ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out3 hr ago TV Talk - PBS launching a 24/7 channel for children5 hr ago TV Review: A mad, mysterious pontiff presides over HBO's 'The Young Pope'8 hr ago Religion In her own words: Coretta Scott King on faith, materialism and griefFri, Jan 13, 2017 Bishops asked to study how the Catholic Church responds to youth in crisisFri, Jan 13, 2017 President Obama designates historic civil rights sites including black churchesFri, Jan 13, 2017 Religious freedom advocates are divided over how to address LGBT rightsFri, Jan 13, 2017 National National Politics Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks1 hr ago Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart52 min ago In Trump, man elected by Americans is president they'll get1 hr ago At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut4 hr ago National Business Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks1 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop4 hr ago Repaired and ready: Venue where a young Dylan played reopens11 hr ago What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Moneyism Get email alerts Meet the craftspeople who make the Golden Globes By Kristiano Ang Published: Jan 9, 2017 10:03 a.m. ET Share Away from the spotlight of Hollywood, specialty manufacturers thrive Getty Images Christian Slater accepts a Golden Globe at the 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards. By KristianoAng The stuff that Hollywood dreams are made of come from a workshop in Oklahoma. It took six artisans and some very high-tech machines in a factory in Grove, Okla. to produce 100 statuettes for this weekend’s Golden Globes ceremony. Since 2009, the Golden Globes statuette has been produced by Society Awards, the New York trophy designer and manufacturer. While the company had originally manufactured at a workshop in its Long Island City headquarters, it recently shifted production to a five-acre facility in Grove after outgrowing its former space. Society Awards is the brainchild of David Moritz, an Oklahoma high school kid who fled to the bright lights of the big city to attend college in New York. A trained attorney, the 35-year-old Moritz, set up the company in 2007 after noticing a gap in the market for high-end trophy producers. Society Awards has also made trophies for the MTV VIA, +1.30%  Video Music Awards, the Clio Awards for advertising professionals and Boeing Co. BA, +0.34%   You can pick up a replica trophy on Amazon for as little as $4, but Mortiz puts the golden in the globes. He spent two years working with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the Golden Globes’ organizer, tweaking the statuette design. Its artisans are all college-educated, many with electronic engineering degrees. And he won’t disclose the unit price of each Golden Globe, but experts ballpark the cost at around $800 each. “You need to be happy to work with your hands but also have the education to use the software,” says Moritz, who moved production to Grove partly because there were more skilled laborers there. The Golden Globe statuettes are made of marble and zinc and covered in real gold. Society Awards won’t make unauthorized replicas, but for a trophy of similar quality, the company sources Eastern European marble, which is then hand cut and polished. The zinc metal globe on the statuette is run through an industrial die casting process typically reserved for engine parts. It is then hand finished and electroplated with gold. Industry sources say they can spend 12 to 20 man hours making trophies as intricate as the Golden Globe and Oscar statuettes. How credit scores predict what you will buy next(2:22) For decades, FICO has used big data and mathematical algorithms to calculate people's three-digit credit scores. Now it's using the same technology to predict whether a consumer's likely to buy a product in-store or click on a link online. Even after the trophies are shipped to California, Society Awards will see them again. When Jennifer Lawrence and Leonardo DiCaprio won their respective Golden Globes last year, the awards didn’t come with their names engraved. To personalize the 10.5 inch-high, roughly six pounds-heavy statuette, the owners had to temporarily return them to Society Awards. Society Awards, which makes approximately 100,000 trophies annually, is one of a few specialty manufacturers whose products line the glass cabinets of Hollywood royalty and big-shot executives. The Oscars are made by Polich Tallix Fine Art Foundry, a Rock Tavern, N.Y.-based studio that has worked with art world superstar Jasper Johns. Chicago manufacturer R.S. Owens, which now contracts for the Emmy Awards, crafted the Oscars from 1982 to 2015. Employees do occasionally get to brush up against Tinseltown royalty. While Moritz won’t be at the awards ceremony this Sunday, he has attended past Golden Globe events. “I hope everybody drinks a lot and has a good time, but I really want ‘Deadpool’ to win,” he says. More from MarketWatch President-Elect Donald Trump Press Conference Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential Johnny Depp Sues Business Managers Quote References VIA +0.55 +1.30% BA +0.54 +0.34% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Viacom Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: VIA $42.80 +0.55 (+1.30%) Volume 52890 Open $42.15 High $42.85 Low $41.95 P/E Ratio 11.82 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 15.6B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $158.83 +0.54 (+0.34%) Volume 2.4M Open $158.74 High $159.58 Low $158.34 P/E Ratio 24.18 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 98.0B LatestNews
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 23° Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Best of Mt.Ashland News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Breaking The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers 1 hr ago (…) Close 1 of 2 Kris Holland FILE - In this April 23, 2009, file photo, Insitu demo team specialist Brian Jones displays a drone aircraft in Bingen, Wash. Australian company Orbital, that makes engines for aerial drones, is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. Orbital signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu with a new unmanned aerial engine and plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in Bingen, where Insitu is headquartered. (Kris Holland/Yakima Herald-Republic via AP, File) Kris Holland FILE - In this April 23, 2009, file photo, unmanned aircraft systems wait to be assembled at the Insitu production facility in Bingen, Wash. Australian company Orbital, that makes engines for aerial drones, is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. Orbital signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu with a new unmanned aerial engine and plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in Bingen, where Insitu is headquartered. (Kris Holland/Yakima Herald-Republic via AP, File) AP Drone engine maker to set up facility in Columbia Gorge Jan 6, 2017 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Kris Holland FILE - In this April 23, 2009, file photo, Insitu demo team specialist Brian Jones displays a drone aircraft in Bingen, Wash. Australian company Orbital, that makes engines for aerial drones, is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. Orbital signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu with a new unmanned aerial engine and plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in Bingen, where Insitu is headquartered. (Kris Holland/Yakima Herald-Republic via AP, File) Kris Holland FILE - In this April 23, 2009, file photo, unmanned aircraft systems wait to be assembled at the Insitu production facility in Bingen, Wash. Australian company Orbital, that makes engines for aerial drones, is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. Orbital signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu with a new unmanned aerial engine and plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in Bingen, where Insitu is headquartered. (Kris Holland/Yakima Herald-Republic via AP, File) SEATTLE (AP) — An Australian company that makes engines for aerial drones is planning to set up a facility in the Columbia Gorge, following a $90 million agreement to supply engines for a Boeing subsidiary. The Seattle Times reports that Orbital, based in Perth, signed a three-year deal to supply Insitu, a major drone manufacturer, with a new unmanned aerial engine. Story continues below video × Orbital plans to move into an existing facility within six months, probably in the Washington town of Bingen where Insitu is headquartered. Orbital will initially bring about 15 jobs to the area, with more expected later. Orbital has been working with Insitu for four years on a new propulsion system for Insitu's ScanEagle UAV, a long-endurance drone that features a sophisticated digital imaging system. It's used extensively by the U.S military for surveillance in combat zones such as Afghanistan and Iraq. ___ Information from: The Seattle Times, http://www.seattletimes.com Tags General News Contracts And Orders Drone Aircraft Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Business Corporate News Locations Perth Washington Western Australia Australia Oceania United States North America Associated Press Sections Business Entertainment Health Technology World Oregon Politics Science AP Sports Strange National Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Sledding tragedy Remembering Dr. Van Dyke UPDATE: Dr. Stephanie Van Dyke has died Woman seriously injured in sledding accident High winds predicted for Klamath Basin Crater Lake National Park closed because of heavy snowfall Missing trio found alive at Crater Lake Van Dyke remains in critical condition Risk and Reward Couple returning home after Crater Lake rescue Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey How well was the snow removal by the city? Klamath Falls usually has to deal with two major snowstorms a year...this year was no different. How do you think the city handles the snow removal? You voted: Well done About average Poorly done No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet By Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. - JSW Cement to increase capacity to 3.4 MTPA at Bellary plant Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Jan 07, 2017, 01.55 PM | Source: PTI Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. The airline, which has been profitable for seven straight quarters after battling financial turbulence, is believed to be looking for around 100 aircraft. "Negotiations are going on for quite some time. We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year," a SpiceJet spokesperson said in a statement. However, he did not divulge details about the number or type of aircraft that are likely to be ordered. Currently, the airline has 47 aircraft in its fleet comprising 29 Boeing 737s and 18 Bombardier Q400s. In October 2016, SpiceJet Managing Director Ajay Singh had said the airline would not be rushed into a decision on placing order for new aircraft and emphasised that it has to be done at right price. "We are going to finalise in a month. It will be either Boeing or Airbus. We will not be rushed into a decision. It will not be mix of both. It has to be done at right price. So, we have to be very careful. We have closed many issues related to aircraft purchase. It could be more than 100 aircraft," he had said. Back in March 2014, SpiceJet had announced an order for 42 Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes under the then ownership of Marans -- who later sold their entire 58.46 percent stake in the airline to Singh in January 2015. For the 2016 July-September quarter, the airline had posted highest-ever quarterly profit of Rs 59 crore. In the year-ago period, the same stood at Rs 29 crore. Tags  growth prospects budget carrier SpiceJet Ajay Singh Boeing 737s Bombardier Q400s Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet Wire News Platinum Member 690 Followers News Now Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal endi... http://t.in.com/95p0 Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Stock market prediction for January 16-20: Satish Gupta Asia lower, Chinese markets down more than 1% in early trade DCB Bank Q3 net up 25 pc to Rs 51 crore Bull's Eye: Buy Divis Lab, Havells, JK Tyre, NOCIL; sell Titan Haryana power utilities giving digital payment a push Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre, diesel by Rs 1.03 a litre NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week South Korea still assessing whether to arrest Samsung chief Delivery of 2 A320neo planes to Air India delayed See all Video of the day India expensive at current levels; like durables, banks: CLSA Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Home Industry Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet Expect to place order for new planes this fiscal: SpiceJet Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. By: PTI | Published: January 6, 2017 10:44 PM Currently, the airline has 47 aircraft in its fleet comprising 29 Boeing 737s and 18 Bombardier Q400s. (Reuters) Bullish on growth prospects, budget carrier SpiceJet today said it expects to complete negotiations and place orders for new aircraft this fiscal ending March. The airline, which has been profitable for seven straight quarters after battling financial turbulence, is believed to be looking for around 100 aircraft. “Negotiations are going on for quite some time. We expect to complete these negotiations and place the order this financial year,” a SpiceJet spokesperson said in a statement. However, he did not divulge details about the number or type of aircraft that are likely to be ordered. Currently, the airline has 47 aircraft in its fleet comprising 29 Boeing 737s and 18 Bombardier Q400s. You May Also Want To Watch: In October 2016, SpiceJet Managing Director Ajay Singh had said the airline would not be rushed into a decision on placing order for new aircraft and emphasised that it has to be done at right price. “We are going to finalise in a month. It will be either Boeing or Airbus. We will not be rushed into a decision. It will not be mix of both. It has to be done at right price. So, we have to be very careful. We have closed many issues related to aircraft purchase. It could be more than 100 aircraft,” he had said. Back in March 2014, SpiceJet had announced an order for 42 Boeing 737 MAX 8 planes under the then ownership of Marans — who later sold their entire 58.46 per cent stake in the airline to Singh in January 2015. For the 2016 July-September quarter, the airline had posted highest-ever quarterly profit of Rs 59 crore. In the year-ago period, the same stood at Rs 29 crore. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Fire breaks out at Presidency University in Kolkata Kotak rates Cipla as 'Buy', says firm reaffirmed capabilities in respiratory space Insurance commission set to spike from April; get ready for greater attention from agents Panel recommends reservation for girl students in IITs BJP Central Election Committee holds meeting to finalise candidates Delhi beat UP in inconsequential Pro Wrestling League tie David Guetta performs in Delhi, Mumbai on same day Five youths try to enter AAP MLA Asim Ahmed Khan's house, one held Election Commission to decide fate of 'cycle' on Monday We needed to tell the opposition that we believe we can win: Virat Kohli State government should not encourage anti-national forces: Jitendra Singh  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business US wage growth accelerates but job creation slows as Donald Trump prepares for the presidency President-elect will inherit a solid economy Sho Chandra Friday 6 January 2017 16:18 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Workers construct the viewing stands ahead of Trump's inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington Reuters The US labour market turned in a solid performance at the end of 2016, putting job gains above 2 million for a sixth year as paychecks rose by the most during the current expansion. The 156,000 increase in December payrolls followed a 204,000 rise in November that was bigger than previously estimated, a Labour Department report showed Friday in Washington. The median forecast in a Bloomberg survey of economists called a 175,000 advance. The jobless rate ticked up to 4.7 per cent as the labour force grew, and wages rose 2.9 per cent from December 2015. Worker shortages may become more frequent in the coming year, which means employers could have to give out bigger wage hikes even as hiring cools. That would buoy consumer spending and underscore the case for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates several more times in 2017, as policy makers deem the situation at or close to full employment. Treasuries fell and the dollar strengthened following Friday’s report. Read more Donald Trump threatens Toyota over 'plan to build new plant' in Mexico “It’s a very strong job market overall,” said Scott Brown, Florida-based chief economist for Raymond James Financial Inc., who projected a 155,000 gain in payrolls. “There’s a further tightening in labour market conditions. Wage pressures are certainly building, and we should continue to see further upward pressure this year.” As the Fed looks for signs of faster inflation, wages are showing their fastest gains since the last recession ended. Average hourly earnings advanced by 2.9 per cent over the 12 months ended in December, the most since June 2009, following a 2.5 per cent boost the prior month. Compared with November, worker pay increased 0.4 per cent. “That’s a very decent report,” Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester told Fox Business Network in an interview after the report was released. “We’re basically at full employment.” The December results were helped by more hiring in healthcare and social assistance, whose gain of 63,300 workers was the most since October 2015. Factories added employees, along with leisure and hospitality businesses. Revisions to prior reports added a total of 19,000 jobs to payrolls in the previous two months. The latest payrolls tally brought the advance for 2016 to 2.16 million, after a gain of about 2.7 million in 2015. The streak of gains above 2 million is the longest since 1999, when Bill Clinton was president. December payroll estimates of economists surveyed by Bloomberg ranged from gains of 125,000 to 221,000. November was initially reported as a 178,000 increase. Read more Claim quitting EU could create 400,000 jobs 'entirely fictional' Zero hours contract staff earn £1,000 a year less Mexico's former president says they won’t pay for Trump’s border wall Trump admits US will fund wall... but claims Mexico will repay costs US Congress could still stop Donald Trump – but probably won't The unemployment rate, which is derived from a separate Labour Department survey of households, rose 0.1 percentage point as employment increased by 63,000. The jobless rate matched the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey. Also on Friday, the Labour Department released revisions dating back to 2012 for data from the household survey, including the unemployment rate. October’s rate was revised to 4.8 per cent from 4.9 per cent and September’s was lowered to 4.9 per cent from 5 per cent. Payroll figures from the survey of employers will be revised when the January data are released next month. Among the details of the December report, the participation rate, which shows the share of working-age people in the labour force, increased to 62.7 per cent, from 62.6 per cent. It has been hovering close to the lowest level in more than three decades. Private employment, which excludes government agencies, rose by 144,000 after a 198,000 increase the prior month. Government employment rose by 12,000. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty Factory payrolls gained by 17,000, after a 7,000 decline in the previous month. Compared with manufacturers, service providers including restaurants, business services and health-care providers are typically less exposed to headwinds such as the stronger dollar and overseas economies. Retailers increased payrolls by 6,300. Employment in leisure and hospitality rose by 24,000. Barclays  economists Rob Martin and Michael Gapen found the employment figures to be “somewhat softer than we had anticipated,” owing to “tepid” growth in services employment. They cited a slowdown in retail and business and professional services, and declines in temporary help and department stores. The average work week for all workers was unchanged at 34.3 hours. Some measures of labour-market slack showed improvement. Americans who are working part time though would rather have a full-time position, or the measure known as part time for economic reasons, fell to 5.6 million. The underemployment rate, which includes part-time workers who’d prefer a full-time position and people who want to work but have given up looking, dropped to 9.2 per cent from 9.3 per cent. At the Fed’s December meeting, where the central bank raised interest rates by a quarter per centage point, officials noted that the job market had improved appreciably over the past year and slack had declined. Most participants viewed the cumulative progress as “having brought labour market conditions to or close to those consistent with the Committee’s maximum-employment objective,” according to minutes of the session, released Wednesday. “We expect unemployment will keep falling and wage gains will continue to accelerate in the year ahead, putting pressure on the Fed to keep tightening,” Jim O’Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York, said in a note. The acceleration in worker pay may have, in part, reflected the unwinding of a calendar quirk that subdued the November tally. Because the 15th of the month fell within the employment survey week, increases in bi-monthly pay are more likely to have been captured. The slowdown in payroll gains in December may have resulted from weather effects, judging from data on the number of non-farm workers with a job who didn’t work because of bad weather, according to O’Sullivan. Bloomberg More about: US Economy jobs Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Engine Drops From B-52 Bomber in Rural North Dakota By The Associated Press MINOT, N.D.  Jan 6, 2017, 1:11 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email The military believes an engine that dropped from a B-52 bomber during a training mission this week in rural North Dakota suffered a "catastrophic failure," disintegrated and fell into a river, Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James said. An in-flight emergency was declared Wednesday and the crew landed the plane safely, according to Minot Air Force Base. No injuries were reported on the ground or among the plane's five crew members. No weapons were on board, according to the military. A B-52 has eight engines, according to Boeing, the plane's manufacturer. The Air Force said the engine fell in a remote area about 25 miles northeast of the base that's near Minot, a city about 110 miles north of Bismarck. "They do believe at this point that it was really a catastrophic failure of that one engine," James told the Minot Daily News. "Another way of putting that is it disintegrated and then fell out of the aircraft upon disintegration. "They think it's at the bottom of a river, so recovery of that is something we would like to do because that helps in understanding what happened," she said. Dom Christianson, who lives in Upham, told KXMC-TV that he saw several military helicopters flying over the J. Clark Salyer National Wildlife Refuge northeast of Minot. The Souris River runs through the refuge. "Average day until about noon, when we had helicopters flying over town and flying really low out across the refuge out here," he said. "It went on for about four hours." Base spokesman Maj. Jamie Humphries told The Associated Press on Friday that a military team is surveying the area but is hampered by large amounts of snow. Former National Transportation Safety Board chairman and retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Mark Rosenker told KFGO-AM radio that the incident is "absolutely extraordinary." James said there is "zero indication" the engine incident is a widespread problem within the B-52 fleet. "There's no evidence of that. It appears this was a one-off situation, but again I want to emphasize it just happened and it will be fully investigated," James said. The investigation is expected to take months, Air Force officials said. In the meantime, there are no restrictions on the roughly two dozen other bombers at the base, Humphries said. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Engine Drops From B-52 Bomber in Rural North Dakota " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " Trump Suggests CIA Director 'Leaker' Behind Unsubstantiated Report " Central US Ice Storm Falls Short of Dire Forecasts " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Our cookie policy has changed. Review our cookies policy for more details and to change your cookie preference. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More from The Economist The Economist digital editions Newsletters Events Jobs.Economist.com The Economist Store Timekeeper reading list My Subscription Subscribe to The Economist Activate my digital subscription Manage my subscription Renew Log in or register Subscribe Search this site: World politics Politics this week United States Britain Europe China Asia Americas Middle East & Africa International Business & finance All Business & finance Which MBA? Economics All Economics Economics A-Z Markets & data Indicators Science & technology All Science & technology Technology Quarterly Culture All Culture 1843 Magazine Style guide The Economist Quiz Blogs Latest updates Bagehot's notebook Buttonwood's notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Prospero The Economist explains Debate Economist debates Letters to the editor Multimedia Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist in audio Print edition Current issue Previous issues Special reports Politics this week Business this week Leaders KAL's cartoon Obituaries You have left the new version of The Economist website. Please let us know your thoughts. Leave feedbackReturn to beta website. Gulliver Business travel Previous Next Latest Gulliver All latest updates Little pascals Plastic planes will allow airlines to increase cabin pressure Jan 6th 2017, 15:19 by A.W. | WASHINGTON, DC Add this article to your reading list by clicking this button Tweet A FELLOW Gulliver, cheery chap that he is, kicked off the new year explaining why 2017 might be even worse for business travellers than the year we have just put behind us. The reasons are largely geopolitical: the fallout from Brexit, the uncertainty surrounding soon-to-be-President Donald Trump, the likely rise in oil prices, the Chinese economic slowdown and the threat of terror. But there’s one trend that could have a pleasant effect on travel, making flying more comfortable despite efforts by airlines to pack passengers in tighter and charge for the most basic amenities. No doubt you’ve beaten me to it: carbon-reinforced plastic composites. Much of the discomfort of flying—whether reclining in a private first-class suite or jammed into coach—comes from two factors: air pressure and humidity. At 35,000 feet, the air pressure outside an aeroplane is extremely low, so the cabin is pressurised to bring it to a level closer to what we experience on the ground. The trouble is that raising it all the way to sea-level pressure would put tremendous strain on the body of the plane, which would have to contend with the sharply contrasting PSIs on the inside and outside. And so most airliners maintain a cabin pressure equivalent to the one we experience at 8,000 feet above sea level. That is approximately the elevation in Bogota, Colombia or Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. As anyone who has visited the Andes or the east African highlands knows, spending time there is exhausting for those not accustomed to the thinner air. Your lungs and heart have to work harder to deliver oxygen to your body and brain. One reason that marathon winners tend to come from east African countries such as Ethiopia is that their hearts and lungs have grown stronger from training at that altitude. Flying is a considerably more sedentary activity, but as George Hobica explains on his Airfarewatchdog blog, altitude can also interfere with sleep and cause exhaustion while flying. This is where those carbon-reinforced plastic composites come in. The aluminum bodies of most existing planes would struggle to withstand the larger pressure differential that would come from bringing cabin pressure below the 8,000-foot level. But new aircraft are being built with these stronger composites. The Boeing 787 Dreamliner, for example, is constructed with such plastic and features a cabin pressure equivalent to 6,000 feet. A study conducted in coordination with Boeing found that while flying at 8,000 feet can cause a 4% decline in blood oxygen, flying at 6,000 feet is similar to being on the ground, in terms of the effects on passengers’ bodies. Now, on to humidity. Air passengers generate quite a bit of water vapour by exhaling and perspiring, but planes expel much of it in order to maintain a certain humidity level. The problem is that metal aeroplane frames corrode if there is too much humidity, so planes generally have a level that is optimal for them, not for passengers. That can lead to dry eyes and throats. Again, enter those carbon-reinforced plastic composites. As a Boeing representative told Hobica, “Carbon fibre doesn’t care if it gets wet.” Like the Boeing 787, the Airbus A350 features a composite plastic frame with a cabin pressurised to 6,000 feet. Both aircraft are in operation, but in limited numbers. However, as they become more common—according to the respective manufacturers there are currently 810 orders for the A350 and 1,210 for the 787—and as other models follow suit, cabins with more pleasant pressure and humidity levels will become the norm. Even planes with metal frames could adopt these changes: Boeing claims that the durable fuselage on its 777X, set to enter operation in 2019, will also be able to handle a lower cabin altitude. In other words, with each successive year, flyers’ likelihood of suffering fatigue, sleeplessness, scratchy throats and eyes, and the jet lag to which these symptoms contribute will diminish. Unfortunately, carbon-reinforced plastic composites can’t do much to shorten airport lines, restore complimentary bag check or raise the value of the pound.  Previous Flying solo together: Virtual-reality headsets on planes mean we can isolate ourselves from irritating cabin-mates Next The weigh forward: MasterCard could estimate passengers’ weight for airlines based on what they buy Tweet Submit to reddit View all comments (27)Add your comment Comment (27) Timekeeper reading list Reprints & permissions Print About Gulliver Our correspondents inform and entertain business travellers with news and views to help them make the most of life on the road Follow us on Twitter @EconBizTravel RSS feed Advertisement Doing business in Follow The Economist Facebook Twitter Linked in Google plus Tumblr Instagram YouTube RSS Newsletters Latest updates » Special no more: An end to wet foot, dry foot The Americas 3 hrs 2 mins ago The faith of Barack Obama: A president with a feel for the spiritual who... Erasmus January 15th, 15:15 Police force: Chicago’s police regularly use excessive force, says the... Democracy in America January 14th, 1:41 The Elbphilharmonie: A new concert hall is worth the wait, and the cost,... Books January 13th, 18:08 Daily chart: The curious case of high blood pressure around the world Graphic detail January 13th, 17:51 England’s National Health Service: No more money for the NHS, says... Britain January 13th, 17:46 Something nasty from the tail pipe: American regulators accuse Fiat... Business and finance January 13th, 17:31 More latest updates » Most commented 1Not magnanimous yetA breakdown of trust between Donald Trump and America’s spy chiefs 2Spying and politics in America: Trump bashes the spooks 3Curtain call: Barack Obama bows out reflecting on the fragility of democracy 4Learning and earning: Equipping people to stay ahead of technological change 5An assault on democracy: Intelligence report says Putin ordered a campaign to help Trump Advertisement Economist blogs Bagehot's notebook | British politics Buttonwood's notebook | Financial markets Democracy in America | American politics Erasmus | Religion and public policy Free exchange | Economics Game theory | Sports Graphic detail | Charts, maps and infographics Gulliver | Business travel Prospero | Books, arts and culture The Economist explains | Explaining the world, daily Products and events Test your EQ Take our weekly news quiz to stay on top of the headlines Want more from The Economist? Visit The Economist e-store and you’ll find a range of carefully selected products for business and pleasure, Economist books and diaries, and much more Advertisement Classified ads Contact us Help My account Subscribe Print edition Digital editions Events Jobs.Economist.com Timekeeper saved articles Sections United States Britain Europe China Asia Americas Middle East & Africa International Business & finance Economics Markets & data Science & technology Special reports Culture Multimedia library Debate and discussion The Economist debates Letters to the editor The Economist Quiz Blogs Bagehot's notebook Buttonwood's notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Prospero The Economist explains Research and insights Topics Economics A-Z Style guide The World in 2016 Which MBA? MBA Services The Economist GMAT Tutor The Economist GRE Tutor Executive Education Navigator Reprints and permissions The Economist Group » The Economist Intelligence Unit The Economist Intelligence Unit Store The Economist Corporate Network Ideas People Media 1843 Magazine Roll Call CQ EuroFinance The Economist Store Editorial Staff Modern Slavery Statement View complete site index » Contact us Help About us Advertise with us Careers Site index Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Accessibility Privacy policy Cookies info Terms of use
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business Robert Reich Government by 'Tweedict' Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Development has affected 7 percent of virgin forests since 2000: Study UC Davis: Protests shut down controversial speakers Why an HBCU marching band will perform at Trump's inauguration Who owns the moon? Competition heats up for Google's Lunar X Prize. The United States is supposed to be a government of laws, not of edicts. Yet Trump’s tweets are gaining power even though they aren’t legislation, argues public policy expert Robert Reich. By Robert Reich, Robertreich.org January 6, 2017 Save for later Saved In this Dec. 28, 2016 photo, President-elect Donald Trump listens to a question as he speaks to reporters at Mar-a-Lago, in Palm Beach, Fla. AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Trump’s tweets are a new form of governing by edict. They’re tweedicts. Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer says “Whatever he tweets, he is going to drive the news.” That’s the problem. In driving the news, Trump’s tweedicts gain the power of  implied threats – that he’ll, for example, sanction a particular company (Ford, General Motors, Carrier, or Boeing); unilaterally alter foreign policy (recognize Taiwan, encourage Israel to expand on the West Bank, not back NATO against Russian aggression); unleash his angry followers on a particular critic  (a local union leader in Michigan, a teenage girl in New Hampshire, a TV news host); cause customers or readers to boycott a media outlet (CNN, the Arizona Republican, Saturday Night Live, the cast of Hamilton); or impose high political costs on Republican members of Congress (for pursuing an investigation against Russia, gutting an ethics office). Recommended: How 17 famous tech companies got their names  They aren’t executive orders (which can be reviewed and overturned by courts). They aren’t even the statements of a president using his “bully pulpit” to make a general point, because they single out particular companies and people.  How 17 famous tech companies got their names Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend They are arbitrary and capricious, reflecting the daily whims of Donald Trump.  And he’s not even president yet.  The media argue that the thoughts of a president-elect are “inherently newsworthy.” Rubbish. They’re newsworthy only because they drive the news. And they drive the news only because they’re considered by the media to be newsworthy. That tautology can turn into a vicious cycle leading to tyranny.                                                                                                           The media should pay less attention what Trump is tweeting and more attention to what Trump is actually doing.  This story originally appeared on Robertreich.org. The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy-related bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger, click here. This post originally ran on www.robertreich.org. Next up How 17 famous tech companies got their names Are Trump tweets changing plans for US automakers' factories? To figure out his tweets, understand Trump What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker?   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the weekend Latest News White House news conferences out of the White House: more access or less press? Doing Good From a former sex slave to a climate poet: five unsung heroes of 2016 Movies 'Hidden Figures' is unoriginal but has an irresistible story Movies 'Toni Erdmann' is fitfully sharp and amusing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News UK productivity growth still well below pre-financial crisis levels British workers are far less efficient than their French and German counterparts and the problem isn't getting any better Ben Chapman Friday 6 January 2017 14:37 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Manufacturing has experienced a particularly marked decline in productivity growth Reuters UK productivity growth remained well below its pre-financial crisis levels in the three months following June’s Brexit vote, new official figures show. The amount each UK worker produces is falling further behind other advanced economies and the country has “a lot of catching up to do”, economists said Productivity growth is crucial to raising living standards and has been particularly weak since the 2008-9 recession. The figure rose by an annualised rate of 0.4 per cent in the three months to September 2016 – far below its average of 2.1 per cent for the decade before 2008. The malaise is particularly acute in manufacturing which had been growing at 4.3 per cent a year, but is now at just 0.8 per cent. Read more Industrial production falls at fastest pace in four years The Office for National Statistics said British workers are producing 15.5 per cent less than they would have been if productivity growth had returned to its pre-crisis trend. Andy Haldane, the Bank of England’s chief economist, said on Thursday that more than three quarters of firms are not becoming any more productive at all. Raising productivity is vital as the UK enters an uncertain economic future amid Brexit negotiations, according to Howard Archer, chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight. The UK lags behind most other advanced economies on this measure and has “a lot of catching up to do”, he said. “Part of the UK’s recent poor labour productivity performance has been due to the fact that employment held up well during the downturn and then picked up markedly,” he explained. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty “Low wage growth increased the attractiveness of employment for companies. This meant that it was easier for companies to hold on to workers even when they did not really need them in order to retain their experience and knowledge. “A major risk now is that prolonged uncertainty and concerns over the UK’s economic outlook ends up weighing down markedly on business investment and damages productivity. This could be compounded if foreign companies reduce their investment in the UK and this dilutes any beneficial spill-over of skills and knowledge.” In November’s Autumn statement, Philip Hammond pledged to spend £23bn tackling the problem. Explanations for weak productivity vary. Highly productive sectors such as financial services and oil and gas contracted after the financial crisis and there has been rapid growth in low-skilled, low-paid jobs. Low public infrastructure investment and a patchy education system that has produced weak results for poorer and less able pupils have also been blamed. Future restrictions on migration and an increased regulatory burden when trading with Europe as a non-EU nation are both predicted to damage productivity growth. “As we leave the EU, the country needs to work harder than ever to demonstrate our doors remain open to the world,” said Yael Selfin, an economist at accountants KPMG. More about: Productivity UK Economy Brexit Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 1/6/2017 8:50 AM Mondelez, one of Trump's corporate punching bags, slips back into obscurity Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close AP FILE PHOTODeerfield-based Mondelez International, the maker of the Oreo cookie and the subject of President-elect Donald Trump's attack against U.S. companies sending jobs across borders, has not seen the same volatility that other companies in Trump's cross hair, like Ford and Boeing, have seen.   By Craig Giammona Washington Post Bloomberg Hey, what about the Oreo? During the campaign, Deerfield-based Mondelez International Inc., the owner of the iconic cookie brand, was one of the companies that President-elect Donald Trump railed against for sending jobs overseas, alongside the likes of Ford, Carrier and Boeing. But while those other three have already had postelection run-ins with Trump in one fashion or another -- triggering wild stock gyrations and corporate pledges to rework investment plans -- Mondelez curiously has not. Given the president-elect's current tweeting pace, it feels like it's just a matter of time before the company comes back under scrutiny. Mondelez wasn't interested in discussing its game plan for when that moment comes, but experts said it undoubtedly has scrambled to prepare a rapid-fire response. "The last thing they want to do is have a brand out there being attacked," said Richard Frisch, a crisis-communications consultant. "There's no question they have a crisis plan in place." The stakes are high. Last month, when Trump wrote on Twitter that the costs of the F-35 program were "out of control," shares of defense manufacturer Lockheed Martin Corp. tanked, wiping out almost $2 billion in market share. "We've never had a president-elect who could move stocks at will," said Richard Levick, founder of the communications firm that bears his name. "A Trump tweet rates among the top risks of the year." When a company makes nice, on the other hand, it can be rewarded. Ford's stock rose nearly 4 percent after it announced it was canceling a $1.6 billion Mexican expansion. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, didn't respond to a request for comment. Mondelez first drew Trump's ire back in August 2015, when he claimed that the company was eliminating 1,200 jobs in the U.S. as it moved Oreo production to Mexico. "I'll never eat them again," Trump vowed. His assertion wasn't quite true. The global snack giant had decided to invest $130 million in an existing plant to south of the border to upgrade cookie and cracker production, rather than putting the money into a factory in Chicago. The move eliminated 600 positions, though Oreos are still produced at three domestic facilities. Democratic candidates Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton soon jumped on, too, and The Late Show's Stephen Colbert mocked Trump's vow not to eat Oreos by shoveling them into his mouth one night. But the controversy eventually faded into the background. Mondelez said it has invested about $450 million in U.S. manufacturing facilities since 2012, when the company split from Kraft Foods. "We continue to make investments where it makes sense and that includes the United States," said Laurie Guzzinati, a spokeswoman for the snack maker. She said the company hasn't heard from the incoming administration. Mondelez might be better positioned than, say, Boeing or Ford, to resist the pressure of a Trump tweet. It isn't a big government contractor -- making planes for the military, for instance -- and getting consumers to boycott a favorite snack is difficult. That could weaken Trump's ability to have a lasting negative impact on the $26.5 billion company, according to Frisch. Still, that may be little comfort. Large food companies tend to be conservative, perpetually seeking to stay away from controversy, particularly of the political variety. And in this unprecedented atmosphere, where the next squabble with the federal government is seemingly just a click away, Mondelez executives are hoping to avoid the glare of Trump's aggressive Twitter persona. "If you're Mondelez," said Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management, "the last thing you want is to be a target of Donald Trump." Tweet This article filed under: Business Manufacturing Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Here’s How Gold Fared Against Major Currencies In 2016 January 6, 2017 9:11am NYSE:GLD ShareTweet From GoldCore: Gold was the best performing currency in 2016, rising as it did in all major currencies. It again performed the function as a hedge against currency devaluation and this was seen particularly in sterling terms with gold rising 31.5% in British pounds after the Brexit shock. Gold in USD in 2016 Gold prices closed 2016 at USD 1,159.10, EUR 1,098.36 and GBP 942.58 per ounce. Gold prices closed 2015 at USD 1,062.25, EUR 974.32 and GBP 716.36 per ounce. (Gold AM fixes on December 30th 2016 and December 31st 2015 respectively) UK investors and savers who had an allocation to gold protected their wealth from the Brexit debacle and the sharp falls in sterling seen in its aftermath. Gold rose over £220 per ounce and acted as a classic safe haven for investors exposed to the pound, and markets and assets denominated in British pounds. Gold in GBP in 2016 The gains in euro terms were more modest but robust. The gains seen are likely due to the continuing massive ECB money printing and debt monetisation programme and heightened risk of contagion in the Eurozone. Brexit and the elections in France, Germany and Holland will support gold in euro terms in 2017 and there is the possibility of sharp gains in euro terms should the Eurozone debt crisis return. Gold in EUR in 2016 What drivers will gold respond to in 2017? Italian, Greek, Irish, Spanish and other banks and risk of bail-ins Dutch, German, French elections … Eurozone contagion Continuing ultra loose monetary policies by Fed, BOE, BOJ and especially ECB Trump policies and tweets … Geo-politics, cyber war & terrorism, conventional war & terrorism President Trump has already shown himself as a man who likes to tweet and knows the power of the short sound bite and the medium that is Twitter. His skill in this regard was one of the factors which helped him become President. However, this asset may become a liability for him and for markets when he becomes President. The art of diplomacy will become more important and 140 characters of unfiltered Trump is likely to create tensions with America’s largest trading partners such as China. This has been seen with China recently and his accusation that China “stole” the U.S. drone on Twitter. It has already impacted markets as seen when he tweeted about Boeing and Boeing shares fell sharply. Should he continue in this vein, it could lead to jitters in markets and a safe haven bid for gold in the event of ‘inflammatory’, tension creating and damaging tweets. His capacity to comment without fully understanding all the facts may be his ‘Achilles heal’ in this regard. Overnight Trump’s tweet regarding Toyota saw the Japanese car maker lose $1.2 billion in value in five minutes. Shares plummeted after the president-elect vowed in a tweet to stop the car manufacturer from moving abroad. Stocks, bonds and property markets have performed very well in recent years. However, there gains are artificial and are based on near zero percent interest rate policies and from being bloated by monetary stimulus on a scale that the world has never seen before. These bubble like conditions look increasingly vulnerable and will likely burst – the question is when rather than if. Indeed, the turmoil that we have seen on international markets in 2016 appears a foretaste of a very volatile 2017. We continue to see conditions akin to those seen in 2007 and 2008. Many leading experts have echoed these concerns. Geopolitical risk intensified in 2016 with Brexit, the Italian referendum and of course the election of Trump. The risk of terrorism and war remain ever present and gold will continue to act as an important hedge against geopolitical risk. The risk of contagion in the EU – both political and financial and monetary now looms large. Today there is the added risk of bail-ins and deposit confiscation which will be see savings and capital confiscated from savers and companies in the next financial crisis. Conclusion It is worth remembering – as many seem to have forgotten – that gold was one of the few assets to rise in the financial crash of 2008 and in the debt crisis in the 2007 to 2012 period. It has under performed since as stocks and bonds roared to artificially induced record highs. The strong performance of gold in all currencies including the very strong dollar in 2016 bodes well for 2017. It is due a period of out performance and we believe it will outperform other assets in the coming Trump Presidency years from 2017 to 2020. SPDR Gold Trust (ETF) (NYSE:GLD) fell $0.56 (-0.5%) in premarket trading Friday. Year-to-date, GLD has gained 2.49%, versus a 1.26% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. GLD currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of C (Neutral), and is ranked #2 of 29 ETFs in the Precious Metals ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of GoldCore. Tags: gold GoldCore NYSE:GLD precious metals Categories: NYSE:GLD Read Next Survey: Analysts Expect Gold Prices To Surge 13% In 2017 Gold Is Testing Critical Price Levels Right Now Here’s Why Trump Will Prove Bullish For Gold Gold Surges Up To 5% As Trump Shocks The World Analyst: Gold Will Surge $100 Overnight If Trump Wins Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Is A Stock Market Crash Looming? These Charts Say No This Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) Chart Says Stocks Have Already Peaked Here’s Why Dow 20K Won’t Happen Any Time Soon Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate 100-member US delegation to attend ‘Vibrant Gujarat’ Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Ahmedabad, Jan 6:   A delegation of about 100 representatives of American companies, led by Cisco chief John Chambers, will attend the forthcoming Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2017. Top US firms such as Emerson, CME Group, 3M Company, Varian Medical, Dell, Boeing, BIO, Lockheed Martin, FedEx, Gilead, Huntsman Corporation and MasterCard, who are member companies of the US-India Business Council (USIBC), will participate in the summit to be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on January 10. Mukesh Aghi, President, US India Business Council, said, “Vibrant Gujarat has provided an impetus to industrial growth and innovation. It has paved the way for multinational companies to integrate India in their global supply chain.” “In 2016-17, USIBC is expecting an inflow of $27 billion to India from at least 52 US companies,” he added. The USIBC delegation, consisting of several CEOs and senior executives, is expected to hold meetings with Prime Minister Modi and Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, besides several Union ministers, to explore investment opportunities. USIBC and the US Embassy will host a seminar at summit, focusing on the US-led innovation and entrepreneurship as a driver for economic growth in India. (This article was published on January 6, 2017) Related NEWS Arunachal Pradesh to take part in Vibrant Gujarat summit TOPICS economy, business and finance | trade | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » Most Popular MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED International kite festival in Hyderabad from Jan 12-17 Navjot Sidhu joins Congress after meeting Rahul Gandhi Probe agencies join hands in quest for black money Patna boat capsize toll mounts to 24 Kite festival takes off in Hyderabad InterGlobe Hotels debuts in Kerala with ibis Kochi property BJP will win comfortably in Manipur Assembly polls: Javadekar 19 die in Bihar boat tragedy Pongal celebrated with traditional fervour in TN Polls 2017: Why UP, Punjab are set to be cliffhangers Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS ‘No underhand dealing in KG gas field sale’ Need to relax 3% fiscal deficit target ‘Support system, business model vital for sporting success in India’ The needle has moved for Start-up India Jaitley urged to provide balm for demonetisation pains in Budget More » O P E N close Recent Article in National Probe agencies join hands in quest for black money Share information, resources for search and seizure ops » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 9:15 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Ford, GM, Now Toyota: Trump Tweet Targets Another Automaker, Stock Slides By Himanshu Goenka @HimGoJourno On 01/06/17 AT 6:28 AM Close During his campaign that got him elected as the next president of the United States, Donald Trump often spoke about how he would keep jobs in the country. And even before taking office, he seems to be trying to do that using his favorite weapon: Twitter. He has publicly attacked and tried to shame numerous companies in the last one month, referring to negotiations regarding their plans to open plants in or move jobs to other countries, on his Twitter account. The list includes air conditioner manufacturer Carrier, air plane makers Boeing and Lockheed Martin, as well as automaker General Motors. He also routinely targeted Ford Motor while on the campaign trail. And in a tweet Thursday, Trump picked on another automaker, this time a non-U.S. company. Related Stories Ford Cancels $1.6 Billion Plant, Pledges Domestic Investment Trump Tweet Sends GM Shares Down Toyota Motor Corp., the world’s largest automaker, has manufacturing plants in many places across the world. Its vehicles made in Mexico account for less than 10 percent of its sales in the U.S., according to estimates. Along with other Japanese car manufacturers — Honda, Mazda and Nissan — it produced about 1.4 million vehicles in Mexico in the financial year ended March 2016, and production is planned to be ramped up to 1.9 million vehicles by 2019, according to Japan External Trade Organization. However, the total production in Mexico is only a fraction of the number of cars the same companies produce in the U.S. The top three Japanese automakers produced about 4 million vehicles in the U.S. in 2015, Reuters reported. And according to estimates by JP Morgan, an increase in tariffs on cars imported from Mexico will have an impact of only about 0.7 percent on the operating profit of Toyota. None of the Japanese automakers have any plans to change their operations, at least as of now. But the stock market still punished Toyota, whose shares dropped 1.69 percent on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during Friday trade. Its ADR shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange were lower by 0.57 percent during trade Thursday and fell another 0.42 percent after hours. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Media The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition Blogs Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail ProsperoPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Britain Europe United States The Americas Middle East and Africa Asia China International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Leaders Debate Blogs up icon Buttonwood's notebook Erasmus Game theory Gulliver The Economist explains Bagehot's notebook Democracy in America Free exchange Graphic detail Prospero Print Edition The Economist apps Economist Films Economist Radio Audio edition More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator GMAT tutor GRE tutor Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe LexingtonLearning to love Trumpism Conservatives are working hard to reconcile their beliefs with the next president’s agenda print-edition icon From the print edition | United StatesJan 5th 2017, 15:42 twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon A TRUE politician is someone who, upon spying a torch-wielding mob marching on his legislature, declares: “Oh good, a parade—I must lead it.” A striking number of conservatives are taking that approach ahead of Donald Trump’s inauguration on January 20th. The president-elect’s followers include many who distrust both main parties and, if handed a pitchfork, might skewer half the Republicans in Congress. Undaunted, party bigwigs and intellectuals have begun making the case that, for all its rough edges, “Trumpism” is a recognisably conservative way of viewing the world, with the potential to rescue swathes of America from feelings of abandonment and despair, securing majorities for Republicans for years to come. Republican leaders who clashed with Mr Trump during the election campaign now urge colleagues to see his victory as a lesson in humility. After the new Congress was sworn in on January 3rd Paul Ryan, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, told members that for too long leaders in Washington had treated complaints about closed factories with “condescension”. Now Americans had let out a “great roar”, Mr Ryan continued: they have given Republicans control of Congress and the White House not as an act of generosity but as a demand for “results”. Embracing the results sought by Trumpism will not be easy for convinced free-marketeers such as Mr Ryan. On the day that Congress returned to work, Ford announced that it is cancelling plans for a $1.6bn plant in Mexico and will create 700 jobs in Michigan building electric vehicles. This follows months of public browbeating by Mr Trump, including threats of punitive tariffs on firms making things abroad—though Ford’s chief executive cast the decision to invest in America as a vote of confidence in “pro-growth” policies outlined by the president-elect. Ford joins Carrier, Lockheed Martin and Boeing as companies that have changed investment or pricing decisions after Trumpian arm-twisting (hailing Carrier’s climb-down, eased by tax breaks from the state of Indiana, Mr Trump declared that the free market had failed American workers “every time”). As Mitt Romney’s vice-presidential running-mate in 2012, Mr Ryan scorned the idea of governments picking “winners and losers”. Today the Speaker talks up the prospects of tax reforms and deregulation giving all companies good cause to stay in America. Other conservative grandees wonder if a dose of economic nationalism is the price of solidifying the coalition that carried Mr Trump to power, including blue-collar voters in the Midwest who abandoned the Democrats in droves. They praise Mr Trump as a patriot-pragmatist in the spirit of Lincoln or Theodore Roosevelt. They are slower to note more recent models for Trumpism, starting with populist-nationalist movements sweeping Europe. Parallels with Nicolas Sarkozy, France’s centre-right president from 2007-12 and a hyperactive corporatist, are startling. Mr Sarkozy denounced French carmakers for producing cars in eastern Europe (“not justifiable”, he growled), and rushed to a steelworks to promise workers he would save their jobs (a pledge he could not keep). Hugh Hewitt, a conservative talk-radio host, this month will publish “The Fourth Way”, a book-length guide to how Trumpism might advance bits of the Reagan agenda, by promoting conservative judges, stronger armed forces (Mr Hewitt likes Mr Trump’s talk of a 350-ship navy) and free enterprise (above all rolling back “the vast and growing regulatory state”). To that he would add a “repatriation window” for corporate profits held abroad, and a new, voter-pleasing wave of infrastructure projects, including reopened shipyards, modernised airports, local sports facilities and other visible signs of Trumpian largesse. Billions would be disbursed by temporary, county-level commissions appointed by Congress and the White House (“the patronage!” sighs Mr Hewitt) and as classic pork-barrel spending by members of Congress. To break the partisan stalemate over immigration Mr Hewitt would have Mr Trump lay out detailed plans for a double-row border fence along the southern border, which when half- or three-quarters built would trigger a legalisation programme for most of the 11m immigrants in America without the right papers. Get all this right, Mr Hewitt says, and Mr Trump can realign national politics. Get it wrong and Mr Trump could face “catastrophic” midterm elections in 2018, a primary challenger in 2020 or, if embroiled in scandals, impeachment. Seeking Mr Trump’s inner Reagan In the spring Newt Gingrich, a former Speaker and adviser to Mr Trump, will publish “Understanding Trump.” He calls the president-elect the third attempt, after Reagan’s election in 1980 and his own Contract with America in 1994, to break free from the big-government mindset of Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal. To square that claim with Mr Trump’s free-spending, distinctly statist campaign promises, Mr Gingrich portrays the businessman as a disruptive innovator, using social media and a genius for publicity to win a presidential election on the cheap. That thriftiness, also displayed in Mr Trump’s business life, tells Mr Gingrich that President Trump will run a lean federal bureaucracy, root out waste and generally “kick over the table”. Pondering Mr Trump’s desire for better relations with Russia, Mr Gingrich has called its president, Vladimir Putin, “a thug” but at the same time scolded Republicans who treat Russia as if it were still the Soviet Union, rather than a competitor that needs dealing with “as it is”. Some conservative enthusiasm for Trumpism reflects a sincere desire to grapple with voter angst. Some is born of opportunism and fear that the next president will set his voters on Republicans who defy him. Yet Mr Trump will need allies in Congress, too, if he is to rack up achievements to impress supporters. Trumpism, born as a populist revolt, must become a programme for government. That’s harder than leading a parade. twitter icon facebook icon more iconMore linkedin icon googleplus icon mail icon print icon purchase-rights icon Be the first to comment Editors’ picks Manufacturing industryPoliticians cannot bring back old-fashioned factory jobs They don’t make ’em like that any more Non-stick NarendraIndia’s prime minister has a knack for shrugging off embarrassmentAsia Battling for survivalThe French left faces a grim election yearEurope A walk across WashingtonA tour of a changing capitalCulture Latest Updates Special no moreAn end to wet foot, dry foot Americas The faith of Barack ObamaA president with a feel for the spiritual who was hated by the pious Erasmus Police forceChicago’s police regularly use excessive force, says the Department of Justice Democracy in America The ElbphilharmonieA new concert hall is worth the wait, and the cost, for Hamburg Daily chartThe curious case of high blood pressure around the world Graphic detail England’s National Health ServiceNo more money for the NHS, says Philip Hammond Britain Something nasty from the tail pipeAmerican regulators accuse Fiat Chrysler of emissions cheating Business and finance Pistols at 30,000 feetThousands of flyers have been caught trying to smuggle loaded guns onto American planes Gulliver Podcast: The week aheadHacks, leaks and videotape International Swimming together, living togetherThe meaning of a European court verdict on Muslim girls and school swimming lessons Erasmus The Netanyahu tapesA new scandal rocks Israel’s prime minister Middle East and Africa The Economist explainsWhy Indonesia is unlikely to ban booze The Economist explains Global exchange rates, to goThe Big Mac index Graphic detail Special educationThe Supreme Court considers what states owe to disabled students Democracy in America Daily chartHuman and pet health-cost trends are strikingly similar Graphic detail Contracts in American footballHow to lose quarterbacks and alienate people Game theory Resurrecting JFKNew York’s airports may finally be upgraded Gulliver Podcast: The Economist asksShould education last a lifetime? International FlappingBen Affleck leads too many lives in “Live By Night” Prospero The productivity slowdownAttack of the zombie firms Buttonwood's notebook → see all updates You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version You are viewing a beta release of The Economist website. Please tell us what you think. Leave feedbackBack to old version Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
01162017Headline: Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 3 days ago Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 3 days ago Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 3 days ago Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 3 days ago Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 3 days ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2016: Acute Market Reports Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2016: Acute Market Reports January 6, 2017 | by Johnson | Notes: Sales, means the sales volume of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue, means the sales value of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag This report studies sales (consumption) of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe, Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support Astronautics Boeing Company EsterLine CMC Electronics Global Eagle Entertainment Airbus Rockwell Collins Inc Avilasoft Navtech Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-commercial-electronic-flight-bag-sales-market-report-2016 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Portable EFB Installed EFB Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/semiconductors-market 1 Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag 1.2 Classification of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag 1.2.1 Portable EFB 1.2.2 Installed EFB 1.2.3 Type III 1.3 Application of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (2011-2021) 1.5.1 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 1.5.2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2021) 2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1.1 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share of Key Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.1.2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2011-2016) 2.2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.2.2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 2.3 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume and Value) by Regions 2.3.1 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.3.2 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Market Share by Regions (2011-2016) 2.4 Global Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume) by Application 3 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Value (2011-2016) 3.1.1 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.2 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 3.1.3 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 3.2 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 3.3 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Application To Get Complete Report : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/global-commercial-electronic-flight-bag-sales-market-report-2016 4 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Value (2011-2016) 4.1.1 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.2 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 4.1.3 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 4.2 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 4.3 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Value (2011-2016) 5.1.1 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.2 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Revenue and Growth Rate (2011-2016) 5.1.3 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales Price Trend (2011-2016) 5.2 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Manufacturers 5.3 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Commercial Electronic Flight Bag Sales and Market Share by Application Latest Reports : http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/china-scanner-market-report-to-2021 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/china-router-market-research-report-2016 http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/china-lunch-box-market-research-report-2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Latest Report: Thermal Interface Materials Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Harmonic Filter Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Recent Release: Coffeemaker Market 2016 to 2021 Industry,Size, Share, Growth Prospects, Key Opportunities,Trends and Forecasts BY Acute Market Reports Global Foam Blowing Agents Market is expected to reach $963 million at a CAGR of 5.21% foreacst by 2022 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Latest Report: Paints & Coatings Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On CBRNE Detection Equipment Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 Latest Report: Video Conferencing in Healthcare Market Segmentation, Opportunities and Industry Forecast 2015 – 2022 Direct-to-Consumer Genetic Testing Market Size, Comprehensive Analysis and Outlook Forecast 2015 – 2022 Global Study On Drug of Abuse Testing / Screening Market Growth, Future Prospects, and Competitive Analysis 2015 – 2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business The app that warns investors when Donald Trump tweets about companies  President-elect Trump's tweets have had major bearings on the stock market Credit: Bloomberg Sam Dean 6 January 2017 • 9:05am A finance app has unveiled a special feature that alerts investors when president-elect Donald Trump has tweeted about a public company. The free Trigger app will enable users to set up notifications for Mr Trump’s tweets, allowing investors to keep a close eye on stocks in real time. The company said it had rolled out the new feature because of the incoming President’s potential to “eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies”. Watch | Bernie Sanders prints out giant poster of Trump tweet 00:30 The impact of Mr Trump’s social media activity was made clear last month when he sent the share price of manufacturer Boeing tumbling after posting a tweet that called for a multi-billion dollar order for a new Air Force One plane to be scrapped. He has also tweeted about a string of other companies, including urging a boycott of Apple products last year. Just this week Mr Trump used the social media site to attack General Motors, suggesting it was sending its “Mexican-made model of Chevy Cruze to US car dealers tax free across border [sic]”. General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2017 Within hours rival car giant Ford had cancelled plans to build a new $1.6bn plant in Mexico, saying it would instead invest $700m in a manufacturing base in Michigan. “These triggers can help you capture moves or manage your holdings based on the market’s reaction to the future President’s remarks,” Trigger wrote on its blog. “While it’s no surprise that Trump has been actively tweeting since the election, no one anticipated that a single tweet could potentially eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies. “His tweets on prices and contracts with public companies have had significant market-moving events that make it more difficult for the everyday investor to stay on top of their investments.” Donald Trumps team The app allows users to set a variety of other triggers, such as a reminder to sell a stock when it reaches a certain price, or hits a one-year high or low. It can also trigger on "economic events and corporate fundamentals", while it says it is working on new triggers including commodities, currencies and cryptocurrencies, extreme weather events, and public sentiment. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Ford Social media Boeing Shares Donald Trump Apps Twitter Apple Show more Business latest 16 Jan 2017, 12:01am Couple start energy supplier to fight 'contempt’ of Big Six 16 Jan 2017, 12:01am Post-Brexit vote, UK leapfrogs Sweden and US in allure 15 Jan 2017, 11:12pm Danger of fresh steel crisis eases as industry wins relief green taxes 15 Jan 2017, 11:01pm Davos 2017: what to expect as global leaders gather ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration 15 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Comment: Trump’s win, the Brexit vote… life is tough for today’s market pundits Tom Stevenson Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:41pm Comment: Whisper it, but this could be a good year for growth Roger Bootle Premium 15 Jan 2017, 10:26pm The Duchess of Cambridge's fashion favourites among festive performers 15 Jan 2017, 10:23pm O2 and Vodafone hope mast deal will help battle with BT  15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mauritius payment knocks Fundsmith profits despite surge of new customers 15 Jan 2017, 10:19pm Mitie's new chief set to review accounting at troubled outsourcer 15 Jan 2017, 10:17pm Blackrock launches fight against oversized pay packets and undeserved pensions 15 Jan 2017, 10:16pm Wellesley to freeze crowdfunding campaign as it courts City investors 15 Jan 2017, 10:08pm Javad Marandi: from Iranian refugee to Soho House investor 15 Jan 2017, 9:29pm Comment: In 2017, responsible leaders must start to take action Martin Gilbert Premium 15 Jan 2017, 9:14pm Rare earth miner to list Burundi project on London Stock Exchange 15 Jan 2017, 8:54pm High time for a high-rise? How to solve the nation's housing affordability crisis 15 Jan 2017, 8:44pm 'It doesn't matter who is flying higher out of Airbus and Boeing – as long as they are both healthy' 15 Jan 2017, 8:04pm The pound falls to its lowest level since October flash crash over fears Britain will lose single market access 15 Jan 2017, 5:35pm Comment: Let's not let artificial intelligence become another bubble James Titcomb Premium 15 Jan 2017, 5:30pm Rise in outdoor gyms signals a muscling-up of the outdoor fitness industry 14 Jan 2017, 7:55pm The era of cheap food and fuel comes to an end If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:43 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Trump said to be opposed to AT&T merger with Time Warner Friday January 6, 2017 02:43 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article An AT&T sign is seen outside a branch in Rolling Meadows, Illinois October 24, 2016. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Jan 6 — Donald Trump remains opposed to the megamerger between AT&T Inc. and Time Warner Inc. because he believes it would concentrate too much power in the media industry, according to people close to the president-elect, who has been publicly silent about the transaction for months. Trump told a friend in the last few weeks that he still considers the merger to be a bad deal, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the conversation was private. Trump’s chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is also opposed to the deal, another person said. While Trump blasted the deal during the campaign, Time Warner shares have climbed 10 per cent since the election on speculation that a Republican administration would be friendlier to the US$85.4 billion (RM382 billion) merger. The stock closed Wednesday at US$96.71, compared with AT&T’s offer price of US$107.50 a share. Time Warner shares dropped as much as 3.8 per cent yesterday after Bloomberg’s report on Trump’s thinking about the transaction. Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, didn’t respond to a request for comment. AT&T and Time Warner both declined to comment. Trump’s opposition to the deal is “mildly negative,” but everything is negotiable with the president-elect, Cowen & Co analyst Paul Gallant said Thursday in a note to clients. The review process is still in the very early stages, he said. Limited options It remains unclear whether Trump would try to influence the regulatory review of the merger, either by pushing officials to impose conditions or to block the deal entirely. The transaction, which would combine the biggest U.S. pay-TV and internet provider with one of the largest creators of TV programming, will be reviewed by the Justice Department and possibly by the Federal Communications Commission. Trump, who takes office Jan 20, has nominated Senator Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican, to lead the Justice Department, and hasn’t named a successor to departing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler. In October, before the election, Trump said his administration wouldn’t approve the merger, saying, “It’s too much concentration of power in the hands of too few.” He cited the deal as “an example of the power structure I’m fighting.” Trump has said little publicly about the deal since, but has taken on several major corporations in recent weeks after winning the election, including Ford Motor Co, Carrier and Boeing Co. If Trump wants to influence the review, he would have more success with the FCC, which weighs deals based on a more subjective public-interest standard, said Craig Moffett, an analyst at MoffettNathanson. In 2014, for instance, President Obama issued a statement and video urging the commission to impose stronger regulations on high-speed Internet service to protect “net neutrality,” which the agency later did. “If the FCC takes the case, President Trump could influence the decision in any number of ways,” Moffett said. “He can effectively turn up the heat and make it very difficult for the FCC to disagree with him.” AT&T, however, could avoid a FCC review by divesting licenses owned by Time Warner, Moffett said. Trump would have a harder time influencing the Justice Department review of the deal, because any decision the agency makes can be challenged in court, Moffett said. “It would be naive to say DOJ operates utterly without political intervention,” he said, “but the potential for partisan meddling is much lower at DOJ than at FCC.” Trump’s opinion is unlikely to lead to the merger being blocked unless the president chooses to get heavily involved in the approval process, said Barry Diller, a media veteran who’s now chairman of IAC/InterActiveCorp. “Unless he’s going to micromanage and now he’s going to be head of antitrust and go through the whole legal process, he’s just doing what he does,” Diller said in an interview Thursday on Bloomberg Television. CNN frustration Trump’s opposition to the AT&T-Time Warner deal stems partly from his frustration with CNN, which is owned by Time Warner, one of the people said. Trump has repeatedly criticised the cable news network for what he sees as unfair coverage of him. AT&T could sell CNN to appease Trump and get the deal approved, Moffett said. “If that’s the primary concern, you’d have to wonder whether AT&T wouldn’t prefer to sell CNN for Trump to claim victory and still get this deal across the finish line,” Moffett said. Trump is also frustrated with Comcast Corp, which in 2011 bought NBCUniversal in a similar deal that was cleared with conditions. Trump is upset with Comcast and NBC because he sees them as being responsible for the October leak of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” video in which he made degrading comments about women, the person said. Trump sees himself as a victim of a concentrated media landscape, the person said. In the coming months, federal regulators will scrutinize the deal, which would create a telecommunications and media empire that will own much of the programming it provides to subscribers of its wireless, internet and pay-TV services. AT&T serves 133 million US wireless customers and 25 million video subscribers. During a congressional hearing last month, the chief executives of AT&T and Time Warner defended their transaction, arguing that it would raise a challenge to cable companies by making it easier to create new online TV packages and help them compete with tech giants in online advertising, among other benefits. That same month, AT&T Chief Executive Officer Randall Stephenson said at an investor conference that the regulatory review of the deal “should be fairly straightforward” and “based on the facts of the law, we expect a good outcome from that.” He said AT&T was open to conditions to get the deal approved but said “it’s too early to tell” whether AT&T would divest Time Warner’s licences to avoid an FCC review. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Sterling plunges after Britain hints at ‘hard Brexit’ Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Judd Apatow freaking out over Donald Trump — Maureen Dowd Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Former CIA director says Trump’s intelligence tweets are damaging (VIDEO) Donald Trump: Sticking with some facts, taking liberties with others (VIDEO) Jennifer Holliday pulls out of Trump concert after fan backlash Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Sunday, January 15th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending UPDATE: At march in Warren, forum in Youngst... 8:43 p.m. Sun Man, 4-year-old nephew killed in NE Ohio mob... 5:50 p.m. Sun Thousands across US protest move to repeal O... 5:45 p.m. Sun 'Hidden Figures' leads MLK weekend box offic... 5:25 p.m. Sun Outgoing chief of CIA rips Trump for impulsi... 5:08 p.m. Sun In Biloxi, Miss., MLK Day is replaced with '... 5:03 p.m. Sun Man finds partially decomposed body on shore... 4:29 p.m. Sun all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home Despite challenges, 2017 won’t be all doom, gloom | Print Tweet Published: Fri, January 6, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Despite the MANY challenges confronting the Mahoning Valley this year, which we detailed in our New Year’s Day editorial, there is nonetheless good reason for a fair degree of optimism and hope for our region over the coming 12 months. Though we are anxious about the economic and political uncertainties that await the Valley this year, we also recognize that 2016 did not end without its fair share of positive developments and that 2017 does not begin without some room for spillover confidence. From growth in our tech sector to progress in downtown Youngstown redevelopment to a near billion-dollar investment in clean-energy production, the Valley can boast many 2016 assets, some of which are bound to increase in value throughout this new year. Prime among them is America Makes, the National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute based in downtown Youngstown. In 2016, it continued to expand as the nation’s leading partner in additive manufacturing and 3-D printing research. Projects in partnership with such blockbuster corporations as General Electric, Honeywell Aerospace and Boeing continued to fuel its growth in 2016. America Makes clearly has established itself as one of the enduring positive legacies of the administration of President Barack Obama, who spearheaded its creation in 2012. Its success should be clearly evident to the incoming administration of Donald Trump, which should continue Uncle Sam’s support and funding. SUCCESS AT YBI Speaking of Youngstown’s growth as a tech hub, the next-door neighbor to America Makes made significant advancements in 2016. The internationally acclaimed Youngstown Business Incubator acquired and began massive renovations of The Vindicator’s former office building for use as a startup center for advanced manufacturing enterprises. Elsewhere downtown, ongoing rejuvenation continued at a brisk pace. Among projects of note included the full opening of the renovated Wick Tower apartment complex, completion of the massive Wells Building renovation and early work to transform The Downtown Circle deli into the downtown’s first full-line grocery store in decades. On tap for construction and completion this year include two significant pieces of downtown reinvention. The NYO Property Group is continuing renovations to the 110-year-old landmark Stambaugh Building into DoubleTree Hotel opening by year’s end. A few blocks down from Central Square, a 3,250-seat amphitheater and a riverfront park are expected to open to complement the Covelli Centre’s increased success in attracting big-name acts and tens of thousands of patrons downtown. Up the street, Youngstown State University enjoyed a banner year as well. For the first time in six years, enrollment increased and the urban college received many prestigious honors, not the least of which is selection of one of its students as a Rhodes Scholar. Physical growth continued with the opening of the University Edge apartment complex with plans on tap for substantially more student housing and retail growth in the university corridor this year. 2016 ended with the university’s football team advancing to the FCS national championship game on Saturday, an apt metaphor for the optimism and positive spirit that pervade YSU as 2017 classes begin. $900 MILLION ENERGY CENTER Elsewhere in the Valley, ground was broken last summer for the $900 million Lordstown Energy Center. The massive project to construct a plant to generate electricity from natural gas will move into high gear this year with approximately 500 workers involved in its construction. The economic impact of that project to the Valley economy over the next 40 years is predicted to be about $14 billion. To be sure, the projects and success stories noted above represent only a partial slice of 2016’s success stories. Others include the growth of downtown Warren’s Tech Belt Energy Innovation Center, renewed excitement at the recently renovated Stambaugh Auditorium, and ongoing commercial growth in the Valley’s largest suburban communities of Boardman and Austintown. In a new year sure to be filled with many uncertainties and challenges, the promise of the plethora of uplifting projects and developments must not be forgotten in our collective community consciousness. Other stories of interest Port authority appointee should be an open book Towering twin energy projects produce optimism Obama exits office as he entered it – standing tall Trump won’t blast Putin over hacking controversy Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Mystery as engine drops out of B-52 bomber during Air Force training mission over wildlife refuge in North Dakota  The engine landed in an unpopulated area northeast of Minot Air Force Base  Air Force officials said there's no threat to public safety and an investigation is under way  No weapons were on board and no injuries have been reported  The bomber's five-member crew were able to land the plane safely  By Jordan Gass-Poore for Dailymail.com Published: 01:03 EST, 6 January 2017 | Updated: 03:42 EST, 6 January 2017 e-mail 443 shares 139 View comments An engine dropped out of a B-52 bomber during a training mission at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota.  The Air Force confirmed that one of the aircraft's eight engines dropped mid-flight for an unknown reason on J Clark Salyer National Wildlife Refuge land, located near Upham in Bottineau County, and is buried in snow in a river bed. Air Force officials sent a helicopter to recover engine debris, which was found located in an unpopulated area about 28 miles northeast of Minot Air Force Base, an Air Force spokesperson told MyNDNow.com.  One of eight engines dropped out of a B-52 bomber for an unknown reason The incident occurred during a training flight at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota (pictured) RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Moving company names South Dakota, Vermont, and Oregon as... Three are arrested for hanging a Dakota Access pipeline... Winter is coming back: Blizzard will bury New England under... Share this article Share Air Force officials recovered engine debris, which was found on J Clark Salyer National Wildlife Refuge land (pictured), located near Upham in Bottineau County, and is buried in snow in a river bed BOEING B-52 FACTS AND FIGURES  First flight: 1952 Length: 159 feet, 4 inches  Wingspan: 185 feet  Speed: 650 mph  Range: 8,800 miles without refueling Armaments: 31,500 kilograms of ordnance, which can include bombs, mines and missiles Crew: Five Inventory: 58 active, 18 reserve Cost: US$84 million Source: US Air Force The bomber's five-member crew declared an in-flight emergency when the pilot discovered that an engine had dropped, an Air Force spokesperson said.  They were able to land the plane safely back at the base.  There were no weapons on board the bomber, and no injuries have been reported relating to the incident, which remains under investigation, according to the Air Force. Col. Matthew Brooks, commander of the 5th Bomb Wing, established a safety investigation board to determine what caused the incident, according to Military.com.    The Boeing-manufactured bomber has been in use since 1952 and is expected to remain operating until 2040, when it'll be replaced by the Northrop Grumman's B-21. There are 76 B-52's in the Air Force's inventory and are among the oldest in the fleet.  The B-52 was developed to carry nuclear weapons and has been adapted over the years. It's been used in missions from Vietnam War to Afghanistan. Read more: B-52 Loses Engine While Flying Over North Dakota | Military.com Engine Drops Out of Minot AFB B-52 - Story | North Dakota Share or comment on this article e-mail 443 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (139) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Capitol Report Get email alerts Trump threatens Toyota with tax if it builds plant in Mexico instead of U.S. By Robert Schroeder Published: Jan 5, 2017 3:15 p.m. ET Share Automaker defends decision; says it won’t decrease jobs in U.S. Getty Images Donald Trump to Toyota: ‘No way!’ should the company build Corollas for the U.S. market in Mexico. By RobertSchroeder Fiscal policy reporter President-elect Donald Trump threatened Toyota with a border tax if it builds a new plant for cars for the U.S. market in Mexico instead of in the U.S., in his latest Twitter barrage against a major corporation. “No way!” Trump said in a tweet Thursday afternoon. “Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.” In his tweet, the president-elect referred to a plant in “Baja, Mexico.” But he appeared to be confusing that location with Guanajuato, Mexico, where the Japanese automaker broke ground on a plant in November of last year. The plant will produce Corollas beginning in 2019, the company said. Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 Shares of Toyota TM, +0.14%   fell about 0.4% after Trump’s tweet. The president-elect has publicly threatened other companies, including Ford F, +0.32%  , Boeing BA, +0.34%   and General Motors GM, -0.45%  . Ford said earlier this week it was scrapping plans for a new $1.6 billion assembly plant in Mexico, and would instead build small cars in an existing Mexican factory, as well as invest $700 million in a facility in Michigan. Read: Opinion: Ford’s Mexico shift shows Trump’s bully pulpit has some value. In a statement, Toyota defended its decision to build the new plant and trumpeted its history in the U.S. “Toyota has been part of the cultural fabric in the U.S. for nearly 60 years,” the statement read. “Production volume or employment in the U.S. will not decrease as a result of our new plant in Guanajuato, Mexico announced in April 2015.” Statement in response to the President Elect's recent comment. Please visit https://t.co/BxLSOPbXV8 for more information pic.twitter.com/d8E8TQnzqc— Toyota USA (@Toyota) January 5, 2017 Trump has said on multiple occasions he’d impose a tax on goods sold back into the U.S. by companies that take production out of the country. But congressional Republicans, including Rep. Kevin Brady, the chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, are cool to that idea. Republicans have said an overhaul of the tax code is the way to retain and attract new business in the U.S. More from MarketWatch Obama on Transferring Power Peacefully to Donald Trump Obama Gets Emotional During Tribute to Wife Michelle Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential Related Topics U.S. Economy U.S. Politics Washington, D.C. Quote References TM +0.17 +0.14% F +0.04 +0.32% BA +0.54 +0.34% GM -0.17 -0.45% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Robert Schroeder Robert Schroeder is a reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @mktwrobs. MarketWatch Partner Center Robert Schroeder Robert Schroeder is a reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @mktwrobs. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Toyota Motor Corp. ADR U.S.: NYSE: TM $119.81 +0.17 (+0.14%) Volume 112.7K Open $119.82 High $119.90 Low $119.52 P/E Ratio 10.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 195.2B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.63 +0.04 (+0.32%) Volume 28.9M Open $12.62 High $12.67 Low $12.50 P/E Ratio 6.3 Div Yield 4.75 Market Cap 50.2B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $158.83 +0.54 (+0.34%) Volume 2.4M Open $158.74 High $159.58 Low $158.34 P/E Ratio 24.18 Div Yield 3.58 Market Cap 98.0B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.34 -0.17 (-0.45%) Volume 8.7M Open $37.55 High $37.77 Low $37.15 P/E Ratio 4.28 Div Yield 4.07 Market Cap 56.9B LatestNews
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Jobs FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Water crisis hits several towns Taking tourism by storm Fruitful season expected Public schools get thumbs down Demand boosts private schools Monday, January 16, 2017 Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Jobs FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Detroit auto show comes January 5, 2017 0 17 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, Picture : Getty Images The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump’s public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show’s public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. NAFTA and the US economy  While the Detroit auto show will be looking to the future, many industry insiders likely will be focused on the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration “We’ve never experienced anything quite like this,” said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. “We’ve never gone in this direction, not in recent history,” he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers “will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA.” An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump’s criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. “It’s literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that’s why we’re making this decision to invest here in the US,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Ford’s decision to cancel plans to build a new factory in Mexico was widely interpreted in Mexico as the result of Donald Trump’s repeated criticism of the $1.6bn project Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant’s Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. “The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality” of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. “Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk,” he said.  Full automation? Not yet  With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show’s more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 percent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google’s self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. “The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market” with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from a diesel emissions scandal in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car at the Detroit auto show “Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production,” Jefferies & Co. tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. “There’s going to be a lot of experimentation … in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers,” Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. “Consumers want more and more driver assist technology,” she said, “and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving” cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. “They’re going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA,” to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. -AFP  basil RELATED ARTICLES Entertainment Jazz artist Thandi Klaasen dies aged 86 Entertainment Top DJ David Guetta’s Mumbai concert gets go-ahead Cricket Stubborn Latham keeps New Zealand afloat Comments and Analysis Analysis:Social media threat to democracy Comments and Analysis Opinion: ANC’s soul-searching works NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News Phosphate mining Namibians’ battle continues The battle continues... SA poised for water shortages as winter approaches South Africa’s water... Thank you for fixing America Last week, Barack... About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
Co-sponsor Associate Sponsors Firstpost . Monday, January 16, 2017 Latest E-book Switch to हिन्दी NewsTracker Election dates announced for UP, Goa, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Manipur polls Front Page Politics Goa Assembly election 2017: Congress releases second list of candidates Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017: EC may give order on SP symbol dispute on Monday Nitish Kumar should take responsibility for boat tragedy in Sabbalpur diara: Sushil Modi Punjab Election 2017: Harsimrat Kaur Badal alleges 'secret seat-sharing arrangement' between AAP, Congress Punjab election 2017: Sukhbir asks Sidhu why he was missing from state for seven months Delhi: Manoj Tiwari announces team, Shazia Ilmi, Kamaljeet Sehrawat get berth in BJP executive Sports Premier League: Manchester City thrashed by Everton, Zlatan Ibrahimovic rescues Manchester United India vs England, 1st ODI Highlights: Hosts win by 3 wickets; go 1-0 up in the series India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav's efforts hailed by Twitterati India vs England: Virat Kohli breaks Sachin Tendulkar's record in 1st match as full-time ODI captain India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase N Srinivasan to meet district secretaries amid speculation over his successor as TNCA chief India Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Learning from BSF, CRPF video incidents: Leave our armed forces personnel alone Demonetisation fallout: Hit hard by note ban, realty sector awaits 'white money' buyers Box Office: 'Hidden Figures' Prevails as 'Monster Trucks,' Ben Affleck's 'Live by Night' Bomb | Reuters West Bengal: Stampede at Gangasagar kills six; PM Modi announces ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh Uttar Pradesh Assembly Election 2017: Akhilesh-led SP, Congress, RLD may form Bihar-style grand alliance World Watch: Canadian PM Justin Trudeau wishing Tamilians 'Happy Thai Pongal' Washington's infrastructure mess presents opportunity to Donald Trump administration Benjamin Netanyahu slams 'futile' Paris conference on efforts to revive Israel-Palestine peace process Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte threatens martial law to tackle drug problem German passenger flight from Oman lands in Kuwait over bomb threat Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter, critics hit back Business Public sector banks may get more than Rs 25,000 cr govt capital this week Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting today Petrol price up by 42 paise a litre, diesel Rs 1.03 Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' Finance ministry insists it respects RBI's independence and autonomy Demonetisation: With polls round the corner, Budget may have a few sops for devastated weavers Life Travel longer, for lesser: How we prepared to become full time travellers Beijing travel diary: Playing charades with strangers; visiting the Great Wall, tea houses Why I run: Four marathoners on what drives them to go the distance; before SCMM 2017 Spot the irony: Patanjali's new product 'Gonyle' is a floor cleaner, which contains cow urine Scientists identify biomarker that may predict depression in pregnant women Delhi Book Fair 2017: The Indian Publisher seems to be pursuing buyers, not readers Entertainment Best Indian Films 2016: Thithi, Visaranai and others prove small can be big, beautiful, bold Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: See Alia Bhatt, Sidharth Malhotra's red carpet style Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt, Dangal win top honours Rishi Kapoor looks back on a life in the movies in Khullam Khulla: But is it really 'Uncensored'? The Batman Lego Movie might be DC's chance at redemption after Batman vs Superman Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News Fwire News Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet - Bloomberg | Reuters Reuters Jan, 06 2017 06:10:18 IST #Reuters Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd (SPJT.BO) is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.The deal, which would more than double SpiceJet's 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks Bloomberg reported, citing people with direct knowledge of the decision. (bloom.bg/2iGOB9c)The order could be worth about $10.1 billion, the publication reported. Boeing declined to comment while SpiceJet was not immediately available outside regular business hours. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See HDFC Bank to cut lending rates by 75-90 bps - source | Reuters German authorities investigating 2nd suspect in Berlin truck attack | Reuters Global stocks climb, dollar dips ahead of Fed minutes | Reuters Zambia Vedanta mine workers strike over delayed pay talks | Reuters Top Stories Amazon's tricolour doormat: On Twitter, Shaktikanta Das warns company not to be 'flippant' UP Polls 2017: Media Abuzz But for Voters This is a Dull Election Sushma Swaraj vs Amazon: Not the first display of insubstantial nationalism India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase How much income tax you should pay on investments in gold? Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress, meets Rahul Gandhi, ahead of Punjab Assembly election 2017 Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED Vs OMN Netherlands beat Oman by 5 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND Vs ENG India beat England by 3 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Pakistan beat Australia by 6 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG Vs IRE Afghanistan beat Ireland by 5 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK Vs SCO Scotland beat Hong Kong by 24 runs Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 92 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL South Africa beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 118 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 27 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 47 runs Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs OMN - Jan 16th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs AFG - Jan 16th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED vs SCO - Jan 17th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs IRE - Jan 18th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs NED - Jan 18th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 19th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 OMN vs SCO - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 20th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 TBC vs TBC - Jan 20th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Budget 2014 Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Think India Budget 2014 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of use Privacy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet - Bloomberg Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri Jan 6, 2017 | 6:10am IST Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet - Bloomberg Employees work inside a travel agency office besides a model of a SpiceJet aircraft in the western Indian city of Ahmedabad February 14, 2014. REUTERS/Amit Dave Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd (SPJT.BO) is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. The deal, which would more than double SpiceJet's 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks Bloomberg reported, citing people with direct knowledge of the decision. (bloom.bg/2iGOB9c) The order could be worth about $10.1 billion, the publication reported. Boeing declined to comment while SpiceJet was not immediately available outside regular business hours. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Next In Money News Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. Oil prices will be much more volatile in 2017 - IEA ABU DHABI Global oil prices will witness "much more volatility" in 2017 even though markets may rebalance in the first half of the year if output cuts pledged by producers are implemented, the head of the International Energy Agency (IEA) said on Sunday. South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief SEOUL South Korea's special prosecutor said on Sunday it will take into account the economic impact of whether to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee in connection with an influence-peddling investigation involving the president. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from India's Spicejet: Bloomberg ReutersJanuary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim YoungMore (Reuters) - Indian budget airline SpiceJet Ltd <SPJT.BO> is expected to order at least 92 Boeing Co <BA.N> 737 jetliners, as it looks to bolster its presence in the world's fastest growing aerospace market, Bloomberg reported on Thursday. The deal, which would more than double SpiceJet's 40-plane fleet, may be closed within weeks Bloomberg reported, citing people with direct knowledge of the decision. The order could be worth about $10.1 billion, the publication reported. Boeing declined to comment while SpiceJet was not immediately available outside regular business hours. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1596 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 48 messages5%59%36% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1158 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 13 messages15%62%23% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 58 messages3%69%28% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 104 messages5%76%19% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 710 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% How A Serial Killer Won 'The Dating Game' Trend ChaserSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 292 messages6%69%25% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1504 messages6%68%26% US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas American nuclear bomber loses engine in flight The B-52 was around 28 miles from the Minot Air Force base in North Dakota Tom Batchelor Thursday 5 January 2017 22:16 BST Click to follow The Independent US The B-52 has been in active service with the USAF since 1955 AP A long range nuclear bomber lost an engine during a recent flight, the US Air Force has confirmed.  The B-52 "Stratofortress" lost one of its eight turbofan engines when it was around 28 miles from the Minot Air Force base in North Dakota, a spokesman said.   The aircraft, which is designed to hold up to 70,000 pounds (32,000 kg) of nuclear warheads, was not carrying any weapons. It landed safely using the remaining seven engines. The strangest airplane patents 4 show all The strangest airplane patents 1/4 The saddle seat, proposed by Airbus Operations in 2013, in which the customer sits in a fold down seat more akin to a bike seat than a chair. Back and neck support free, of course. Airbus Operations 2/4 Proposed in 2014 by Zodiac Seats France, an aeroplane seat manufacturer, the Economy Class Cabin Hexagon makes passengers sit in alternating backward and forward facing seats in an attempt to maximise space and minimise the chance of avoiding eye contact. Zodiac Seats France 3/4 Filed for patent in 2013 by The Boeing Company, the Upright Sleep Support System is deployed from a backpack that sits on the chair and is designed to allow passengers the chance to lie face first onto it, with a massage table esque cut out for your face. The Boeing Company 4/4 Airbus Operations GmbH The eighth engine landed in an unpopulated area and no injuries were caused, the spokesman said. He added that the crew "declared an in-flight emergency when the pilot discovered that an engine departed the aircraft." Read more US B-52 bomber flies over South Korea in show of force 'Mistake' as B-52 flies nuclear missiles across US B-52 bomber takes test flight using synthetic fuel United States Air Force B-52 training bomber crashes at Fairchild He said: "There were no weapons on board and it was a local training mission. The aircraft landed safely with no injuries to the five personnel on board.” The long-range bomber built to carry nuclear bombs over Russia during the Cold War, entered service in 1952 and is expected to remain a part of the US Air Force fleet until 2040. The last fatal crash involving the "Stratofortress" occurred in 2008 when the aircraft crashed into the Pacific Ocean during a training flight. Six crew members were killed and investigators said the probable cause was a system malfunction. More about: US Air Force Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Real Estate Hotels INSiGHT Classifieds Jobs 求人 広告主様へ Newsletter Signup Register/Login LOGIN/REGISTER Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR LOGIN WITH YOUR JAPANTODAY ACCOUNT Remember Me Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION Reset Password *Required Register with a JapanToday account Letters and numbers only; 5 to 50 characters. This cannot be changed later. You will be sent an email to activate your account before you can log in. Yes, I would like to receive news alerts from JapanToday I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy JapanToday National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features search ALL LIFESTYLE ARTS & CULTURE KUCHIKOMI NEW PRODUCTS HEALTH FOOD TRAVEL EXECUTIVE IMPACT OPINIONS PODCAST EVENTS Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain future with Trump Business Jan. 06, 2017 - 06:29AM JST ( 1 ) The 29th edition of the Detroit auto show will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances AFP DETROIT — The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump’s public tussles with U.S. car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show’s public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on U.S. manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. “We’ve never experienced anything quite like this,” said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. “We’ve never gone in this direction, not in recent history,” he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said U.S. carmakers “will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA.” An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump’s criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. “It’s literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that’s why we’re making this decision to invest here in the U.S.,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico.  Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant’s Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its U.S.-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies U.S.-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. “The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality” of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. “Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the U.S. economy at risk,” he said. With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show’s more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6% sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google’s self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. “The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market” with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. “Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production,” Jefferies & Co tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. “There’s going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers,” Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. “Consumers want more and more driver assist technology,” she said, “and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving” cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. “They’re going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA,” to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. © 2017 AFP Tweet Back to top 1 Comment Login to comment 0 NCIS RerunsJan. 06, 2017 - 01:06PM JST "amid uncertain future with Trump" How can the writer imply that? After all, didn't Trump promise he was going to make America great again? One must assume this applies to its passenger cars as well. Back to top Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook connect OR Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me › Forgot Password? NEW USER REGISTRATION JapanToday Insight Summer 2017 Semester at Temple University, Japan Campus Temple University, Japan CampusContinuing Education / MBA Kagoshima Tour Ep.3 Ms GreenTravel / Hotels Top Jobs in Japan, Jan 13-19, 2017 Japan Today CareersJobs Special Offers AJE Spring Adventure Camp Offer ends: n/a Work in Japan Search the Largest English Job Board in Japan. Find a Job Now! More in Business Governments grapple with globalisation backlash Jan. 16, 2017 - 06:23AM JST ( 2 ) Honda bringing Civic sedan back to Japan after 7 years Jan. 15, 2017 - 06:02AM JST ( 3 ) Rakuten launches commercial banking operations in Europe Jan. 15, 2017 - 05:22AM JST ( 1 ) Toyota union to seek Y3,000 or more monthly base salary hike Jan. 14, 2017 - 06:40AM JST ( 7 ) Nissan picks London for first European on-road autonomous car tests Jan. 14, 2017 - 06:30AM JST ( 1 ) View all Most Popular Recent Comments 1 Widowed Japanese increasingly choosing to cut ties with aged in-laws 24 2 12 caught cheating in Japan's unified college exams 20 3 Trump denounces Streep as 'overrated Clinton flunky' 248 4 Trump's busy Day 1: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals 15 5 Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights leader; protests begin across U.S. 161 View all FightingViking Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:43AM JST @Osaka_Doug thankfully the government is changing the system to multiple achievement tests from 2020 Oh goody… Posted in: 12 caught cheating in Japan's unified college exams SuperLib Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:43AM JST Conservatives will be along shortly to convince you that this is evidence that half the world… Posted in: World's 8 richest men own as much wealth as poorest half of world's population: Oxfam Jimizo Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:42AM JST Sickening. Posted in: World's 8 richest men own as much wealth as poorest half of world's population: Oxfam pointofview Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:41AM JST Michael Moore always goes on about this. Yet he`s worth tens of millions and does his… Posted in: World's 8 richest men own as much wealth as poorest half of world's population: Oxfam TorafusuTorasan Jan. 16, 2017 - 11:33AM JST On the flip side, the minute Trump is sworn in he is going to have conflicts… Posted in: Trump's busy Day 1: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals View all Find Your Apartment in Japan 10,000’s of properties available today! Search Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Events Lifestyle Arts & Culture Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Commentary Opinions © 2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us facebook twitter RSS
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trumponomics When Trump shames Toyota, here’s what he’s really trying to do Jake Novak | @jakejakeny Thursday, 5 Jan 2017 | 3:26 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Shannon Stapleton | Reuters President-elect Donald Trump speaks at the USA Thank You Tour event at the Wisconsin State Fair Exposition Center in West Allis, Wisconsin, U.S., December 13, 2016. We've all heard the old saying: "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em." But in politics, the more clever move can be summed up by saying: "If you can't beat 'em, steal their best supporters." Donald Trump is continuing to do just that to the Democrats, and the supporters he's stealing are the unions. Trump's attack tweets against different companies may seem pretty random, but look closer. When he calls out Carrier, Ford, GM, Lockheed-Martin, Boeing, etc., all of the companies he's targeting have something in common: They're either unionized companies or in generally unionized industries. He did it again Thursday with this swipe at Toyota: Tweet Trump's protectionist threats continue to anger many conservative economic purists. But Democrats are the ones who should be irate, and they will be once they figure out what Trump is doing and doing successfully. He's pulling their most important source of financial and ballot box support right out from under them. His protectionist and border security message, which became evident right from the first day he announced his campaign, clearly spoke to union rank-and-file members across the country. While too many of the so-called experts were focusing on what they saw as offensive comments about illegal Mexican immigrants, union voters must have been listening with an open mind. The numbers prove it, as Trump did better among union voters than any Republican presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan. This makes a lot of sense politically. After the Iraq War went south and the financial crisis hit in 2008, the Republican brand died nationally. The GOP was still a viable party in statewide elections, especially in its stronghold regions in the reddest of red states. Trump seems to be the only Republican candidate who realized, and still realizes, that espousing traditional GOP messages won't work on the national stage anymore. That meant grabbing some of the traditional Democratic core supporters to make up the difference. And doing so meant sounding less like a Republican and more like a protectionist, pro-union Democrat. And it's not just about total voter numbers. As Hillary Clinton found out the hard way, eroding union support for Democrats leaves any Democratic presidential candidate vulnerable in the supposedly "blue wall" states like Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania that are all rich in Electoral College votes. And then there's the money. And we're talking big money. The list of the top financial election year donors to the Democratic Party reads like a list of unions in the phone book. Almost all of them donate almost exclusively to the Democrats and they also provide crucial ground support on Election Day to get out the vote. It is almost impossible to overstate their importance to the Democrats' chances of wining any election at any level. Indeed, Republicans have used this union-stealing strategy before. In addition to Reagan badly damaging his challengers' chances by almost winning the union vote in 1980 and 1984, Richard Nixon actually won a majority of them in 1972. Those presidential elections were all landslide wins for the Republicans. The good news for the Democrats is that in each of those elections and the 2016 contest, the individual winning GOP presidential candidate didn't have strong enough coattails to create , or in Trump's case, increase, Republican majorities in Congress. But for Democrats and liberals who have made Trump their singular enemy, perhaps that's no consolation. And if any current or future GOP candidates for key Congressional seats take up Trump's pro-union tune, the losses could be devastating for the Left. It's not that Trump has only gone after companies or industries with union workers. On the campaign trail and in some other venues he bashed hedge funds, Wall Street, and promised to do something about rising drug prices. But his most intense and enduring focus remains on the auto industry and manufacturers that either have, or once had, a lot of unionized employees. Nixon didn't get much of a chance to cater to unions, and Reagan did it infrequently with his protectionist policies to rescue Harley-Davidson and the steel industry. Trump looks like he's going to make this a regular priority. How the Democrats will respond to him and this strategy is their problem. Expect this to continue throughout his presidency. And all it takes is a look at the election map to see why. Trump's siphoning of union support from the Democrats brought him a narrow election victory, it's only logical that he'll do what it takes to siphon yet more to ensure more support and a bigger re-election margin in the coming years. Commentary by Jake Novak, CNBC.com senior columnist. Follow him on Twitter @jakejakeny. For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter. Jake NovakSenior columnist, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 7203.T --- F --- GM ---
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today New App Feature Will Warn Investors of Trump Tweets Finance alert app Trigger has created a feature to warn investors when President-elect Donald Trump is tweeting about their holdings. TheStreet Staff Jan 5, 2017 2:22 PM EST Finance alert app Trigger has created a feature to warn investors when President-elect Donald Trump is tweeting about their holdings. Trump's tweets since he was elected have had a pretty big impact on major U.S. corporations. On Thursday, Trump criticized Toyota (TM) for possibly building a plant in Mexico and not in the United States. After Trump's tweet, shares of Toyota slid nearly 0.5%. After criticizing Boeing (BA) for the price of the Air Force One jet, Boeing shares dipped about 2%. Trigger is looking to give users the tools to manage the market reaction to Trump's comments by sending out real-time alerts when Trump tweets about certain stocks. But the new feature could be useless after inauguration day. Trump says his use of Twitter (TWTR) will be "very restrained" once he takes office. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like BMW's 5 Series Is a Step Toward Regaining Global Luxury Crown BMW's new sedan remains key to its lineup, though less so as consumer preference rises for SUVs and crossovers. Doron Levin Jan 10, 2017 10:26 PM EST Amazingly, Beleaguered Volkswagen's Stock Is at Highest Price in Over a Year These are the drivers. James Skinner Jan 10, 2017 6:53 AM EST Nissan's Rogue Sport and the GMC Terrain Will Satisfy Crossover Appetites The Rogue Sport is Nissan's latest answer to the rising appetite of American consumers for any vehicle but a sedan. GM introduces a restyled version of its GMC Terrain. Doron Levin Jan 9, 2017 12:10 PM EST Clearly Automakers Are Now Trying to Kiss the Feet of Donald Trump Fiat Chrysler is the latest automaker to do so. James Skinner Jan 9, 2017 8:37 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Top 5 Vendors in the UAV Payload and Subsystems Market from 2017 to 2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recent global UAV payload and subsystems market report. This research report also lists five other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. For over a decade, major spenders such as the US, Russia, China, and the UK have made significant investments in the development and procurement of next-generation UAV platforms to strengthen their security and surveillance capabilities. Also, the growing territorial disputes between countries have resulted in increased focus on maritime warfare, obligating naval agencies to enhance their target acquisition capability and acquire advanced UAVs and associated payloads and subsystems. Competitive vendor landscape The global UAV payload and subsystems market is highly competitive with many prominent players competing to enhance their market share. Also, due to the stringent safety and regulatory norms, along with the requirements for superior investments, entry of new vendors is expected to get restricted during the forecast period. “Due to the rapid adoption of miniaturized UAVs in the surveillance applications, UAV components suppliers need to develop and supply cost-efficient and miniaturized payloads that can enhance the operation capability of small UAVs,” says Moutushi Saha, a lead defense research analyst from Technavio. Companies with superior technical and financial resources can bring substantial changes in the existing payloads and subsystems, which will help them to recoup the development costs in shorter development cycle time. The smaller companies can establish collaborations to compete with existing prominent vendors. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55400 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five UAV payload and subsystems market vendors AeroVironment AeroVironment manufactures and markets UAVs, tactical missile systems, and associated services primarily to various organizations within US DoD, including the US Army, Marine Corps, Special Operations Command, and Air Force; as well as to allied armed forces. These UAVs are used to establish ISR superiority on the front lines of combat zones. Boeing Boeing, along with its subsidiary, INSITU, designs, manufactures, and supplies UAV and associated systems for its customers spread across the global defense industry. The company also offers field operations and logistics, training, flight demonstration, and payloads directorate services. Elbit Systems The company develops, manufactures, and supplies EO payloads for UAVs and support equipment for the global defense and homeland security industries. It has been enhancing its business through strategic acquisitions and establishing joint ventures (JV). In April 2016, Elbit Systems signed an agreement with an Indian technology provider, Adani Aero Defence, to establish a JV for co-operating on UAVs development in India. Lockheed Martin The company engages in the development of advanced surveillance and imaging technologies that are used in remote sensing, EW, and maritime surveillance operations. It also offers systems support, maintenance, and training services covering a comprehensive array of UAV platforms. Lockheed Martin also manufactures and supplies hand-launched small UAV platforms along with man-portable GCS. Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman develops both surveillance and attack-enabled UAVs for the US and NATO allied countries globally. In October 2015, the company secured a contract worth USD 3.2 billion from the US Air Force to initiate upgrades for the RQ-4 Global Hawk fleets for next 10 years. The RQ-4 Global Hawk UAV allows broad-area surveillance by employing high-resolution SAR and long-range IR sensors. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like aerospace, general aviation, and homeland security. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. TagsAir Force, army, attack, combat, command, company, corps, defense, force, front, general, major, missile, service, tactical, warfare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Industrial Lubricants Market 2016-2020 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Madden Bolt Corporation Elevates Quality Standards in Steel Fabrication with AISC Certification Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
TV Opinion Weird Trump Sports Entertainment Food Newsletter Search Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook Menu SNL Cold Open Skewers Trump's Press Conference and His 'Big Russian Pee-Pee Party' ‘Wrong’: Atlanta Journal-Constitution Front Page Highlights Massive Response to Trump, John Lewis CIA Director: I Find it 'Outrageous' That Trump's Equating Intelligence Community With Nazi Germany SNL Cold Open Skewers Trump's Press Conference and His 'Big Russian Pee-Pee Party' GOP Introduces Perhaps Most Absurd Pro-Gun Law Yet News App Adds Notifications for Trump Tweeting About Companies You Invest In by David Bixenspan | 12:57 pm, January 5th, 2017   If you have a stock portfolio and an iPhone, then it looks like, then Trigger, an app that provides a variety of alerts for news that may influence stocks you own, might be a must-download. On Wednesday, Yahoo Finance put a spotlight on their newest individual “trigger” for notifications: Now you can get a notification when President Elect Donald Trump tweets about a company you own stock in. This comes on the heels of Trump’s tweets about Boeing last month, which led to the aerospace giant’s stock dropping 2%. Also on Wednesday, Brian Stelter’s “Reliable Sources” email newsletter for CNN mentioned a related story. Stelter is in Las Vegas for the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and asked CNN tech correspondent Samuel Burke for his thoughts on where media and technology are converging at the trade show. Burke’s answer echoed the same concerns that Trigger’s user base may have. “[T]ech CEOs — talking about Trump — are fearing getting a tweet about their companies at 3 a.m. West Coast time since the president-elect often tweets in the 6 a.m. Eastern hour,” he said. “[M]ultiple tech leaders say they or their PR folks have adjusted their schedules to make sure someone is up at 3 a.m. local time to catch the the tweets out of fear that a Trump tweet could crash their stock and put their company into a frenzy.” Others have made a point of setting configuring the Twitter mobile app of notifying them whenever Trump tweets, some even going to the point of planning how they would rebuke a potential Trump call-out in the media. [Image: Shutterstock] Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com Follow Mediaite Follow @mediaite Like us on Facebook filed under Donald Trump, Trigger, twitter Around the Web Sign up for the Mediaite newsletter What's Popular The Blaze’s Tomi Lahren Addresses Old Tweets To ‘Give ‘Em a Little Bit Of Context’ Anderson Cooper: If a Republican Said About Clinton What John Lewis Said About Trump… House Democrats Walk Out of Classified Russia Briefing Absolutely Furious at James Comey Trump’s All-Caps OANN Tweet May Be His Most Telling Yet, and No One Seems to Care Trump Was Confronted About Sex With Russian Women in 2001 Howard Stern Interview Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 Mediaite, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Newsletter | Jobs | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact | Archives | RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Sports Direct: Mike Ashley thumbs his nose at City again. Watchdogs must tighten rules that allow him to do this Small investors are told that it's a good idea to invest their money in the stock market to provide for their futures. Their interests need to be better protected James Moore @JimMooreJourno Thursday 5 January 2017 16:34 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Mike Ashley has brazenly ignored the wishes of a majority of independent shareholders PA Mike Ashley has thumbed his nose at the City once again, using his majority shareholding to secure the appointment of his man Keith Hellawell as chairman of Sports Direct, despite a majority of independent shareholders voting against him. Twice.  A little while ago the Financial Conduct Authority, the City's chief watchdog, became concerned at the way wealthy individuals were able make pots of cash by taking companies public in London only to ride roughshod over minority investors having done so.  In response, a new rule was introduced giving minority investors the power to vote down directors. If they said no to a particular candidate, said candidate would, in effect, be put into a sort of corporate purdah ahead of an EGM at which a fresh vote would be held.  Read more Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell faces second shareholder revolt Sports Direct spends £40m on corporate jet amid alarming dive in profi Sports Direct's Homer and Abe Simpson are at it again The idea was that there should be no need for that. Company directors are supposed to represent the interests of all shareholders. Having failed to secure the support of a majority of independent investors, the candidate was supposed to step aside because their position would, in theory, be untenable. Peace talks would then be held behind closed doors, a way forward agreed, a new candidate put forward and approved. Move on, nothing to see here.  Until Mike Ashley exposed the problem with the new rule. It doesn’t work.  Minority investors have for the second time voted against Mr Hellawell. He has sat at the head of the board as a string of problems at the company have come to light, and so really ought to be held to account.  In fact, an increased majority of independent shareholders tried to do this. Some 54 per cent voted against his reappointment at the latest EGM, up from 53 per cent at the last AGM.  While Mr Hellawell did offer to resign in the wake of the first negative vote, Mr Ashley asked him to stay put and so he did. Mr Ashley, who has appointed himself as chief executive in the meantime, further issued a statement to the stock exchange after the latest no saying that he hoped to persuade Mr Hellawell to reconsider his pledge to stand down if he failed to receive the backing of independent shareholders for the third occasion at the company’s AGM later this year.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty Other investors who maintain large shareholdings in their companies after going public like Mr Ashley will take note of this. What it tells them is that, while they might have to endure a bit of bad publicity, at the end of the day the rules allow them to do more or less what they want.  That’s not good enough. The point about Sports Direct, and about companies like it, is that they are public companies. Ordinary Britons have money invested in them through their ISAs and through their pensions. The Government has told them that it is a good idea for them to save in this way, and thus provide for themselves.  Mr Ashley’s behaviour, and Sports Direct's poor corporate governance, is a problem that goes beyond Sports Direct. But he isn’t going to change it until watchdogs step up to the plate and force the issue. It’s time for them to do that.  More about: Mike Ashley Sports Direct corporate governance Financial Conduct Authority Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Engine Literally Falls Out Of A B-52 During Flight Training Ryan Pickrell 11:34 AM 01/05/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A U.S. Air Force B-52 (R) flies over Osan Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, January 10, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY - RTX21PNO    5406875 One of the engines on a B-52 Stratofortress fell out during a flight training exercise over North Dakota Wednesday. Although it lost an engine, the Boeing-manufactured aircraft, part of the Minot Air Force Base 5th Bomb Wing, operates using eight Pratt & Whitney TF33-P-3/103 turbofan engines, so the five-man crew was able to land the plane safely, Defense News reported. The engine broke apart and landed in an unpopulated area 25 nautical miles from the base, at which time the Air Force dispatched a helicopter to retrieve the debris. There were no weapons on board the aircraft. Col. Matthew Brooks, commander of the 5th Bomb Wing, part of Air Force Global Strike Command’s Eighth Air Force, set up a safety panel to investigate the cause of the accident, Military.com introduced. In a similar incident, the B-52 from Minot crashed on the flight line at Anderson Air Force Base in Guam in May, 2016. The crew was able to safely evacuate the aircraft. The U.S. reportedly has 76 B-52 bombers currently in its inventory. While the B-52 is one of the oldest aircraft in the Air Force, dating all the way back to 1952, it continues to play a vital role in several different ways. Recent uses of the B-52 includes symbolic fly-overs of the Korean Peninsula to warn Pyongyang, similar fly-overs of the South China Sea to warn Beijing against its territorial ambitions, and more recently, bombing Islamic State (ISIS) militants in the Middle East. The iconic bomber is expected to be in operation until around 2040, at which point it will be replaced by Northrop Grumman’s B-21. The B-52 can carry a weapons payload of about 70,000 pounds and fly nearly 9,000 miles without in-flight refueling. “We want our partners and the enemy to see the airpower [the B-52] has overhead,” Col. Daniel Manning, the deputy director of the Combined Air Operations Center, told Military.com, “A B-52 encourages our partner force that we have their back.” Follow Ryan on Twitter Send tips to ryan@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Air Force, B-52 Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Scientific Method — For NASA’s human spaceflight programs a difficult year lies ahead New leadership must confront Soyuz problems, commercial crew delays, and SLS costs. Eric Berger - Jan 5, 2017 3:40 pm UTC Enlarge / The Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome with NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson, Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos, and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet on board in November. NASA/Bill Ingalls reader comments 67 Share this story The new year finds NASA beset by uncertainty, especially with regard to its human spaceflight programs. Soon, the agency will be without its current leadership. Administrator Charlie Bolden has told his team he will leave office at noon on January 20, along with his boss, President Barack Obama. And as yet there is no clear direction for what comes next from the Trump administration and its space transition team, which remain locked in a struggle over the future direction of the agency. Further ReadingPeter Thiel now leading the fight for commercial space in Trump’s NASA It's not a good time for uncertain leadership, as many of NASA's human spaceflight initiatives face serious questions. As 2017 begins, recurring issues with the Russian Soyuz launch vehicle have left the agency unable to say when its next astronaut will go into space. Its much-anticipated private space taxis remain more than a year from flight. And questions remain about the viability of its big-ticket programs, the Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft. One should never count the space agency out, of course, as it works with a large number of aerospace contractors and has thousands of talented engineers and scientists at field centers. But as one former astronaut told Ars, "Human space flight has created the situation that it is waiting for leadership to make progress in significant ways. The big question is who will lead them out of this hole?" Soyuz NASA's problems start with Russia. Since the space shuttle's retirement in 2011, there has been only one pathway for astronauts and cosmonauts to the International Space Station—Russia's Soyuz rocket and spacecraft. Unfortunately, on December 1, a Soyuz rocket carrying an uncrewed Progress spacecraft exploded about six minutes into flight, wiping out 2.6 tons of food, fuel, and supplies. This was due to a problem with the rocket's third-stage engine, the kerosene-fueled RD-0110. The Progress spacecraft launched on an older Soyuz-U rocket, which is being phased out by Roscosmos. Crewed launches now take place on a more modern Soyuz-FG rocket, but the two rockets share a common third stage. This is the second time the third-stage engine has failed in some way in the last five years, as a similar problem occurred during the 2011 launch of Progress 44P. Further ReadingHad a crew launched on that doomed Soyuz last week, would they have died? What this means for the next crew launch to the station is unclear. Nominally, NASA astronaut Jack Fischer and Russian cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin are due to launch in March; on New Year's Eve Roscosmos released a revised schedule calling for a March 27 crewed launch. However that presumes the investigation of the December 1 failure is complete, and Russia has a plan to either address the third stage issue or will accelerate its plan to transition to a modern (but less proven) Soyuz-2-1a variant, which has an entirely different third stage. According to one NASA source familiar with the Russian space program, the agency has heard "only rumors" regarding a return to flight date for the Progress vehicle, which would need to occur before humans fly into space again. Thus, NASA's only lifeline to the station appears to be shaky heading into the new year. Commercial crew This was to be the year when NASA would finally regain the capability to launch its own astronauts into space through its commercial crew program. However, Boeing and SpaceX have already slipped the dates of their first operational flights into 2018, and further delays are possible. Further ReadingNASA officials mulling the possibility of purchasing Soyuz seats for 2019 That means NASA has to hope Russia keeps the Soyuz safely flying for another two years, and it must also contemplate the politically sensitive topic of procuring more Soyuz seats in 2019. Congress will not be happy about receiving this request. While earlier delays with the private spacecraft were due to under-funding, Congressional outlays have recently matched NASA's requests for commercial crew funding. So delays beyond 2017 are due to technical problems with the companies' designs and NASA's own management of the program. The issue of commercial crew delays is likely to be one of the first decisions that will confront a new administrator of NASA, given that there is no guarantee Boeing's Starliner of SpaceX's Crew Dragon vehicles will be ready to fly two years from now. How will he or she explain this to Congress? SLS and Orion For the last six years, NASA and Congress have been in lock step about the future of the agency, touting construction of the large Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft for deep space exploration. But there has been a dawning realization that a space program predicated on a flight rate of once per year will be difficult to sustain. With the possible launch of SpaceX's Falcon Heavy rocket this year, some members of the Trump administration's transition team are also asking questions about the need for NASA to build a heavy lift rocket on its own, at a cost of about $10 billion. Further ReadingNASA realizes SLS and Orion are too expensive, opens door to competitors There are also rumors about potential delays with the first launch of the SLS rocket, which will propel an Orion spacecraft around the Moon in a flight known as Exploration Mission 1. Some of the problems cannot be blamed on NASA, as they stem from slower-than-anticipated development of Orion's service module by the European Space Agency. But it is also conceivable that the agency will run into problems when it integrates the various components of the SLS rocket—its core tanks, the side-mounted boosters, and upper stage—for tests later this year and in early 2018. NASA has told Congress for several years now that Exploration Mission 1 would launch in September, 2018. However there is now a very real possibility that this demonstration mission will slip into at least early 2019. That is the same year yet another privately developed heavy lift rocket, Blue Origin's New Glenn, could begin launching, raising further questions about the need for NASA's own hardware. Eric Berger Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston. Email eric.berger@arstechnica.com // Twitter @SciGuySpace reader comments 67 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments50+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turnopinion How business can survive the know-nothing politics of populism The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin January 5 Follow @JRubinBlogger Cleveland. (Mark Duncan/Associated Press) Josh Bolten, who served in the White House under President George W. Bush as chief of staff and director of the Office of Management and Budget, was just named head of the Business Roundtable, which its website describes as “an association of chief executive officers of leading U.S. companies working to promote sound public policy and a thriving U.S. economy.” More impressive that the $6 trillion in annual revenue of its member companies is the nearly 15 million employees who work for the chief executives. This is a big cross-section of America. We normally wouldn’t remark upon a new head of a trade association, especially the Business Roundtable, which has been much less visible than other pro-market, pro-growth advocacy groups lately. But Bolten arrives at a precipitous moment for business, the start of Donald Trump’s presidency. Trump intends to slap tariffs on goods from China, round up and deport 11 million people and hector companies to keep jobs in the country or face his wrath. He has already threatened Boeing with cancellation of two new Air Force One airplanes, lit into General Motors and vowed to impose a border tax for cars manufactured in Mexico, and taken credit for saving 5,000 Sprint jobs (which actually had been “saved” before the election). Stepping back for a moment, the problems for business go beyond Trump’s day-to-day antics. Public support for trade agreements has collapsed. Americans swayed by xenophobic demagogues think immigrants steal our jobs. As with many institutions, big business has lost the confidence of the vast majority of Americans. Only 18 percent, according to Gallup, say they have “a great deal” or “quite a lot”  of confidence in big business. Only Congress does worse (9 percent) among the 14 institutions listed. So Bolten and his CEO members have their work cut out for them. Bolten, no doubt, is getting lots of suggestions, but here are a few that might help promote policies that favor growth, a dynamic economy, higher wages and integration, not rejection, into the modern, global economy. First, he and his members need to start defending trade, high-skilled immigration and globalization. These have helped lift billions out of poverty, given Americans the widest array of affordable goods any people in human history have ever enjoyed, stimulated phenomenal innovation, and allowed Americans to increase their earnings and wealth by selling their goods around the world. Unfortunately, Republicans have lost their nerve to defend these simple truths and the free-market policies that made them possible. Even those who know better refuse to defend these elements, which are at the heart of a free-market economy. (Groups such as Heritage Action are fair-weather friends of capitalism, refusing to rise in defense of trade or immigration for fear of losing favor with Trumpkins.) If business and its employees don’t do it, who is going to make the case for the building blocks on which American industry and workers rely? That brings us to the next point: The employees of companies that compete in the global economy depend upon trade, high-skilled immigration and globalization for their livelihood. They are the ones most likely to be hurt (along with consumers) if populist policies are enacted. The failure to make the connection between the livelihood of those 15 million people working for Business Roundtable companies and tens of millions who work for other companies that must compete globally has been a great failure of business and free-market conservatives. The rich (like Trump) don’t need a thriving, dynamic, globally integrated economy to be prosperous; these workers do. Their voices have been almost entirely absent from the debate that seems to rage between blue collar, less educated Americans who have fared poorly in the 21st-century economy and nebulous “elites.” Where is everyone else? We should be hearing from them, learning how they have navigated the 21st century and why “populism” isn’t going to help people like them at all. Third, as long as the federal government is dysfunctional (for the foreseeable future) business will need to attend to functions normally thought to be the responsibility of the public sector — K-12 education, higher education, lifetime worker training, anti-poverty measures, and even urban violence stemming from encounters between the police and minority communities. If business wants an educated workforce, prosperous consumers and safe places for its employees to live and for it to do business it is going to have to roll up its sleeves and recommit to what we used to call “corporate citizenship.” A great deal of this is already going on. Businesses “adopt” schools, fund research, provide constant training and often educational grants to their employees and more. Every museum, concert hall and sports stadium built in the past few decades has a long list of corporate sponsors. These will need to increase. Public-private partnerships can be the vehicle for everything from support for charter schools to mentor programs that combat truancy to library and community athletic programs. Business will need to scale up their programs and systematically commit to developing a 21st-century workforce. And finally, business can voluntarily sign onto to a host of initiatives that focus on the working poor, upward mobility and social justice. We have already seen Walmart agree to increase its minimum wage; other retailers, such as Target, followed suit. IKEA announced last year it was offering “four months paid parental leave to its U.S. workers of all genders, whether they’re salaried or hourly — and irrespective of whether they’re becoming parents via birth, adoption, or fostering.” The Human Rights Campaign reports that 517 companies have gotten perfect scores on its rating for LGBT employee policies. These companies did not do these things out of the goodness of their hearts; they did so out of a sense of enlightened self-interest. They need healthy, economically secure employees (who are also their customers). They want to get and retain the best workers. They, in essence, have developed their own social contracts with employees that go above and beyond what is legally required. Every single Business Roundtable member company should do the same — and then challenge the rest of the Fortune 500 to do so. If employers do not want to be thrashed by the new president, see their markets and employment pool dry up, operate in violent and wretched cities or lose a skilled workforce that will carry them through the next century, they better not be passive. Markets and skilled workers don’t magically appear and renew themselves; they must be fostered and maintained. Corporate citizenship and private social contracts are not a substitute for government. Of course, not everyone works for a big company with resources to do this, but some of what we are recommending should benefit non-employees as well — the families of employees and the communities and schools in the places they operate. Moreover, a more activist business community focused on working and middle-class prosperity may begin to change the mind-set of the country by demonstrating we all do rise or sink together. Very simply, if big business wants to survive Trump and change the way it is viewed, it better take on important tasks that are visible to the country at large. Otherwise, they’ll feel the wrath of Trump and his angry minions. opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 50+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 56 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Opinion Trump’s attack on John Lewis is the essence of narcissism 2 Opinion Stop obsessing over ‘secrets’ about Trump and Russia. What we already know is bad enough. 3 Opinion Trump could cause ‘the death of think tanks as we know them’ 4 Opinion Trump could transform America’s relationship with China. Here’s how. 5 Opinion What Obama deserves credit for — and doesn’t Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Petrol prices hit 18-month high and will rise further, RAC warns drivers Rising oil costs and the pound's weakness against the dollar have combined Ben Chapman Thursday 5 January 2017 14:57 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Pump prices had been kept low by a prolonged period of oil oversupply; that is now over istock/ gremlin Fuel bills are at their highest in 18 months with drivers of diesel cars are paying £10 more to fill up a tank and petrol customers are shelling out £8 more.  Petrol has hit £1.17 per litre and diesel £1.20, with both set to rise further over the year, the RAC warned in its latest Fuel Watch report.  Unusually, supermarkets hiked pump prices by the most in December, the RAC found. The big stores normally offer discounts to lure shoppers into buying other goods while they fill up. Read more Opec may have done the world a good turn for once Drivers had enjoyed low prices after oil more than halved in price during 2014. Oversupply thanks to shale oil from the United States and a glut of oil from the Opec cartel of producing countries, combined with weak demand in a stuttering global economy had kept prices in a slump. A barrel of Brent crude dropped to $27 in January last year but has now rebounded to $56 as Opec has slashed production. Motorists have been hit by an additional squeeze from the pound’s 18 per cent drop against the dollar - oil is priced in the US currency, increasing fuel costs further. Read more UK petrol prices to rise after Opec deal cuts oil production Opec has agreed to cut oil production in 'historic agreement' Opec's production cut sends oil price higher. But it might not last There could be further pain in store after British businesses reported unprecedented price pressures on Thursday. The British Chambers of Commerce said the number of firms expecting to increase prices in the next three months is higher than at any time in 20 years. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said future fuel prices now depend on the outcome of an international deal on oil production levels currently being thrashed out. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty "Russia will be of particular interest as it is currently producing at near record levels. "We are optimistic that prices will not increase by another 3p a litre in January based on what's going on with oil and wholesale fuel now, but if in the months ahead the barrel price was to get nearer to $60 and the pound was to weaken further then that would be the worst possible combination for motorists. "Our current forecast for the next two weeks is for petrol to be around the 118p mark and for diesel to go up to around 121p a litre." More about: OPEC oil price Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business Are Trump tweets changing plans for US automakers' factories? The president-elect went after General Motors on Twitter hours before Ford, a frequent target of criticism by Trump, announced it would scrap its plans for a new plant in Mexico.  Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE General Motors CEO Mary Barra talks about the new 2016 Chevy Cruze vehicle at the Filmore Theater in Detroit, Michigan, June 24, 2015. Trump slammed General Motors' production of some Cruze compact cars in Mexico on Twitter Tuesday. Rebecca Cook/Reuters | Caption Ben Rosen Staff | @Benji_Rosen January 4, 2017 —The @realDonaldTrump was at it again Tuesday, threatening in 140 characters to impose a border tax on the Chevrolet Cruze cars General Motors manufactures in Mexico. An early morning Twitter post sent GM shares on a 1 percent tumble before the market opened, although they rebounded to close up, at $35.15 by the end of Tuesday.  The tweet came hours ahead of an announcement that Ford Motor Company has halted plans to build in Mexico a $1.6 billion assembly plant, a repeated target of Mr. Trump in his criticism of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between the United States, Mexico, and Canada. Instead, Ford said Tuesday it now plans to invest $700 million in a Michigan factory to build new electric, hybrid, and autonomous vehicles. General Motors, the nation’s largest automaker, became the latest American manufacturer Tuesday caught in the crosshairs of Mr. Trump’s Twitter account. The president-elect has slammed Ford, United Technologies, The Boeing Company, and Lockheed Martin on social media since he was elected Nov. 8. In doing so, Trump has already inserted himself into corporate affairs more than his predecessors in the White House, experts say. But it’s unclear how his direct criticism of one automaker, be it GM or Ford, could affect the industry as a whole. It’s unlikely one tweet will force a manufacturer to scrap months of planning, since any change in vehicle production would require a carmaker to build a brand new facility. But it could lead to different forms of rhetoric among those in Detroit, says Nathan Jensen, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin who has studied the relationship of businesses and governments. How much do you know about the auto industry's future? A “company could think of ways to allow an administration to claim some credit for the opening of new factories,” Professor Jensen tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interivew. Conversely, Ford and GM have each gone on the defensive against Trump.   On Tuesday, an Android phone (an indication Trump may have authored the post himself) tweeted “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across boarder. Make in U.S.A. or pay big border tax!”  General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 3, 2017 The president-elect did not provide further details. But General Motors promptly responded, publishing a brief statement on its website. The automaker said it manufactures the Cruze sedan in Lordstown, Ohio, and builds the hatchback version in Mexico “for global markets” “with a small number sold in the US.” According to Automative News, GM began to produce the Cruze in Mexico last year, making 52,631 cars there. In comparison, it built 319,536 of them in the US. Previous versions of the Cruze sold in Mexico were made in a GM facility in South Korea. “In this case, the tweet was specific to General Motors,” said Trump transition team spokesman and incoming press secretary Sean Spicer. “But I think you've seen an overall philosophy during the campaign and since he was elected to stand up for American workers and make sure that American companies don't benefit from moving their companies overseas and leaving American workers behind.” Trump’s tweet also came hours ahead of Ford’s announcement it would cancel its plans for the $1.6 billion factory in Mexico in favor of a $700 million factory in Michigan. Ford chief executive Mark Fields said the decision to cancel the new plant was, in part, related to the company’s need to “fully utilize capacity at existing facilities” amid declining sales of small and medium-sized cars such as the Focus and Fusion. Mr. Fields also endorsed “pro growth” tax and regulatory policies expected under the Trump administration and a Republican Congress. But a Ford source told Reuters the company’s decision was directly influenced by Trump’s policy goals such as lowering taxes and regulations. During his presidential campaign, Trump pledged that, if elected, he would not allow Ford to build the assembly plant in Mexico. He said Ford’s plan was an “absolute disgrace,” and threatened to slap a tariff of 35 percent on imported Ford cars. But Ford’s actions appear to be as much about the shifting auto market as policies under Trump. Small-car sales have been hurt by shifting consumer demands and low gas prices. In fact, a trend among Detroit’s Big Three automakers has been to produce smaller cars in Mexico while taking advantage of higher-paid US workers to build more profitable, trucks, SUVs and luxury cars. Dr. Jensen at the University of Texas at Austin related Ford’s announcement to company’s relationships with governors. In a 2013 paper, Jensen and his colleagues published findings from a nationwide internet survey that suggested that a firm crediting a governor with its expansion can be politically beneficial to a governor's future campaign to remain in office. "Our findings illustrate a critical political benefit of offering such [tax] incentives," they write in the abstract. "Politicians can use these incentives to take credit for investment flowing into their districts and to minimize the political fallout when investors choose to locate elsewhere." Trump has also inserted himself into the aircraft manufacturing industry, sending company’s stocks briefly dropping in the process. In December, he attacked Boeing on Twitter for what he alleged were excessive costs to build two different Air Force One planes. Trump also twice used Twitter to slam Lockheed Martin’s development of the F-35, saying he asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet “based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns” of the F-35. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × But the Monitor’s Laurent Belsie warned that Trump’s intervention in corporate affairs could backfire. Trump runs several risks by taking so personal a role in intervening in the economy. Like Obama and all presidents before him, Trump’s reputation will rest, at least in part, on the future direction of the economy. If it grows, his deals – while criticized and praised now along mostly party lines – will look prescient; if the economy falters, they will be viewed as failure This report contains material from Reuters.  Print/Reprints Next Up Test your knowledge How much do you know about the auto industry's future? By Olivia Lowenberg Disrupter-in-chief: How Trump has made us rethink everything By Linda Feldmann To figure out his tweets, understand Trump By Laurent Belsie Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AUTOMOTIVES January 16, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy9 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump future The 29th edition of the show will showcase the prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday Image Credit: Bloomberg Members of the media view the Honda Motor Co. Acura Precision concept vehicle after the debut at the 2016 North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) in Detroit, Michigan. Published: 16:36 January 5, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE CHICAGO: The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump’s public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, before the show’s public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticise corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. NAFTA and the US economy “We’ve never experienced anything quite like this,” said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly cancelled or changed. “We’ve never gone in this direction, not in recent history,” he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers “will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA.” An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump’s criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion (Dh5.8 billion) plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. “It’s literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that [Trump] has been outlining and that’s why we’re making this decision to invest here in the US,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant’s Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasising that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Centre, a Washington think tank. “The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality” of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalisation, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. “Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk,” he said. Full automation? Not yet With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show’s more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 per cent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google’s self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. “The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market” with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. “Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production,” Jefferies & Co tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. “There’s going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers,” Krebs said. Highly-skilled workforce An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. “Consumers want more and more driver assist technology,” she said, “and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving” cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labour force training and other services for displaced workers. “They’re going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA,” to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. More from Automotives Dubai nails best Rolls-Royce dealer mantle Takata agrees to guilty plea Trump team hints auto border tax may hit Canada Fiat Chrysler accused of cheating on emissions Renault shares slide as France probes emissions Toyota adds 543,000 vehicles to air bag recalls Six things learnt at the Detroit auto show Toyota president meets Pence tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNVolkswagen follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsAutomotives tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNVolkswagen follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Dubai nails best Rolls-Royce dealer mantle 02Trump team hints auto border tax may hit Canada 03Takata agrees to guilty plea Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Tour of the DWTC kitchens May 18, 2015 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Speeding driver crashes into parked car, dies Revealed: World's most powerful passports 9 ways your own home could kill you Mum reunited with abused baby in Saudi Arabia Dubai retail developers prepare for mega year Businessman donates Dh370m to charity Mohammad Bin Zayed visits UAE ambassador Revealed: Top 25 universities in the world Female Indonesian workers come to UAE Close Recommended For You 8 men own half of global wealth: OxfamPUBLISHED ON Jan 16, 2017 Trump trashes Nato, eyes Russia nuke dealPUBLISHED ON Jan 16, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Global Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market 2017 : Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, CAE, Thales, FlightSafety, CSTS Dinamika, Kratos Military Aerospace Simulation and Training The report delivers in-detail study of the “Global Military Aerospace Simulation and Training Market” done by our qualified researchers. The estimated growth rate based on deep analysis provides an in-depth information of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market and its performance over the forecast period. The report presents comprehensive data that projects precise valuation and size of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry in coming future. The Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market report focuses on the growth factors and restraints that are responsible for the progress of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry. Download Sample Copy Of Report : bit.ly/2jdhx9S Major Manufacturers Covered in this research are Boeing Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman CAE Thales FlightSafety CSTS Dinamika Kratos L-3 Communications Rockwell Collins Textron BAE Systems Rheinmetall Bluesky Moreget The report also highlights the latest trend respective to new technology and developments and various growth prospects that are projected to grow in the future. The report includes future-based predictions, which is an output of well-researched data using analytics and techniques. This in turn gives a clear view of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market augmentation during the forecast period. The report presents in-depth segmentation of the global Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry based on end-users, Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market application, product type, technology, and its various methods. In addition, the report includes individual study of every segment and their future growth perspectives. The Military Aerospace Simulation and Training market report comprises integrated and applicable data fetched from authorized sources to identify the growth of the relative sectors worldwide. Enquire Here : bit.ly/2idYbO2 The worldwide Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry report also provides an overall summary of the major key players and their manufacturing techniques with statistical data and depth analysis of the products, contribution, and revenue. The deep study of demand and need analysis will enable the user to identify the future demand of the Military Aerospace Simulation and Training industry. Report highlights ongoing development to meet the future needs based on technological aspects, reliable, cost-efficient, and environment-friendly solution. About Us : Business worldwide are a trusted brand in the research industry with capability of commissioning complex projects within a short span of time with high level of accuracy. At Business worldwide, we believe in building long term relations with our clients. Our services cover a broad spectrum of industries including Energy, Chemicals and Materials, Automotive and Aerospace. Contact Us : Business Worldwide United States This release was published on openPR. Tagsmajor, military Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Multilayer Blown Films Market: High Film Strength & Puncture Resistance Provides Additional Strength for Packaging Next PostNext Do You Have News to Share? Get It Published. Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 January 20175 January 2017 by Southwest Airlines Adds New Destinations In The U.S. & Caribbean, And Brings Additional Nonstop Service To Cities From Coast To Coast DALLAS, Jan. 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) is announcing plans to bring its iconic brand, low fares, and exceptional Customer Service to Cincinnati and Grand Cayman (subject to requisite governmental approvals) beginning June 4, 2017. “Bringing Southwest to Cincinnati not only answers a call from our new community and corporate partners for key nonstop service and broad network access with more affordable fares but also now gives our more than 110 million annual Customers access to a full complement of the top 50 markets across the contiguous 48 states,” said Dave Harvey, Southwest Airlines’ Managing Director of Business Development. “The addition of Cincinnati is yet another example of how we are connecting communities across the nation with our unmatched schedule and network, full-sized Boeing 737s, and Customer-friendly policies that you’ll only find at Southwest.” Southwest Comes to Cincinnati From Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport (CVG), the carrier initially will offer nonstop service to Chicago (Midway) and Baltimore/Washington allowing Cincinnati travelers to utilize Southwest’s all-Boeing 737 fleet to access many of the more than 100 destinations Southwest serves across the United States, Caribbean, and Latin America. Fares are available for as low as $49 one-way between Cincinnati and Baltimore and between Cincinnati and Chicago Midway!* (Purchase today through Jan. 26, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Domestic travel is valid daily June 4 through Aug. 14, 2017.  Domestic travel blacked out June 30 through July 9, 2017. Full terms and conditions are below.) Southwest remains focused on providing the best service pattern for Ohio travelers. The airline is adding new nonstop service between Cleveland and Atlanta with low fares starting as low as $69 one-way.* (Purchase today through Jan. 26, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Travel is valid daily June 4 through Aug. 14, 2017. Domestic travel blacked out June 30 through July 9, 2017. Full terms and conditions are below.)  Additionally, the carrier will add a second daily flight between Cleveland and St. Louis. The carrier announced service to airports in both Akron–Canton and Dayton, Ohio, will end June 3, 2017. Employees in those cities have been offered other opportunities within Southwest. Focus on Florida: New International Destinations Southwest is investing heavily throughout Florida, growing its domestic and international reach to meet the demands of its Customers. Today, in cooperation with Broward County, Florida, Southwest is beginning a six-month countdown to the opening of a new international concourse, known as Concourse A, at Terminal 1 at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport by significantly increasing its international flight schedule for South Florida to a total of eight international nonstop destinations. The carrier today also filed an application with the U.S. Department of Transportation to serve Owen Roberts International Airport on Grand Cayman daily from Fort Lauderdale beginning June 4, 2017, provided the service receives requisite governmental approvals. On the same date, the carrier expects to begin operations from the new five gate international concourse, offering new daily international nonstop service from Fort Lauderdale to Montego Bay, Belize, and Cancun, alongside existing service to three cities in Cuba—Havana, Varadero, and Santa Clara–as well as Nassau, The Bahamas. Southwest will also add daily, intra-Florida service nonstop between Fort Lauderdale and Orlando as well as new daily nonstop service between Fort Lauderdale and Washington D.C. (Dulles), daily service between Fort Lauderdale and Philadelphia, twice daily service between Tampa and New York LaGuardia, and weekend nonstop service between Pensacola and Denver. In celebration of this new service to South Florida, Southwest Customers may travel from Fort Lauderdale to: West Coast Service Throughout California, the carrier continues adding to its already unmatched schedule and robust network. On June 4, 2017, the carrier is adding new nonstop service between Portland, Ore. and San Francisco, between San Jose and Reno, and seasonal nonstop service between Oakland and New York via Newark. The  carrier will also add new nonstop service between San Diego and Boise, and between San Diego and Salt Lake City, and seasonal nonstop service between San Diego and Newark, Spokane, and Indianapolis. In celebration of new service in the West, Southwest Customers may travel for as low as: Other Midwest Updates Also on June 4, 2017, the carrier is adding new nonstop flights between New York via Newark and Indianapolis, and between Nashville and Minneapolis. The carrier is currently planning to grow its 2017 available seat miles (ASMs) approximately 3.5 percent, as compared with 2016. To take advantage of low fares and new flights, travelers may book trips now at Southwest.com. FARE TERMS & CONDITIONS *For fares to/from Cincinnati; between San Diego and Boise; San Diego and Salt Lake City; San Francisco and Portland, Ore.; San Jose, Calif. and Reno; and Cleveland and Atlanta: Purchase from today through Jan. 26, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Domestic travel is valid June 4 through Aug. 14, 2017.  Domestic travel blacked out June 30 – July 9, 2017.  Domestic travel is valid Daily. Fares are valid only on domestic, nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. government taxes and fees. Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Fares are not available to/from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines® combinable fares. If combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. **For fares from Fort Lauderdale: Purchase from today through Jan. 26, 2017, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Domestic travel is valid June 4 through Aug. 14, 2017. International travel valid June 6 through Aug. 9, 2017. Domestic travel is blacked out June 30 – July 9, 2017.  Domestic travel is valid only on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. International travel is valid only on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Fares are valid only on nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. If traveling to Cuba fares include Cuban Government mandatory health insurance. Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one-way flight. Fares are not available to/from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines® combinable fares. If combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare’s rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel may require an upgrade to the Anytime fare depending on Tier status. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. If traveling to Cuba, every passenger must certify that they are eligible to travel to Cuba under one of 12 general license categories, a specific license or are a Cuban National. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Specific forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to the Company’s anticipated service offerings and fares and network and capacity plans, opportunities, and expectations. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in or indicated by them. Factors include, among others, (i) the impact of economic conditions, consumer behavior, fuel prices, actions of competitors (including without limitation pricing, scheduling, and capacity decisions and consolidation and alliance activities), and other factors beyond the Company’s control, on the Company’s business decisions, plans, and strategies; (ii) the Company’s ability to timely and effectively maintain the necessary information technology systems and infrastructure to support its operations and initiatives; (iii) the impact of governmental regulations and other governmental actions related to the Company’s operations; and (iv) other factors, as described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2015. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually.  Southwest proudly operates a network of 101 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season. Subject to requisite governmental approvals, service to Grand Cayman begins June 4, 2017. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity.  That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look:  Heart.  A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as “The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets.  With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co. Tagsaircraft, carrier, commission, company, fleet, fort, general, major, section, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Newly Certified G.hn Products on Show at CES 2017 Next PostNext B Hotels & Resorts Unveils Multi-Million Dollar Renovation Of B Ocean Resort, Fort Lauderdale Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 圣路易斯华盛顿大学将举办老龄化问题大型论坛；在上海举行的论坛将聚集大中华区大学研究合作伙伴，讨论应对前所未有的全球性社会挑战 16 January 2017 聖路易斯華盛頓大學將舉辦高齡化問題大型論壇；在上海舉行的論壇將聚集大中華區大學研究合作夥伴，討論因應前所未有的全球性社會挑戰 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Insurers, not lawyers, are the bad guys when it comes to whiplash Consultations close tomorrow on reforms that will deny justice to thousands of innocent motorists caught up in accidents that are no fault of their own James Moore @JimMooreJourno Thursday 5 January 2017 13:20 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Careful motorists will suffer through insurers pushing a whiplash crackdown Getty Whiplash, eh. It’s all a big con, pushed by ambulance chasing lawyers at the expense of innocent motorists who pay higher insurance premiums as a result.  Well that’s at least what the insurance industry would have you believe. The reality, as I can testify having been a victim of road accidents, is rather different.  Accidents are hideous things. Whiplash hurts like hell. It can require physiotherapy to put right. It can sometimes require a lot more than that.  Read more Insurers, tax, whiplash victims, and how to hit back Insurers mislead public with £40 car insurance whiplash saving claim This Ukip official thinks the Taliban are running a whiplash insurance When it is caused by someone else, you should be compensated. It’s a simple matter of justice. But insurance companies aren’t too keen on justice. What’s justice when set against the interest of the shareholders and bonus driven executives? The industry has pumped time, effort and money into a campaign, led by the Association of British Insurers, that has pushed for legal reforms that would deny compensation and legal advice to whiplash victims. It has put forward the dubious argument of an “epidemic” of false whiplash claims while slyly neglecting to mention that insurers could fight the dubious ones but often fail to do so. Far more preferable to get the Government to eliminate the problem for them.  To help garner support, the industry has claimed that a package of reforms that the Ministry of Justice has put on the table  will save the average motorist £40 on premiums.  So here’s a question, if that looks good to you. Why is an industry not known for its altruism putting so much effort into supposedly saving its customers money?  Could it be that the reforms won’t so much save motorists money as they will fatten the industry’s profit margins? Could that possibly be a rather better explanation for the industry’s keen interest in shafting the genuine victims of road accidents in the process of dealing with an “epidemic” that there is little in the way of hard evidence for.   Read more Insurers playing cynical game over whiplash as Government mulls reform Government consultations close tomorrow on the reforms. They would see pay outs capped at £400. Under the proposals people who have been the victims of accidents that are no fault of their own will also face the added stress of going through the smalls claims court for any claim worth less than £5,000. Claims which won't just involve whiplash but a lot of other injuries besides.  There will be no lawyer available unless you pay for one, and (as I can again testify) a lawyer is your best friend in the event of an accident when even your own insurer might not prove to be terribly helpful. As for the significant number of victims who develop serious problems through “low value” accidents? Tough.  Far from helping the ordinary motorist what these reforms serve to do is to kick the careful driver at the expense of both the bad ones and their greedy insurers.  By the way, there are no plans for any independent oversight of the industry’s promise to pass on that alleged £40 saving. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty Premiums have actually been rising since the last lot of industry favourable reforms three years ago.  The industry’s own figures show that some £5.8bn was paid out in motor claims in 2015 against £8.3bn in 2010, a fall of 30 per cent. Yet the cost of motor insurance premiums started to rise at the end of 2013.  The MoJ’s reforms won’t save you money. They will save the industry money. Ambulance chasing lawyers? Perhaps we ought to rephrase that to “ambulance chasing insurers”. It isn’t the lawyers that are the bad guys here.  More about: Whiplash car insurance Association of British Insurers Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Google faces US government contract ban unless it reveals how much employees get paid Labour Department says the demand is designed to ensure company isn't discriminating against workers based on gender or race Michael Liedtke Thursday 5 January 2017 12:35 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The US Labour Department is trying to bar Google from doing business with the federal government unless the internet company turns over confidential information about thousands of its employees. The potential banishment is being sought in a Labour Department lawsuit filed Wednesday with the Office of Administrative Law Judges. The complaint alleges that Google has repeatedly refused to provide the Labour Department with employee compensation records and other information as part of an audit designed to ensure the company isn't discriminating against workers based on gender or race. Read more Google cut £2.9bn off its 2015 tax bill using 'Dutch Sandwich' trick The review of how Google pays the thousands of workers at its Mountain View, California, headquarters is allowed under decades-old laws regulating US government contractors. Google has struck a series of deals with various federal government agencies during the past decade, including a digital advertising agreement cited by the Labour Department that has generated more than $600,000 for the company since June 2014, according to the complaint. That amount is a pittance for Google, whose revenue has surpassed $130bn during the same span. If Google doesn't comply with all its demands, the Labour Department wants a legal order that would void all of the company's current federal government contracts and block future deals. Read more Google publishes eight secret FBI requests Google results claim that the Holocaust didn't happen Google employees confess what they hated most about working at Google In a statement, Google said it has provided hundreds of thousands of records in an attempt to comply with the Labour Department's requests, but has rebuffed some of the agency's demands as "overbroad" and an invasion of employee privacy. Like most other big technology companies, Google for the past few years has been posting breakdowns of its workforce that show most of its computer programmers and other high-paid employees in technical jobs are white and Asian men. The disclosures have become a source of embarrassment for Google and its technology industry peers, who have repeatedly acknowledged they need to do more to hire women, blacks and Hispanics. "We're very committed to our affirmative action obligations, and to improving the diversity of our workforce, and have been very vocal about the importance of these issues," Google reiterated in its response to the Labour Department's lawsuit. Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty But Google, which is part of Alphabet Inc., and other tech companies so far have only been disclosing the types of jobs held by the two genders and different races without providing specifics about the salaries in different employment categories. It is well known, though, that programmers and engineers who write the coding for technology products and services are among the highest paid workers besides the companies' executives. The Labour Department maintains that Google agreed to submit to a higher level of scrutiny when it decided to do business with federal agencies funded by taxpayers. "Like other federal contractors, Google has a legal obligation to provide relevant information requested in the course of a routine compliance evaluation," said Thomas Dowd, acting director of the Labour Department's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. AP More about: Google Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Why a Defense Analyst Likes Raytheon and General Dynamics Merrill Lynch’s Ron Epstein sees growth for defense spending. Wary of prospects for commercial jets. By Leslie P. Norton Biography January 2, 2017 Ron Epstein wrote his doctoral dissertation at Duke University on aerospace engineering, and then worked as an applied research scientist at Boeing at a time when early iterations of today’s F-35 fifth-generation stealth fighter were just coming together. He later decided to study the aerospace business, picking up an M.B.A. at Wharton and joining Merrill Lynch as an analyst in 2001. At Merrill, Epstein, now 49, was dubbed Rocket Ron, for his appreciation of the dynamics driving defense and commercial aerospace shares,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Persimmon says its homes are very affordable. Does that stack up? Putting the details of an average family into NatWest’s mortgage calculator suggests otherwise James Moore @JimMooreJourno Thursday 5 January 2017 09:57 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Are these new Persimmon homes as ‘very affordable’ as the company says they are Rex “Buying a new-build home remains a compelling choice supported by competitive mortgage offers which continue to make a new home purchase very affordable.” So said Persimmon Homes, on the back of its latest trading statement. An update that made the company the belle of the stock market ball. Revenues for 2016 were 8 per cent higher than in 2015 and the group completed 559 extra sales. Happy days for its investors.  But let’s take a closer look at that quote. Is an average Persimmon home really “very affordable”? Read more Persimmon reports soaring profits and ‘robust’ demand despite Brexit Persimmon boss warns politics 'getting in the way' of housebuilders Persimmon in call for green belt shake-up Now, the company said that its average selling price increased by 4 per cent to £206,700 in 2016. To put that in perspective, the median average British wage, which has been increasing at something more like 2 per cent per annum, stands at £28,200. To find out whether Persimmon’s average home is indeed very affordable to an average family (if there is such a thing) I created one of my own. The Smiths have £500 each on their credit cards (after Christmas) and they spend £100 a month on loan repayments. That makes their level of debt rather modest by British standards.   John Smith works full time earning £28,200. Jane Smith works two and a half days a week and makes half that on a pro rata basis. I haven’t factored in any child care costs because we’ll assume relatives help out.  Between them, they’ve scrimped and saved enough for a 10 per cent deposit which comes to £20,670. Feeding those details into NatWest’s handy mortgage calculator, I was told that they could borrow a maximum of £169,200. If Jenny Smith were to work three days a week, earning £16,920, that gets us to £180,400. That’s still just under £6,000 below what it would take to make Persimmon’s average home barely, and not very, affordable.  It looks like Jane Smith will either have to take on more hours, or the family will have to save a bit more and hope that their savings catch up with the rise in average house prices. Perhaps they’ll get lucky and find a lender willing risk the wrath of its regulators to play ball with them. I’m sure Persimmon will be only too happy to point them in the right direction.  Business picture of the day 31 show all Business picture of the day 1/31 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 2/31 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 3/31 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 4/31 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 5/31 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 6/31 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 7/31 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 8/31 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 9/31 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 10/31 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 11/31 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 12/31 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 13/31 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 14/31 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 15/31 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 16/31 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 17/31 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 18/31 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 19/31 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 20/31 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 21/31 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 22/31 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 23/31 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 24/31 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 25/31 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 26/31 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 27/31 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 28/31 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. 29/31 Pound sterling value hits another new 31-year low against the dollar amid hard Brexit fears - Wednesday October 5 Sterling has continued its “slippery decline” as ongoing fears over the consequences of "hard Brexit" haunt investor attraction towards the currency. The currency has fallen below the “psychologically important” $1.27 level, down 0.3 per cent to $1.2695 in early trading on Wednesday, extending Tuesday’s selloff. AFP/Getty 30/31 Pound drops to 31-year low Against dollar on brexit concerns - Tuesday October 4 Sterling’s broke through its post-referendum low to reach levels not seen in over 30 years. sterling hit an intraday low of $1.2736 on Tuesday morning. That surpasses the post-referendum low of $1.2798 reached on the day after the vote, which was the lowest level seen since the mid-1980s. Getty 31/31 Philip Hammond ditches George Osborne's 15% corporation tax cut target - Monday October 3 Chancellor Philip Hammond has apparently rejected the plan of his predecessor George Osborne to slash corporation tax to just 15 per cent in the wake of the UK’s Brexit vote. In early July Mr Osborne said he wanted to push the levy on company profits to 15 per cent as a bold signal to global companies that the UK is still “open for business” despite the vote to leave the EU. In his speech to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham today, Mr Hammond made no reference to that 15 per cent goal, merely referencing the existing policy for the levy to decline to 17 per cent. AFP/Getty In the meantime, I’ve decided to re-write that quote to more accurately reflect the situation affecting people trying to get on to the housing ladder. Here’s what I came up with: “Buying a new-build home remains a compelling choice supported by competitive mortgage offers which continue to make a new home purchase just about affordable. If people cut a bit here, save a bit there, and make lots and lots of sacrifices in an over-heated property market, they should pop along to our sales office for a chat.” Of course, that doesn’t look so good atop your barnstorming trading statement touting a 4 per cent rise in average selling prices, which the city just loves and the non executive directors on the remuneration committee are sure to take note of when it comes to calculating executive bonuses and long term share awards. Things that make buying not just one but ten or twenty new Persimmon homes very affordable to rent out to people who aren’t in quite as fortunate a position as my average family and are facing life as near permanent tenants. Don’t you just love modern Britain? More about: PErsimmon Average house prices House prices Housebuilders Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Is Emirates Airline Running Out of Sky? It flies the fanciest product on the biggest planes on the longest routes. There might not be much more room to soar Dubai International runs at full speed 24 hours a day to help Emirates serve a network that spans from Buenos Aires to Christchurch, New Zealand. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek by Matthew Campbell @MattCampbel More stories by Matthew Campbell January 5, 2017, 12:01 AM EST From Subscribe Reprints In their fifth week of training, women hired as flight attendants at Emirates Airline spend a day in Dubai with Pamela Mizzi. A makeup artist from Malta who spent 12 years in the sky herself, Mizzi greets the students in a windowless instruction space about 20 feet across, lined on three sides by mirrors divided into vanities by bright roundels of light, like an old-timey dressing room. Her job is to teach the trainees how Emirates expects them to look. Female cabin crew, referred to invariably as “girls,” are to tie their hair back in tight buns, preferably secured by a scrunchie in Emirates-brand red. For makeup, a seven-step process is recommended, starting with foundation and concealer, then moving on to lipstick, also in preauthorized shades of crimson. At the back of Mizzi’s classroom are two display racks of Emirates-approved emollients for “body shaping,” “firming,” “wrinkle control,” and “luminosity.” “We have standards in regards to nail care,” Mizzi says. The same is true for weight. If a crew member looks too heavy, his or her superiors are to report their suspicions to a central fitness and nutrition department. “And they follow up,” she says. Little escapes scrutiny. By the time crew members reach Mizzi’s classroom, they have moved into Emirates-managed apartments with Emirates-imposed curfews, travel to work in Emirates-branded minibuses, and see Emirates-employed doctors at in-house Emirates clinics. The airline, which is based in Dubai and owned by its government, has become the world’s largest long-haul carrier by never relaxing its grip—on employees, on airplane manufacturers, or on its own ambitions. Emirates recently configured a plane to seat 615 passengers, a record, and flies the world’s most epic nonstop route, an 8,824-mile arc from Dubai to Auckland. Emirates is essentially the only buyer of the largest commercial airliner, the Airbus A380, which it gilds with stand-up cocktail bars and in-flight showers. For every flight departing Dubai, as cabin crew head to their airplanes, the last room they traverse is a hall with mirrors on one side and windows to the tarmac on the other. The space allows workers to inspect themselves for perfection against a backdrop of government-owned taxiways thick with Emirates jets. That’s the airline, in one image: glamour and ambition in a framework of absolute control. Since 1985, Emirates has grown from a two-plane operation at a desert airstrip into a force whose every movement rumbles through global aviation. The airline’s growth is inseparable from that of Dubai, with both straining the laws of financial and physical gravity. The company’s chairman is Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, the uncle of Dubai’s absolute monarch. He also runs the airport authority, the aviation regulator, and the city’s largest bank, should Emirates ever need a loan. Out in the desert, a half-hour drive from the coast’s skyscrapers and malls, the government is building a $32 billion, five-runway megahub precisely to Emirates’ specifications. Its ambitions are consonant with its name: Dubai World Central. The project will have a capacity of 220 million passengers per year, four times the number that New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport serves today. Two-thirds of humanity lives within the radius of an eight-hour flight. Among industry veterans, the airline’s rise inspires a respectful awe. “Emirates is unprecedented,” says Tony Tyler, a former chief executive officer of Hong Kong’s Cathay Pacific. “There’s never been anything as huge.” Flight attendant trainees are shown how to get the Emirates-compliant look. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek Yet as Emirates dictates new standards of technology, luxury, and range, it’s finding that more and more is beyond its mastery. Conceived as a titanic bet on the growth of what development economists call the Global South—the Middle East, Africa, South Asia, and Latin America—the airline is at risk if those emerging markets don’t, in fact, emerge. Emirates in May reported its first-ever annual revenue decline and is cutting some of its plans for growth amid slackening demand from sub-Saharan Africa, Turkey, and Brazil. The slump has industry analysts wondering how Emirates will fill the staggering number of planes it has on order. The company has agreed to buy 50 A380s and 174 Boeing 777s, adding to the 92 and 148, respectively, it currently flies. By comparison, British Airways operates 12 A380s, and American Airlines, Delta, and United have zero. The bigger threat may lie in the U.S., the world’s most lucrative travel market, where Emirates has been expanding aggressively. It flies to 11 cities, including Orlando, Boston, Seattle, and Dallas. Led by Delta, the U.S. Big Three are intensifying a lobbying campaign against Emirates and its smaller Persian Gulf rivals, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways, collectively the ME3, seeking to curtail their access to American airports unless “unfair subsidies” are eliminated. Their argument, that deep-pocketed foreigners are threatening American jobs by flooding the market with subsidized capacity, was once seen in business circles as a long shot—but it happens to resonate precisely with President-elect Donald Trump’s stated view of the world. Similar efforts are afoot in Europe. Those challenges may make the world less hospitable than ever to a company whose marketing projects a sunny globalism. With Trump and his ilk ascendant, one Emirates ad sums up a corporate ethos that feels increasingly at odds with the times: “Tomorrow thinks borders are so yesterday.” Supplies of plane parts for maintenance of Emirates aircraft. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek In 1984, Dubai was a backwater, one of the seven city-states that made up the fledgling United Arab Emirates, when its ruler, Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed al-Maktoum, and his son Mohammed decided to start an airline. With $10 million in seed capital and a couple of jets leased from Pakistan, Emirates was created a year later under the leadership of a pair of British expats, Maurice Flanagan and Tim Clark, initially serving regional destinations before making its first flights to London in 1987. Born in 1912, Rashid was fond of saying that while his father rode a camel, he drove a luxury Mercedes and his son drove a playboy’s Land Rover—but his great-grandson would be back on a camel unless Dubai, never as oil-rich as neighboring Abu Dhabi, found other sources of income. His vision was to turn the city into an entrepôt for the Middle East, an orderly hub for business and tourism—like Singapore, but drier (in every sense). Emerging from a rural society with a tiny native population, the face of this city would by necessity be foreign: Bangladeshis to build the skyscrapers, Filipinos to staff the restaurants, and Brits to run the management consulting firms. Wealthy Iranians, Egyptians, Saudis, and Indians would fill the condominiums and buy the yachts, using Dubai as neutral ground on which to play, work, and cut deals. The sheikhdom pioneered a model of the state as highly leveraged private equity firm, developing and owning ports, shopping malls, hotels, and, most important, a top-notch airline to bring the world to its door. Included in the new issue of Bloomberg Businessweek, Jan. 9-Jan. 15, 2017. Subscribe now. Courtesy Emirates While Emirates is adamant that it never received subsidies after its startup grant, there’s no question it’s operated in an environment that drives Western airlines mad with envy. For starters, Dubai won the geographic lottery. From a fuel and flight-time perspective, the Persian Gulf is the most efficient place on the planet to connect Europe with Southeast Asia and Australia, and the U.S. with India. Strikes and protests aren't an issue—unions are banned, and rights to free speech and assembly are severely limited. Corporate and income taxes are nil. And then there are the advantages of being the favored corporation of an absolute ruler whose word is literally law. Unlike Heathrow Airport and Los Angeles International, where the rights of nearby citizens to sleep without jet noise must be respected, Dubai International Airport runs at full speed 24 hours a day, allowing Emirates to optimize connection times for a network that spans from Buenos Aires to Christchurch, New Zealand. Keeping passengers coming back, not short-term cost containment, is the highest value. “We have never equated our investment into a dollar return,” Chief Operations Officer Adel Ahmad al-Redha, one of the airline’s most senior Emiratis, says over tiny glasses of sweet tea in his office at company headquarters, adjacent to the airport. “His Highness has always told us, ‘Build the right product.’ That’s the priority.” Sheikh Mohammed, who became Dubai’s ruler in 2006, is sometimes referred to by Emirates executives as simply “the shareholder,” emphasized with a brief upward glance. The ruling sheikhs are never far away. Partway through an interview with al-Redha, an assistant silently enters to place a yellow Post-it in his field of vision: “HH meeting at 10 a.m.” A few minutes later, al-Redha excuses himself. In a replica cabin, crews train to serve in first class. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek Such proximity to the levers of power has allowed Emirates to play hardball with opponents. In 2010, Canada rebuffed requests from the U.A.E. to allow Emirates and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad more landing rights in Toronto. The U.A.E. raged, abruptly closing its airspace to Canada’s defense minister while he was in midflight, which forced a diversion, and evicting Canadian troops from a Dubai base they were using to support combat in Afghanistan. Canadian visitors to the U.A.E. were slapped with visa requirements, including fees of as much as C$1,000 ($754), though the gambit backfired. Then-Prime Minister Stephen Harper told his ministers he wouldn’t allow soldiers to be used as a bargaining chip. Emirates’ landing rights still haven’t been increased. But almost everywhere else, the airline is flying at astonishing capacity. Nine Emirates A380s land in London every day, along with five in Bangkok and four at JFK. In South Africa, Johannesburg gets four daily 777s, Cape Town three, and Durban one. Daily flights to those three cities by U.S. carriers number one, zero, and zero. At Emirates headquarters, the wall to the left of Clark’s desk is covered by a world map about 8 feet high, its projection shifted a couple of turns from the orientation most Americans are used to. The result is to put the Persian Gulf in the center. “Lloyd Blankfein has sat in that chair and said, ‘I want that map on my wall,’ ” Clark says. (The Goldman Sachs CEO declined to comment.) To the right of Clark’s desk is a window with a commanding ninth-floor view of Emirates Terminal 3, a trio of silver, sausage-shaped concourses that collectively make up the world’s largest airport terminal. Emirates President Clark Courtesy Emirates Clark, 67, has spent more than 30 years at Emirates, taking on the role of president (the company’s equivalent of CEO) in 2003. After a peripatetic childhood, he got his start in the airline industry as a check-in agent for long-forgotten British Caledonian Airways. As one of Emirates’ first employees, he never experienced the cycles of contraction and retrenchment that have defined the careers of his contemporaries at Western carriers. He’s Emirates’ intellectual godfather, spokesman-in-chief, and enforcer, prone to gazing out over the airfield with binoculars and upbraiding subordinates for lapses. One executive tells of an occasion, years ago, when he was excitedly demonstrating a new procedure for washing airplanes. After listening politely, Clark licked his index finger and rubbed it, hard, on what appeared to be a gleaming fuselage. The digit came away covered in grime. The procedure was duly overhauled. Even the model airplanes that crowd Clark’s office are subject to his inspection. At one point during an interview, he stops to fret that the landing gear has fallen off a football-size plastic A380. Clark’s tenure has been defined by bold gestures, and he relishes recounting occasions when a seemingly doomed gamble went his way. He’s claimed credit for silencing naysayers who told him that reviving the Jet Age concept of an onboard bar, in Emirates’ case on the upper deck of the A380, would be an expensive folly that no passenger would bother using. (They very much do.) The same goes for the airborne showers in first class, requiring planes to take off with 2.2 metric tons of water, which Clark has said he had to “work conspiratorially” behind the backs of skeptical Airbus executives to develop. Since Clark took over, Emirates has several times set aircraft order records, culminating in a 2013 deal worth $99 billion at list prices. But apart from picking up two jets destined for a Japanese budget carrier that went bust, Emirates hasn’t bought a single plane since. With most viable routes already heavily served, the company has been forced to go farther afield to keep growing, pushing into ultralong-haul flights to the likes of Panama. Clark’s current mood is cautious, verging on somber: 2016 was “not a good year,” he says, and “I think ’17 could be even flatter, slightly worse.” Oil executives and bankers aren’t buying premium tickets like they used to; demand is plunging in sub-Saharan Africa; Syria, Libya, Tunisia, and, to a certain extent, even Turkey have fallen off the tourist map. These days, Emirates is as likely to reduce luxury as ramp it up. Some A380s are being flown without first class, in favor of more economy seats, and in September, Clark mused about introducing budget-carrier-style bag fees. In the airline’s last earnings announcement, in which fiscal first-half profit fell almost two-thirds, Sheikh Ahmed warned that “the bleak global economic outlook appears to be the new norm.” More broadly, Clark concedes that Emirates’ emergence as a boundary-pushing titan of global aviation was an outcome of an era that may now be at an end. “It is true that we are a product of the multilateralism, the liberalization of trade,” he says in his office, the lazy ballet of taxiing aircraft visible on the tarmac just over his left shoulder. On his desk, he’s kept a collection of British newspapers from June 24, the day after U.K. voters rejected the liberal order by voting to leave the European Union. “But are we going back to the ’30s? No, no, no. The man, the woman in the street has been exposed to the good things, irrespective of faith, creed, gender, nationality, sexuality, it doesn’t make any difference. Everybody’s out there,” he says. “They can see the world is open to them. And I’m hoping that kind of sense will prevail. Maybe I’m just being a little bit naive, overoptimistic.” He spoke on Oct. 26, 13 days before Trump’s election. Will It Be a ‘Borderless World’ for Emirates Under Trump? If there’s anywhere that will test Clark’s brand of optimism, it will be President Trump’s Washington. Generalized distrust of foreigners, particularly Muslim ones, and a determination to reopen long-settled trade deals were among the only common threads in his erratic campaign. The so-called Open Skies agreements that allow unlimited flights between the U.S. and the Persian Gulf present a rare confluence of Trump targets, giving new energy to a lobbying group formed in 2015 by Delta, American, and United, along with several industry unions, called the Partnership for Open & Fair Skies. The group claims the ME3 carriers have collectively received at least $42 billion in direct and indirect subsidies since 2004 and are twisting Open Skies deals to dump into the American market excessive capacity that wouldn’t be possible without government help. It argues that the trio’s growth is out of all proportion to the size of their home markets—a population smaller than Ohio’s, in the case of the U.A.E.—and can only be the result of unfair advantages. In Emirates’ case, the partnership pegs the 2004-14 subsidy figure at $6.8 billion, including $2.4 billion in fuel-hedging losses assumed by the Dubai government and $2.3 billion in subsidized airport charges. An additional $1.9 billion is the result, it says, of a “union ban resulting in below-market labor costs” and further unquantifiable benefits accrued from “exemption from competition laws” and the “absence of independent regulatory oversight.” Emirates disputes all of these figures and says U.S. airlines have received ample advantages of their own, notably via Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection that shielded them from creditors during restructuring efforts. As it also points out, U.S. carriers barely fly to India, Africa, or the Middle East, the main destinations to which it’s ferrying American passengers. The partnership’s stated goal is to persuade Washington to force the governments of the U.A.E. and Qatar to end the purported subsidies as the price for continued unrestricted access to the U.S. The debate has had some nasty moments. In a 2015 CNN interview, Delta’s then-CEO, Richard Anderson, noted that “terrorists from the Arabian Peninsula” were responsible for the U.S. airline industry’s post-Sept. 11 meltdown, which he called “a great irony.” (Anderson later apologized.) Delta also pulled its sponsorship of Atlanta’s historic Fox Theatre after Qatar Airways held an event there. “When you look at the fact that no U.S. carrier flies to the Gulf region and the ME3 have 30 flights a day to the U.S., how is that possible if not at the expense of U.S. jobs?” asks Ed Bastian, Delta’s current CEO. Gulf carrier flights that operate directly from Europe to the U.S., allowed under so-called fifth freedom rights, are a particular concern. While Emirates does so on just one route (Milan-New York), a significant expansion would threaten U.S. airlines’ trans-Atlantic cash cow. An A380 simulator beside a life-raft training pool. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek The partnership’s lobbying of the Obama administration was inconclusive, in part because not all U.S. players are on board. JetBlue Airways and Alaska Airlines, both of which code-share with Emirates, have said they prefer the status quo. Boeing has stayed neutral; Emirates is its largest customer, and Qatar and Etihad aren’t far behind. Bastian and other allies of the group, though, believe the new president will have their back. Trump “has expressed great care for American jobs and the impact of foreign subsidies on U.S. workers,” he says. “He has been very clear that free trade shouldn’t be at the expense of American jobs.” Adds Tim Canoll, the head of the Air Line Pilots Association, a partnership-supporting union: “The political stars are aligning.” The group has already begun discussions with Trump’s transition team, and it plans to increase its direct lobbying efforts as soon as cabinet and policy adviser positions are filled. If they’re successful, Emirates’ critics in Europe, particularly Lufthansa and Air France-KLM, are likely to revive their own attempts to throttle its expansion on that continent. For now access remains open, and Emirates is pushing deeper into the U.S. In December it began daily flights to, of all places, Fort Lauderdale. Clark says U.S. airports are eager to bring Emirates to their terminals despite any controversy; Denver, whose mayor recently led a delegation to meet with Emirates in Dubai, may be next. The partnership claims most ME3 flights to the U.S. lose money and are intended to crush competition by thronging the market with cheap seats. The experience of Australia’s Qantas Airways provides a cautionary tale. After trying and failing to compete with Gulf airlines on routes to Europe, losing hundreds of millions of dollars, Qantas in 2012 gave up and entered a comprehensive alliance with Clark. Most of its Europe-bound passengers are now booked on Emirates flights via Dubai. Still, airline watchers aren’t so sure about the U.S. partnership’s claims. Demand for flights to markets like India and Africa has grown significantly in the U.S., even in second-rung cities. “They’re not eating someone’s lunch,” John Strickland, a U.K. aviation consultant, says of Emirates. “They’ve created new lunch.” An Emirates A380 in for maintenance in Dubai. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek Emirates and its U.S. antagonists agree on one thing: The vast majority of Emirates’ passengers aren’t going to Dubai. Three in five fliers are connecting to somewhere else, and Dubai’s airport has been designed as a massive machine to facilitate their movements, a polished-stone fulcrum between Dar es Salaam and Guangzhou, Dallas and Dhaka. The bulk of flights arrive and depart in three “waves”: one from 2 to 4:30 a.m., another from 7 to 11 a.m., and a third from 1:30 to 4 p.m. Between those rushes the airport is eerily quiet, even in the operations center, the size of a hockey rink, where Emirates manages the flights. A giant central screen shows the location of every Emirates plane in the air. A thick, curved line of blue avatars is headed to and from Western Europe; a smaller cluster moves between Dubai and Africa; another inches toward East Asia. Far to the north, flights to Los Angeles and San Francisco are headed straight over the top of the world. To spend time on Planet Emirates is to be bombarded with reminders of the awesome scale of its operations, often proffered by staff who’ve worked there since the early days and remain mildly bewildered by what the company has become. The airline operates an industrial-size wine cellar in Burgundy, with 3.75 million bottles aging at any given time. Its flight kitchens are the largest in the world and make almost everything from scratch, from hummus to hamburgers, as well as 25,000 muffins a day. They incorporate what Emirates says is the world’s largest dishwashing operation, using 17 colossal machines to clean 3.5 million items daily. In case of a breakdown, 200,000 sets of cutlery are kept in reserve. Still, the strains of growth are apparent. The airport, which has only two runways and is hemmed in by development, can become severely congested at peak times, and the move to Dubai World Central is probably a decade away. On Skytrax, which aggregates customer reviews of airlines, Emirates gets an average of 6 out of 10 as fliers complain about inconsistent service across its sprawling network, a score lower than that of budget carrier EasyJet. (Skytrax nonetheless named Emirates its top airline of 2016, an award that draws on separate data.) Meanwhile, online forums for pilots and cabin crew are crowded with complaints from Emirates staff about what they say are excessive hours and inflexible policies. For example, female cabin crew who’ve been employed less than three years must leave their jobs if they become pregnant. Because virtually none are locals and Emirates issues their visas, that generally means leaving Dubai. After three years of employee service, maternity leave is available but largely unpaid, and it depends on the mother being married; giving birth out of wedlock is a crime in the U.A.E. Staff also complain about curfews and visitor restrictions in Emirates-administered housing, which human resources chief Abdulaziz al-Ali says are necessary because “we know a little more about this country than foreigners who come.” He insists that employees are happy—so much so, in fact, that “there is no reason for them to become unionized.” Cold starters are prepared for first-class flights. Photographer: Greg White for Bloomberg Businessweek Staff and passengers alike do have other options. Etihad and Qatar Airways are using the same geographic advantages to expand, cloning the “superconnector” model pioneered in Dubai. In Istanbul, an airport that may be as large as Dubai World Central is under construction and could eventually allow Turkish Airlines to become a global challenger. Then again, the superconnector model itself might fall apart. The proliferation of lighter, fuel-efficient jets such as the Boeing 787 are making long-haul routes between smaller cities economical, reducing the role for megahubs of all stripes. In the 70-odd years of large-scale commercial aviation, no airline has managed to stay on top for long. Pan Am was the last word in intercontinental glamour in its day, and its day came to an end. It’s a problem that Clark is clearly wrestling with as he contemplates his own retreat from the stage. He hasn’t yet set a date for his retirement but acknowledges it isn’t far off. No successor has been chosen yet. “If I was in my 40s, I’d make bloody sure that in 20 years Emirates was right there and never came down a notch. I’dkeep. Up. The pressure,” Clark says, pausing for emphasis. “Adapting and changing to do everything we need to do to align ourselves not with what the establishment requires us to do, but what the man in the street requires us to do … that’ll keep us there. If that doesn’t happen, they’ll be running around with lots of empty airplanes.” As Clark speaks, in the middle distance a crew of workmen moves gingerly across the roof of Terminal 3, washing away its accumulated coating of blown sand to reveal a skin of shining chrome. The procedure has to be repeated constantly. If it weren’t, the airport would eventually sink back beneath the dunes. —With Deena Kamel     Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
6.45 AM Monday, 16 January 2017 Home News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Classifieds Videos Pictures Bollywood Jobs Prayer Time Home News Emirates Advanced How aircraft engines are inspected to keep passengers safe By Staff Published Thursday, January 05, 2017 Have you ever wondered sitting in the window seat looking out to the engine of the aircraft, if it is okay and that it will reach you to your destination safely? Thousands of commercial aircraft fly passengers and goods to tens of thousands of destinations throughout the world every day. For the commercial aircraft carrying passengers and cargo in very harsh environments, the inspection and maintenance for safe operation are crucial. Periodic inspections of aircraft engines are mandatory by both manufacturers and regulatory authorities. How do you inspect inside the engine? “An aircraft engine is a very complex machine. But manufacturers have provided certain areas within the engine that have access ports to facilitate visual inspection with endoscopes,” says Maurice Faber, Regional Managing Director of Olympus Corporation. Olympus is a world leader in aviation endoscopes and works closely with industry leaders such as Boeing and Airbus among others. Similar to endoscopy for people, these high technology thin flexible tubes are inserted into the access port of an engine. The tube usually has a couple of optical cables, each of which may have up 50,000 optical fibers. The cables carry light and cameras to see inside the engines. “However, because of the complexity of the engine, there still are various difficulties an inspector may face when attempting to conduct an engine inspection precisely and in a timely manner,” Faber points out. Three key challenges Commercial jets are equipped with turbofan engines, which vary in size from small turbines for regional jets to large turbines for larger, inter-continental airliners. Furthermore, there are many different parts to be inspected within each engine, such as turbine blades, compressor blades and the combustion chamber. It is important when conducting a smooth and accurate inspection, to choose the optimal endoscope and related accessories by engine type and engine part. “At Olympus, we use a single IPLEX videoscope that can cover various demands for aircraft engine inspections by just changing the optical adaptors,” Faber said. Another challenge is the laborious operation to rotate the engine shaft. Operators need to inspect hundreds of blades, which are located at several turbine/compressor stages and mounted on the shaft. To conduct the inspection, collaborative work is required where one operator manually rotates the shaft while another inspects the blade condition. This work not only requires an additional operator for the shaft rotation, but also tends to cause insufficient inspection of the turbine. The solution is to have an engine specific Turning Tools that can automatically rotate the shaft with high-pressure compressor/turbine blades at a preferred speed, enabling an inspector too accurately and thoroughly conduct both the shaft rotating and blade inspection operations without the need for a second person. The third challenge is the time-consuming inspection analysis and report generation Throughout the inspection, recording a large number of blade images is often the case for inspection analysis and report generation, but within this environment, images are very similar to each other and it is sometimes impossible to identify blade types during review. Thus, many operators experience difficulty and frustration when attempting to find and sort intended images from a large volume of very similar images. Olympus uses its Inspection Assist Software that enables an inspector to record images while categorizing them by inspected stage and putting diagnosis onto the images by way of standardized comment. After the inspection, the inspector/reporter can efficiently analyze the recorded images and immediately create a report, just by selecting desired images with one-click operation. The Japanese manufacturer of high-end optics and precision electronics is establishing its Middle East and Africa (MEA) headquarters to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. The facility will incorporate a state of the art service and training centre for both support and knowledge transfer. From Dubai, the headquarters will cover 72 countries from across the South Africa to the Levant to Turkey to Gulf Arab countries and Iran. The move comes as the three major regional airlines – Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways – are poised to expand their fleet by almost 650 new planes. “If you include Turkish and Iran Air, the order book comes to a massive 1,058 passenger aircraft,” said Faber. “With the market growing, our local presence here will help support our customers with stronger support on a variety of fronts including faster response times for service and product backup,” said Faber. Share with a friend or colleague Your e-mail address: Recipient's e-mail address: Message Related Articles UAE to host MEA Regional HQ of global medtech player Olympus Corporation More A380 cracks emerge Etihad orders 200 aircraft worth $52 billion Dubai-bound AI flight escapes bird-hit disaster Australia pinpoints Rolls A380 engine defect Videos 'You are fake news': Trump slams CNN, refuses to answer reporter's questions Donald Trump attacked US intelligence agencies and the media Wednesday as he denied explosive allegations about his Conjoined twins born with single body and two heads Born in Mexico, the clip was posted on social media by family members who could not believe what they had seen Doctors Abandoned boy chasing mum's car on busy motorway CCTV has captured a small boy chasing a car on a busy motorway in China after his mother appeared to forget him while Crow takes off with tourist's passport A tourist was reportedly left stranded on the border crossing between Russian and Estonia after a crow swooped in and See more videos Most Popular in News Read Dubai Residency says about 52 million travellers crossed through Dubai ports during 2016 Hamdan bin Mohammed offers condolences to families of nation’s martyrs 4 weekends this February… happens once every 823 years? ADNOC Distribution announces new retail price of unsubsidised LPG for January 3 kinds of jobseekers that recruiters hate News In Images Vin Diesel and Deepika Padukone at press conference of xXx: Return of Xander Cage KUWTK: Khloe Kardashian's serious relationship Dabboo Ratnani calendar 2017: Shah Rukh Khan, Sunny Leone... Hrithik Roshan celebrates his birthday with kids and ex-wife Follow Emirates 24|7 Condolences books for humanitarian work martyrs opened in UAE, overseas diplomatic missions The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Co-operation and the UAE diplomatic missions abroad have opened RTA offers eye-catching plates for private, vintage vehicles and motorbikes Through its forthcoming 45th online auction, the Roads & Transport Authority (RTA), is offering 300 vehicle licensing UAE’s first robot pharmacy starts at Rashid Hospital Dubai Health Authority, DHA, on Thursday inaugurated its first "robot" pharmacy at Rashid Hospital. The smart pharmacy In Case You Missed It ... Sharjah wilts without power in over 45°C heat for second day Women and children flee to relatives' and friends' houses in Dubai and other emirates to escape heat The coolest way to ride the water in Dubai Fare ranges between Dh50 and Dh570 for regular trips and Dh400 per hour for tourist journey Parents black, baby blonde and blue-eyed Dad insists mum was true to him Saudis urged to “market” daughters for marriage A prominent Saudi psychiatrist has urged local families to market their daughters for early marriage, saying this would Sri Lanka declare at 520-8 in first Test Rangana and Lasith prove unlikely saviours with career-best scores Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Apps Advertise With Us Our services Copyright © 2016. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved. Tweet
Monday, January 16, 2017 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Technology  Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump future January 5, 2017, Thursday The 29th edition of the Detroit auto show will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances. AFP File Photo CHICAGO: The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump’s public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show’s public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. – NAFTA and the US economy – “We’ve never experienced anything quite like this,” said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. “We’ve never gone in this direction, not in recent history,” he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers “will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA.” An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump’s criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. “It’s literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that’s why we’re making this decision to invest here in the US,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant’s Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. “The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality” of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. “Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk,” he said. – Full automation? Not yet – With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show’s more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 percent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google’s self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. “The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market” with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. “Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production,” Jefferies & Co. tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. “There’s going to be a lot of experimentation … in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers,” Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. “Consumers want more and more driver assist technology,” she said, “and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving” cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. “They’re going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA,” to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. – AFP What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← More than 100 hurt in New York train derailment Japan’s ‘Tuna King’ wins annual auction for $636,000 → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Adenan's daughter pens emotional tribute in Facebook post Sarawak ‘mourns’ with hope Four Sarawakians arrested for IS activities Park in memory of Adenan Rafidah remembers her father Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump future Nova SAFO AFPJanuary 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos The 29th edition of the Detroit auto show will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances (AFP Photo/JEWEL SAMAD)More The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump's public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show's public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. - NAFTA and the US economy - "We've never experienced anything quite like this," said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. "We've never gone in this direction, not in recent history," he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers "will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA." An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump's criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. "It's literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that's why we're making this decision to invest here in the US," Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant's Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. "The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality" of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. "Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk," he said. - Full automation? Not yet - With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show's more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 percent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google's self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. "The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market" with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. "Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production," Jefferies & Co. tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. "There's going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers," Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. "Consumers want more and more driver assist technology," she said, "and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving" cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. "They're going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA," to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1598 messages5%57%38% 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Congress Members Join John Lewis in Boycott of Trump's Inauguration 48 messages5%59%36% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 1163 messages6%68%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Brad Spills The Ugly Truth About Angelina Daily MailSponsored Protesters Take to the Streets Across the Country 13 messages15%62%23% Man Who Shot Wife Claimed She Killed Herself Over Body Image Issues 60 messages3%69%28% Did Packers get away with holding on Aaron Rodgers' game-saving throw? 106 messages5%76%19% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Aaron Rodgers has more magic, as Packers pull out a dramatic win over Cowboys 710 messages9%72%19% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% Heartbreaking and Joyful Reunion for 18-Year-Old Kamiyah 3 messages0%67%33% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 292 messages6%69%25% ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1504 messages6%68%26% US 'hostility' grows despite nuclear deal: Iranian official John Carter: Through Obama the Iranians have become more dangerous, and out of control...with the American Money given to a Regime that has caused many American casualties, and taken many American Lives. We are not that forgiving, and we did not approve of the path that Obama took...towards the Iranian Leadership...we oppose, and agree with the total dismantling of the Obama cowardly play to appease that which he fears...no more carrots, all stick now. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 25 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump futureBy Nova SAFO | AFP – Thu, Jan 5, 2017 3:29 AM AEDT Related Content View Photo The 29th edition of the Detroit auto show will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump's public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show's public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. - NAFTA and the US economy - "We've never experienced anything quite like this," said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. "We've never gone in this direction, not in recent history," he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers "will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA." An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump's criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. "It's literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that's why we're making this decision to invest here in the US," Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant's Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. "The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality" of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. "Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk," he said. - Full automation? Not yet - With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show's more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 percent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google's self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. "The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market" with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. "Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production," Jefferies & Co. tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. "There's going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers," Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. "Consumers want more and more driver assist technology," she said, "and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving" cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. "They're going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA," to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. Top Stories » Woolworths hires new supermarkets bossAAP Woolworths Group has appointed long-standing Tesco executive Claire Peters as managing director of its supermarkets … NAB hikes many fixed home loan ratesAAP PM may rush trade vote to persuade USAAP Sirtex shares up and down after CEO axedAAP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Gabba Test Toyota Amber Sherlock Budget Rent a Car Kamiyah Mobley iPad Obamacare Perth Accommodation Trump Clinton Online car insurance quote Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump future By Afp Published: 21:34 EST, 4 January 2017 | Updated: 21:34 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 6 shares The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump's public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler. While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show's public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration. The 29th edition of the Detroit auto show will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances ©JEWEL SAMAD (AFP/File) The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticize corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. - NAFTA and the US economy - "We've never experienced anything quite like this," said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy. Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed. "We've never gone in this direction, not in recent history," he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy. Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers "will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and NAFTA." An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump's criticism by scrapping plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico. Instead it will use $700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs. "It's literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that's why we're making this decision to invest here in the US," Ford CEO Mark Fields said. Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico. Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant's Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio. Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank. "The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality" of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of NAFTA. "Anything that puts NAFTA at risk, puts the US economy at risk," he said. - Full automation? Not yet - With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show's more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars. Major manufacturers also are in the game. Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 percent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car. Google's self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology. "The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market" with an autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required. "Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production," Jefferies & Co. tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said. Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious. "There's going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers," Krebs said. An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said. "Consumers want more and more driver assist technology," she said, "and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving" cars. The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce. Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. "They're going to have to do more than renegotiate NAFTA," to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. While the Detroit auto show will be looking to the future, many industry insiders likely will be focused on the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration ©BILL PUGLIANO (Getty/AFP/File) Ford's decision to cancel plans to build a new factory in Mexico was widely interpreted in Mexico as the result of Donald Trump's repeated criticism of the $1.6bn project ©JUSTIN SULLIVAN (Getty/AFP/File) Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from a diesel emissions scandal in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car at the Detroit auto show ©GEOFF ROBINS (AFP/File) Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:43 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Drive Detroit auto show comes amid uncertain Trump future Thursday January 5, 2017 09:55 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The new Toyota Concept-i concept car, designed to learn about its driver is unveiled during the Toyota press conference at CES in Las Vegas, January 4, 2017. — Reuters picCHICAGO, Jan 5 — The automotive world descends on Detroit this weekend for the annual auto show, which will highlight rapidly-evolving technology, but comes amid an uncertain climate following Donald Trump’s public tussles with US car makers. The 29th edition of the show, held in the American car capital, will showcase the increasingly prominent role of digital and electric advances, starting with its unofficial kickoff on Sunday, when Google will showcase a self-driving car partnership with Chrysler.  While the show will be looking to the future, prior to the show’s public opening on January 14 many industry insiders likely will be focused on the present, notably the increased uncertainty from an incoming Trump administration.  The president-elect has shown a willingness to apply pressure, especially via Twitter, on US manufacturers like Boeing, Carrier, Lockheed, GM and Ford to criticise corporate strategies, especially those involving investment and employment outside the United States. He has vowed to preserve American jobs or bring them back, threatened to impose tariffs on American goods made in Mexico and China, and tear up the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico.  Nafta and the US economy “We’ve never experienced anything quite like this,” said Alan Deardorff, a professor at the University of Michigan who focuses on international trade policy.  Trade deals take years to have an effect as economies adjust, he said, so it is unclear what would happen to the US car industry should those deals be abruptly canceled or changed.  “We’ve never gone in this direction, not in recent history,” he said. But he warned one likely outcome is an increase in the car prices, making them less competitive in a global economy.  Matt DeLorenzo, who tracks the auto industry for Kelley Blue Book, said US carmakers “will have to reassess their whole Mexico strategy and Nafta.” An early sign of that reassessment came in dramatic fashion Tuesday when Ford appeared to capitulate to months of Trump’s criticism by scrapping plans to build a US$1.6 billion (RM7.2 billion) plant in Mexico.  Instead it will use US$700 million of those funds to expand a Michigan plant, creating 700 new jobs.  “It’s literally a vote of confidence around some of the pro-growth policies that (Trump) has been outlining and that’s why we’re making this decision to invest here in the US,” Ford CEO Mark Fields said.  Ford has been investing in high-tech, electric vehicle development, and beefing up higher-skilled American manufacturing can help better accomplish that goal, while its cheaper, less technology-laden car models are produced in Mexico.   Trump also targeted GM in a tweet Tuesday, threatening to impose a tariff on the car giant’s Mexican-made Chevrolet Cruze cars. GM responded quickly, emphasizing that the vast majority of its US-sold Cruze vehicles are made in Ohio.  Despite the rhetoric, the worst fears of what a Trump administration might do in 2017 are unlikely to come to pass, said Christopher Wilson, who studies US-Mexico policy at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank.  “The incoming administration is coming to terms with the reality” of the cross-border car manufacturing process, Wilson said. He warned that there may be other efforts undertaken to address negative effects from globalization, including new tax policies and a renegotiation of Nafta.  “Anything that puts Nafta at risk, puts the US economy at risk,” he said.  Full automation? Not yet With those high stakes in play, the auto industry will open the Detroit auto show that this year focuses on autonomous car technologies, amid the usual array of vehicle debuts and demonstrations. The bulk of the show’s more than 300 exhibitors are start-ups boasting new technologies for connected and self-driving cars.  Major manufacturers also are in the game.  Volkswagen, seeking to turn the page from the diesel emissions scandal that led to a 7.6 per cent sales tumble in 2016, plans to unveil an electric, autonomous concept car.  Google’s self-driving car subsidiary Waymo will showcase a Chrysler Pacifica minivan outfitted with self-driving technology.  “The race has accelerated in the last 12 months between car groups, Silicon Valley giants and consumer electronics groups to be the first in market” with an  autonomous car, said Karl Brauer of Kelley Blue Book.  Despite that onslaught, analysts say autonomous technology is currently in the early stages, in which human intervention is still required.  “Full automation is the ultimate goal, but at the moment, no company has fully autonomous vehicles in production,” Jefferies & Co tech analyst Brian Fitzgerald said.  Michelle Krebs, an industry analyst with AutoTrader, said part of the challenge is overcoming hesitant consumer sentiment, which has been evolving from suspicious to cautious.  “There’s going to be a lot of experimentation ... in terms of how do we make autonomous available to consumers,” Krebs said.  An AutoTrader annual survey of consumer sentiment found shifting attitudes. After initially considering autonomous technologies too dangerous, consumers were becoming more accepting, Krebs said.  “Consumers want more and more driver assist technology,” she said, “and they are warming up to the idea of autonomous, fully self-driving” cars.  The production of these technology-packed cars will require a highly-skilled workforce.  Robert Scott of the Economic Policy Institute said that is an opportunity for American manufacturing to catch up, should policymakers in the Trump administration take steps to invest in labor force training and other services for displaced workers. “They’re going to have to do more than renegotiate Nafta,” to bring manufacturing jobs back at a large scale, Scott said. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Drive Channel Most Viewed Now Week In New York, ride-hailing drivers are slaves to the surge Daimler’s Zetsche shows off the new Mercedes E-Class (VIDEO) Perodua unveils new Perodua Axia with VVT-i engine In cars, do Americans care about looks? Rolls-Royce sets new record for bespoke commissions Perodua unveils new Perodua Axia with VVT-i engine Mercedes-Benz posts record sales in Malaysia Facebook campaign for Free Myvi not ours, Perodua says Honda to sell Civic in Japan for first time since 2010 China’s king of the road is an SUV as drivers shun boring sedan Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Judd Apatow freaking out over Donald Trump — Maureen Dowd Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says (VIDEO) Former CIA director says Trump’s intelligence tweets are damaging (VIDEO) Donald Trump: Sticking with some facts, taking liberties with others (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Cramer Remix Cramer Remix: The latest Trump tweet and the buying opportunity behind it Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Wednesday, 4 Jan 2017 | 7:27 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: The latest Trump tweet and the buying opportunity behind it    Wednesday, 4 Jan 2017 | 7:00 PM ET | 01:17 Deregulation is a large part of President-elect Donald Trump's economic agenda, but many skeptics have asked Jim Cramer how that could really happen. Trump plans to deregulate through executive appointments, Cramer said. The President and his subordinates have a significant amount of discretion on how laws are enforced. Oklahoma Attorney General Greg Pruitt was nominated by the president-elect to run the Environmental Protection Agency. "If he gets approved, he could roll back years of regulations," the "Mad Money" host said. Additionally, Trump's tweets have turned out to be a buying opportunity for each stock targeted. United Technologies stock went to $108 after Trump highlighted it for moving jobs to Mexico. It now trades at $110. Boeing was at $154 and closed at $158 on Wednesday. Likewise, General Motors proved to be a buying opportunity after gaining 5 percent in a single session. Joshua Roberts | Reuters Donald Trump Cramer was astonished when the price of crude went down on Tuesday, but oil and gas stocks went up. The decoupling of oil and stocks was a move he hasn't seen in a very long time, and he says could be good news for the stock market, thanks to President-elect Donald Trump. "Don't let the analysts talk you out of oil stocks or natural gas stocks … This regime wants oil and gas companies to make more money, so I think they will," Cramer said. Dominion Resources is one of the largest players in the power generation space. The utility sector tends to be the bond market equivalent that investors swap out of as yield for bonds is expected to rise with each rate hike from the Federal Reserve. However, Cramer highlighted Dominion as a company with many additional businesses that could benefit from a Trump administration. He spoke with the company's chairman and CEO Tom Farrell, who explained that Dominion is different from its peers because of its large gas infrastructure business. "The gas infrastructure infrastructure will be almost half of the cash flow earnings stream of Dominion Resources, which makes it quite unique," Farrell said. Ken Cedeno | Corbis | Getty Images Oil field workers on a rig in Tioga, North Dakota. Given the incredible run that the stock market has had since the election, Cramer thinks it is time to find out if there are any warning signs that the market should be taking more seriously. The first flag to hit his radar was the Weekly Investors Intelligence survey of bullish and bearish newsletter writers. In its latest report, the number of bulls was at 60.2 percent, with only 18.4 percent bears and 21.4 percent anticipating a correction. "When everybody's bullish, it means there is no one left to buy. A healthy rally needs plenty of bears who can be persuaded to change their minds," Cramer explained. To find out if investors are getting complacent, Cramer spoke with Mark Sebastian, a technician and co-founder of OptionPit.com and Cramer's colleague at RealMoney. Sebastian is an expert when it comes to the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), which measures the level of volatility that traders are expecting in the near future. However, while the latest Investors Intelligence survey was a red flag to Cramer, Sebastian's read on the VIX indicated that the market is poised to head higher. Based on his analysis, he anticipates that a major reversal will not occur without a largely negative catalyst. Another powerful theme in the market is the health and wellness trend. Shares of Weight Watchers spiked more than 20 percent on Wednesday after Oprah confirmed she has lost 42.5 pounds on the program. Likewise, shares of Mindbody rose 7 percent after announcing a new partnership with Google that will allow users to easily book fitness and wellness classes directly through Google search, Google Maps or a new website, Reserve with Google. Mindbody is the cloud-based provider of business management software tailored to the fitness industry. The company has gone from 1,000 subscribers in 2005 to more than 58,000 in its recent quarter, with 35 percent revenue growth, even as the company is not yet profitable. Cramer spoke with Mindbody's chairman and CEO Rick Stollmeyer, who explained that small to medium sized businesses (SMB) often have difficulty with scheduling and tracking customers and staff. "Our system can start with the small, single SMB location and scale effectively infinitely," Stollmeyer said. In the Lightning Round, Cramer gave his take on a few stocks from callers: Advanced Micro Devices: "I don't think anyone knows something other than the fact that the company is doing much better than people think. It does have a kind of difficult agreement that may cause some profit taking because it has to share some profit. But I will tell you that AMD is back and I think it can still go higher." Merck: "Merck I think is a hold. I believe in the work that Ken Frazier [CEO] is doing and I would not sell the stock. Don't forget it also yields 3 percent." Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change VIX --- MRK --- MB --- GM --- BA --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store January 15, 2017 9:46 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Business is making a comback There's nothing wrong about bringing successful people into public service January 8, 2017 12:00 AM Associated Press Investor Carl Icahn By Ed Rogers President-elect Donald Trump is getting his share of criticism for appointing effective, wealthy business executives and leaders from the private sector to his Cabinet. Democrats would have you believe that people who have been magnificently financially profitable in America are somehow disqualified from helping shape American policy. But here’s a different way of looking at the Cabinet Mr. Trump has assembled: This may be the most successful group of people brought together to serve a common purpose in Washington in at least the last 50 years. The list of those willing to bring their expertise to the aid of their country keeps growing. But let’s consider as an example the billionaire that Mr. Trump announced last month as his special adviser on regulatory issues: investor Carl Icahn. Mr. Icahn will not draw a salary or be considered a government employee. And that appears to be more than Democrats can bear. They are lambasting this as an insider arrangement that will somehow benefit Mr. Icahn. Democratic National Committee spokesman Eric Walker went so far as to say, “The corrupt nature of this arrangement cannot be understated [sic]. Voters who wanted Trump to drain the swamp just got another face full of mud.” Really? How is Mr. Icahn generously volunteering his time and knowledge to help rein in President Barack Obama’s excessive era of regulations proof of corruption? If you remember, Mr. Obama tapped a number of CEOs to join his President’s Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, including Jeffrey R. Immelt, who served as council chair while he was also the chairman of General Electric. Jim McNerney, chairman and CEO of Boeing, and AOL co-founder Steve Case also sat on the council, along with numerous other American business leaders. If they were able to advise Mr. Obama on “ways to create jobs, opportunity and prosperity for the American people” without being corrupt, why is it that a guy like Mr. Icahn can’t help Mr. Trump identify ways that regulations may hinder economic growth? And, oh, by the way, Mr. Trump might actually listen to Mr. Icahn’s recommendations and implement changes to help boost the American economy. As I said in 2012, Mr. Obama’s creation of a jobs council was “nothing more than a throwaway talking point for his apologencia to use to try to mask the truth of his anti-capitalist core beliefs.” The jobs council met only four times before it fell apart. The fact is, Mr. Obama used the business leaders on the council as props designed to suggest he cared about business. What a joke. The president who famously declared “You didn’t build that” when talking about productive American business owners wasn’t actually interested in what the council might have had to say. We should be grateful that people like Mr. Icahn are willing to participate and give the president-elect advice. And good for Mr. Trump for recognizing that involving accomplished business leaders will be beneficial to the economy. This move further reinforces that business is back. Mr. Trump’s welcoming of business leaders is wildly different from Mr. Obama’s open contempt for entrepreneurs and business owners. We should want the most successful people we have to feel welcome to chip in and, dare I say, work to make America great again. Ed Rogers, a political consultant and chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, is a contributing columnist to The Washington Post. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Lightning season could hinge on this trip Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning season could hinge on this trip Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Former MOSI employee contends for 'Hidden Figures' award By Joyce McKenzie, Times Correspondent JOYCE MCKENZIETampa Bay Times Friday, January 6, 2017 5:26pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next TAMPA — A 2010 Wharton High School graduate has been named as a top contender in The Search for Hidden Figures contest, a scholarship competition aimed at recognizing the nation's most talented emerging female leaders in science, technology, engineering and math. Related News/Archive New movie 'Hidden Figures' resonates with local black women who pioneered in STEM fields 4 Days Ago Little girl's dreams grow into stellar career for winner of MOSI Hispanic scientist award 5 Months Ago A little change helps MOSI kids change the summer for other kids 5 Months Ago From a field of more than 7,300 applicants Midori Maeda, 24, the daughter of Tampa residents Cesar and Zonia Maeda, is among the 50 semi-finalists selected in a competition that will honor two grand prize winners in each of two categories that include students ages 13-19, and professionals ages 20 and older. If chosen as one of the final winners, she will take home $50,000 in research grant money, a year's worth of free access to STEM training materials and programs at the New York Academy of Sciences, and a trip to the Kennedy Space Center in Orlando. The winners will be announced on Thursday (Jan. 12). The contest, sponsored by PepsiCo and 21st Century Fox, was inspired by the production of the movie Hidden Figures, which depicts the careers of African American female mathematicians Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson, who worked behind the scenes of the NASA Manned Space Program during the days of Jim Crow when blacks were relegated to the status of second class citizens. The film debuted on Friday (Jan. 6) in theaters across the country. "I'm very excited to see the movie and these women who paved the road for women in the STEM field," Maeda said. "Along the way I've had some great female mentors and I really want to lead by example." Unlike John Glenn, who gained instant fame in 1962 when he became the first American to orbit the earth, this trio of pioneering professionals performed their critical work toward the space mission's success in a segregated wing of NASA's Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, absent of any accolades. Maeda — whose mother emigrated to the U.S. from Ecuador and whose father was from Mexico — graduated cum laude in 2014 from the University of Florida, where she earned a bachelor's degree in material sciences and engineering from the University of Florida. Last month she received a master's degree in macromolecular science and engineering from the University of Michigan, where in August she plans to begin work toward her doctorate degree. During her summer breaks she did various high-tech internships in South Carolina at Boeing, in Ohio at Proctor and Gamble and at the Air Force Research Laboratory. She currently works in a biomedical engineering lab in Ann Arbor, Mich., creating artificial tissues in an effort to better understand abnormal matter. Maeda attributes much of her love for science and engineering to her affiliation with Tampa's Museum of Science & Industry in her youth. "I volunteered over 100 hours at MOSI as a Wharton High School student and that fueled my passion for STEM," she said. In the summer of 2015 she returned to MOSI as a technology instructor in the Idea Zone, where she taught guests how to build robots, program computers and design 3D models for 3D printing. "I've always held a passion for hands-on work and therefore it was so rewarding to help kids gain confidence in their design and building skills," Maeda said. "The Idea Zone is one of the largest makerspaces in the Southeast and I'm proud to live in a city that fosters this forward-thinking initiative." Tony Palaez, MOSI's director of Innovations, described Maeda as a wonderful asset to the organization. "She's such an inspiration for any young person, especially women, and she's definitely the perfect person to win this award," Palaez said. Her dad, who also holds a master's degree in biology and is aiming toward earning a doctoral degree at the University of Florida, said Midori, the eldest of his family's three children, has always loved to do investigative-type work. "I think the main thing about Midori is her will to always learn new things," Cesar Maeda said. Contact Joyce McKenzie at hillsnews@tampabay.com. Former MOSI employee contends for 'Hidden Figures' award 01/06/17 [Last modified: Friday, January 6, 2017 6:44pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Alts Currency-Hedged Equities Fixed-Income New ETFs Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → January → Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 January 6, 2017 at 5:50 pm by Tom Lydon The Dow Jones Industrial Average was one point short of 20,000 on Friday, bringing renewed attention on the storied benchmark index and related exchange traded funds. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, or simply the Dow, rose to as much as 19,999.63 on Friday or just shy of the widely anticipated 20,000 landmark as a strong jobs report helped further fuel the post-election rally. The equities rally has been bolstered by hopes of business-friendly policies under a new Donald Trump administration after the President-elect promised to enact $1 trillion in infrastructure spending, corporate tax cuts and potentially repeal regulatory hurdles. Furthermore, many anticipate earnings to return to growth after five consecutive quarters of declines, especially with energy stocks rebounding on rising crude oil prices and the strengthening economic outlook. With the renewed focus on the Dow, ETF investors have also jumped on the momentum with Dow-related ETFs, such as the SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (NYSEArca: DIA), which tracks the Dow Jones Industrial Average, and the Guggenheim Dow Jones Industrial Average Dividend ETF (NYSEArca: DJD), which weighs the 30 Dow stocks by yield. Potential investors, though, should be aware that the Dow isn’t like your normal market capitalization-weighted index, such as the S&P 500. The major difference between the two indices is found in their indexing methodology. The Dow focuses on a price-weighted average of 30 stocks while the S&P 500 is a market capitalization-weighted index of 500 large companies. The Dow is composed of the 30 largest companies in the U.S. across a number of sectors. Holdings are selected by the editors of the Wall Street Journal. Since the index follows price-weighted methodology, components with higher prices will have a larger impact on the daily movements in the Dow, which has drawn some criticism over its somewhat arbitrary weighting method. Daily changes in the Dow are calculated by adding prices of the 30 Dow stocks and then divided by the “Dow Divisor.” Currently, DIA’s top holdings include Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE: GS) 8.3%, 3M Co. (NYSE: MMM) 6.1%, International Business Machines (NYSE: IBM) 5.8%, UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH) 5.6% and Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) 5.5%. Sector weights include industrials 19.7%, financials 17.9%, information technology 17.0%, consumer discretionary 14.3%, health care 12.8%, Energy 7.1%, consumer staples 6.7%, materials 2.5% and telecom services 1.9%. In contrast, the S&P 500 is more diversified, with its largest holding Apple (NasdaqGS: AAPL) account for a little over 3%. Additionally, The S&P 500 overweights information technology, with more evenly spread out weights in its other sector positions. Meanwhile, the newer DJD weights positions on dividends, with top holdings including Chevron (NYSE: CVX) 5.7%, Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ) 5.3%, Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT), 5.0% Boeing (NYSE: BA) 4.8% and International Business Machines (NYSE: IBM) 4.4%. Sector allocations include industrials 18.9%, information technology 18.4%, healthcare 13.4%, consumer staples 11.4%, financials 11.0%, energy 9.5%, consumer discretionary 9.5%, telecom services 5.3% and materials 2.6%. Due to its weighting methodology, DJD comes with a slightly higher 2.47% 12-month yield, compared to DIA’s 2.26% 12-month yield. However, DIA shows a cheaper 0.17% expense ratio, compared to DJD’s 0.30% expense ratio, which diminishes the positive effect from the dividend-focused ETF’s higher yield. Categories: Equities Tags: Current Affairs, DIA, DJD, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Indexing, Lead You might also like: Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules Emerging Market ETFs Are Making a Comeback Technology ETFs Could Maintain Their Momentum in 2017 An Important Season for Bank, Financial ETFs Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Should a Change in Leadership Mean a Change in Your Financial Strategy? January 15, 2017 Featured, Slider Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules January 14, 2017 Equities The Power of Income in Our Current Environment January 14, 2017 Fixed-Income Should a Change in Leadership Mean a Change in Your Financial Strategy? January 15, 2017 Featured, Slider Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Ready to Rev Up in 2017? Operations as a Vehicle for Investment Success By Astor Investment Management Analyzing December Data Before Looking to the Year Ahead By Clark Capital Management 2017: The Next Chapter After a Remarkable 12 Months By Nottingham Advisors Reducing US Stocks to Bring Balanced Portfolios Closer to Long-Term Targets By Rod Smyth, RiverFront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT ETF Education Central ETF Analyzer ETF Resume Premium Membership ETF Trends Education Articles Index Category Highlights Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2016 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Text Size A A A Subscribe Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Calendar Search Site My Account Former federal finance minister loses Ontario PC nomination battle Alberta PC leader candidate Kenney challenged on all sides by unity plan Chong could reboot Tory fortunes Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report says Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Subscribe Only $ 17 .50 /montly About iPolitics Work With Us Subscribe Plans & Pricing Advertising Site Feedback Contact Alpheus Web Design & Development by Atomic Motion Let's try to stay off Trump's radar iPolitics Insights If the tweeter in chief decides to go after Canada, there’s not much we can do Alan Freeman Published Friday, January 6th, 2017 President-elect Donald Trump boards an elevator after speaking with the media at Trump Tower in New York, Tuesday, Dec. 6, 2016. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Written by Alan Freeman Published Friday, January 6th, 2017 Featured Opinion Facebook Twitter Imagine if U.S. dairy farmers got to Donald Trump and explained to him how American butter, cheese and yogurt are essentially blocked from entering Canada by astronomical tariffs under our supply management system. In a minute, he’d be on Twitter denouncing Canada for being “unfair” to farmers in Wisconsin and Vermont and vowing to slap an onerous import tax on Alberta bitumen, Quebec maple syrup and Bombardier business jets in retaliation. Canadian farmers, fearful that their comfortable marketing arrangement was under threat, would plead that supply management is perfectly legal under the North American Free Trade Agreement. The Trudeau government, petrified about unleashing a trade war, would mumble support for farmers while quickly trying to figure how to assuage the 45th U.S. president by showing  how “open” it is to renegotiating NAFTA, including when it comes to agriculture. Supply management could face its greatest existential challenge ever, thanks to a single tweet. Sounds crazy but that’s the new world we’re living in. The world’s leading superpower and our most important trading partner is about to be led by a man who tweets before he thinks and who isn’t bothered by the niceties of international diplomacy and the legalities of world trading rules. As Canadians, we are trying to convince ourselves that somehow we’re exempt from Trump’s economic nationalism and anti-free trade sentiments. When Trump goes after NAFTA, he’s really targeting Mexico and when he wants to slap duties on imports, he means China, we tell ourselves. We’re Canadians after all. We’re nice guys and almost American. Brian Mulroney, who never met a billionaire he didn’t like, says he knows Donald Trump as a neighbour and buddy in Palm Beach, and assures us that we have nothing to fear. “Donald Trump, I think, wants to be known as a great president, and that’s entirely up to him,” he recently told an interviewer. “And one of the ways he can do it is by co-operating with a great ally like Canada and I think it’s going to happen.” Really, Brian? Donald Trump, who has not hesitated to go after Boeing, Lockheed Martin, United Technologies, GM and Toyota let alone the FBI, the CIA and the U.S. intelligence establishment, is somehow going to spare Canada from his ravings if he thinks it’s politically expedient? Don’t think so. Take the auto industry. Trump is fixated on bringing back industrial jobs to rust-belt states like Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania, which made his victory on Nov. 8 possible. So far he has focused on Mexico, where the industry has committed to huge investments in recent years, but that doesn’t mean Canada’s industry will be exempt. Next time GM, Ford or Chrysler has to choose between placing a new product or an extra shift at a plant in Ontario or one in the U.S., it will have to weigh the potentially explosive political impact of its decision as well as the economic and business case. As a Detroit executive, will it be worth provoking an angry tweet from President Trump for the sake of saving a few hundred jobs north of the border? We may have had cross-border free trade in autos for half a century, but nobody in Oshawa or Woodstock voted for Donald Trump in November. What can Canada do? Probably not a lot. Seeking out allies in Congress, which must ultimately pass trade legislation and may take a more reasoned look, is useful. The welcome video to members of the new Congress hosted by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Canada’s Ambassador to the U.S., David McNaughton, was a nice effort though it seems far more likely than Canadians will watch it than a newly minted Member of the House of Representatives or a Senator. Both Trudeau and McNaughton have said that Canada is open to talking about NAFTA and modernizing it, without providing details, which is fine but unlikely to stave off a wholesale redo of NAFTA if that’s what Trump wants. They may talk lots about how important cross-border trade with Canada is to a few dozen U.S. states but if it’s a question of favouring a U.S. supplier of steel or city buses over one from Canada, Buy America is likely to win with the public every time. Canada’s best policy may be to play a low-key game. When we seek attention on bilateral files, it often ends unhappily. One of the stupidest policies ever was for Alberta, abetted by the Harper government, to boast about the development of the oil sands to Americans, as if it was a beautiful thing. Better to keep quiet about the fact that northern Alberta had been turned into a giant open-pit mine. There was no better argument against the Keystone XL pipeline with environmentalists than a look at the oil-sands facilities around Fort McMurray. As Canadians, we’re often better off staying under the radar, doing our business quietly across the border, making sure not to attract too much attention. Our best hope may be that the tweeter in chief gets so busy waging trade wars elsewhere that we can somehow escape his notice. Loading Articles About the Writer Alan Freeman 76 Articles Written Alan Freeman is an Honorary Senior Fellow at the University of Ottawa’s Graduate School of Public and International Affairs. He came to the U of O from the Department of... Other Articles by Alan Freeman The price we pay for politicizing our diplomats Friday, January 13th, 2017 Legal weed will be ridiculously profitable — and a huge headache Friday, December 16th, 2016 Who's the basketcase now? Quebec's quiet fiscal revolution Friday, December 9th, 2016 Electoral reform was probably doomed anyway Friday, December 2nd, 2016 Why are Liberals so utterly clueless about pay-for-play? Thursday, November 24th, 2016 Close Form
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Obama ‘screwed’ us, say angry Cuban migrants on their trek to US 2016 Brays Oaks Volunteer Appreciation Breakfast Art museum kicks off 2017 with award gala Home » News » Global » Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane MH370 to finish in two weeks – as devastated relatives of passengers beg for hunt to continue Search for missing Malaysia Airlines plane MH370 to finish in two weeks – as devastated relatives of passengers beg for hunt to continue The hunt for missing flight MH370 will end in two weeks, Malaysia’s transport minister said on Friday, as relatives of passengers demanded authorities push on with the search. ‘We’re at the final lap within these two weeks,’ the minister, Liow Tiong Lai told reporters. ‘We hope we can find the plane.’ Liow did not specify a date but said that a tripartite meeting will be held after a final report is released when the 120,000 square kilometre (46,000 square mile) search ends. Furious relatives of the missing passengers have called the cancellation of the search a ‘kick in the guts’. ‘Obviously ‘it’s another kick in the guts for the families,’ Danica Weeks, whose husband Paul was on board the jet told Fairfax Media. ‘We’ve had so much hope and then each time we’ve got the hope up and it’s been washed away.’ Authorities had previously said the search will end early this year. The last search vessel embarked on its final sweep across the southern Indian Ocean last month. The Malaysian Airlines jet disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, carrying 239 passengers and crew. It is believed that the Malaysian Airlines plane crashed into the Indian Ocean, but an extensive deep-sea hunt off Australia’s west coast has failed to find a single piece of debris. The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which has been leading the search mission, said in a report last month that the Boeing jet is almost certainly not in the current search zone and may be further north. The report was based on a review of evidence by Australian and international experts. But Australian experts have questioned if the report’s findings are credible. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China, where most of the passengers were from, previously agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the current search area was fully scoured unless ‘credible new information’ emerged. ‘We cannot just base [a search] on assumptions. We need credible clues to look for the plane,’ said Liow when asked about the possibility of a search further north.   Liow Tiong Lai Malaysian Airlines MH370 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories India’s SpiceJet buys up to 205 Boeing jets worth $22bn Nepal fails to deliver relief to quake survivors Turkey says US will be invited to fresh Syria talks Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY 3:37 PM ET Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Pull Off Another Stunner; Steelers Lead Chiefs On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Spacex Faa Iridium Science Elon's SpaceX gets permission to blow up another satellite or two FAA clears Musketeers to, fingers crossed, put whole Iridium birds into orbit SpaceX CEO Elon Musk ... Pretty fly for a South African guy 6 Jan 2017 at 20:32, Iain Thomson America's Federal Aviation Administration has cleared SpaceX to launch satellites into Earth's orbit using the science upstart's rockets. This comes after the watchdog scrutinized the cause of last year's dramatic explosion on a SpaceX launchpad: on September 1, a refueling cockup strongly encouraged a Falcon 9 rocket, along with a $200m internet relay satellite on top, to spread itself finely over Cape Canaveral. SpaceX's own report came out earlier this week, tracing the problem back to helium containers that got too cold. SpaceX's short-term solution is to store the gas at a higher temperature; the long-term solution will involve redesigning the tanks. The FAA seems happy with this arrangement, and has given Elon Musk's space biz a license [PDF] for orbital deliveries. "The FAA accepted the investigation report on the AMOS-6 mishap and has closed the investigation," the agency said in a statement. "SpaceX applied for a license to launch the Iridium NEXT satellites from Vandenberg Air Force Base. The FAA has granted a license for that purpose." The news comes just in time for SpaceX, but wasn't entirely unexpected. The organization was obviously anticipating clearance, as it has been prepping a rocket at Vandenberg Air Force Base carrying a cluster of Iridium communications satellites, and there's a launch window open early next week. Hold-down firing of @SpaceX Falcon 9 at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 5, 2017 The Iridium contract is important for SpaceX's cash flow. The satellite communications business has already cancelled one contract with SpaceX, and if the Falcon's flight had been delayed further, more contracts could have been in the balance. Iridium is excited to share we're planned to launch on Monday, Jan 9 at 10:22am PST weather permitting. https://t.co/wiHgvdD6lk #IridiumNEXT — Iridium Corporate (@IridiumComm) January 6, 2017 Having said that, SpaceX's main customer, NASA, is going to keep the funds coming in for Elon's crew. On Tuesday the agency awarded Boeing and SpaceX four launch contracts to deliver astronauts to the International Space Station, once the two companies have been cleared for human cargo. "Awarding these missions now will provide greater stability for the future space station crew rotation schedule, as well as reduce schedule and financial uncertainty for our providers," said Phil McAlister, director, NASA's Commercial Spaceflight Development Division. "The ability to turn on missions as needed to meet the needs of the space station program is an important aspect of the Commercial Crew Program." On Friday, Elon Musk paid a visit to US president-elect Donald Trump, ostensibly to discuss renewable energy – but we're willing to bet rockets were part of the conversation as well. SpaceX is going to try for a launch of its Falcon Heavy superlifter, and having a friend in government could help the massive rocket get some lucrative payloads. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 32 Comments More from The Register Weather stops SpaceX from blowing up more satellites Launch lovers and explosion enthusiasts wait another week 31 Comments SpaceX delays manned Dragon capsule launch Setback follows Falcon 9 explosion 22 Comments SpaceX Dragon capsule lands in Pacific carrying 12 moustronauts NASA to watch Musketeer relatives carefully 44 Comments Patience is SpaceX's latest virtue Falcon's return to space delayed until January 16 Comments Dragon capsule bids adios to ISS Departs orbiting outpost today bearing return cargo 10 Comments SpaceX to explosion conspiracy theorists: There's no grassy knoll at Cape Canaveral Video Investigation replicates cryogenic helium #FAIL 18 Comments Whitepapers Building your DLP strategy and process Forcepoint works with its clients around the world to develop effective strategies and processes for implementing data loss prevention (DLP) programs. 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals The platform explosion: harness it or lose agility This report helps enterprise architects navigate the mushrooming software platform market. Proven HFA Vendor Nimble Storage Achieving Rapid Success in the AFA Market A helpful summary of the evolving AFA Market as well as the Nimble technology, business value, customers, and go-to-market strategies. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight NASA taps ESA satellite Swarm for salty ocean temperature tales Going underground: The Royal Mail's great London train squeeze Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel Microsoft sued by staff traumatized by child sex abuse vids stashed on OneDrive accounts Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
