Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Boeing CEO: Cash Flows Despite 777 Production Slowdown Boeing CEO: Cash Flows Despite 777 Production Slowdown Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Investors’ uncertainty over Boeing’s business case sent shares on a wild ride Wednesday.  Getty Images Advertisement Boeing Co. will remain a cash-generating juggernaut even if weak demand forces deeper production cuts to the 777 jetliner, a crucial source of profit, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Cash flow will increase next year and in 2018 as the Chicago-based planemaker fills a record backlog of orders and reaps its first profits from the 787 Dreamliner, Muilenburg said on a conference call with investors and analysts. The company’s coming cash bounty has been a selling point with investors, potentially bolstering shares in a tough market for jet orders. Investors’ uncertainty over Boeing’s business case sent shares on a wild ride Wednesday. The stock fell after the market opened and then reversed course to become the biggest gainer on the Dow Jones Industrial Average after Muilenburg said cash generation would grow under every scenario contemplated for the 777, the company’s second-largest profit driver. “The fact that stock has been basically flat for almost three years tells you it is absolutely a ‘show-me’ story,” Charlie Smith, chief investment officer with Fort Pitt Capital Group, said in an interview Wednesday. There’s upside for investors if Boeing can run its factories efficiently enough to “reach the cash flows that allow this stock to break from trading with orders.” The shares climbed 5% to $145.97 at 3:31 p.m. in New York, the biggest intraday gain since January 2015. Cooling Market Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Also of concern are Boeing’s ability to reap profit from its 787 Dreamliner after a decade of losses, while it transitions to new versions of its cash-cows, the 737 narrow-body jet and the 777 wide-body. Several sales campaigns now underway will determine the near-term course for its largest twin-engine aircraft, the 777. Lagging orders already prompted Boeing to slow its assembly line to a monthly pace of seven jets starting early next year. The manufacturer had planned to deliver just 5.5 of the planes a month in 2018 as it builds the first flight-test planes for the upgraded 777X family of aircraft, which are slated to enter the market at decade’s end. [GETTY IMAGES] In the worst case, output could slip to 3.5 planes a month before speeding up as production shifts to the 777X, Muilenburg said Wednesday. “Across all of those scenarios that I just described, all of them, we see cash growing year-over-year in 2017 and then again in 2018,” he told investors. “And I think that’s an important thing to remember. This is a very robust cash growth business across all of those scenarios.” Earnings Rise Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02 billion expected. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The planemaker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Boeing also reported a $162 million accounting charge related to the the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft it is developing to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. The company postponed its commercial crew test and development program for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration by six months because of supply-chain delays and a production flaw that forced the project to scrap the upper dome of the capsule to be used in the first manned flight test. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup Inc., wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Dreamliner Costs Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million, or $4 million per plane, from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion as Boeing worked to reap cash from the marquee aircraft. The first jetliner made from strands of spun carbon fiber is key to Muilenburg’s plan to achieve operating margins in the mid-teens and his vow to return 100 percent of free cash flow to shareholders despite the demands of developing new aircraft and the risk of political and economic turmoil. The commercial airplane unit’s profit fell to 9.4 percent of sales from 10 percent. The defense business’s profit margin dropped to 10.4 percent from 12.2 percent. Muilenburg has stressed cost cutting and set a goal of double-digit profit margins for commercial jets next year.  Since 80 percent of its deliveries through 2020 are firm orders and already priced, “that means that any additional cost reduction will go straight to the bottom line, rather than be competed away,” Douglas Harned, an aerospace analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc., said in an Oct. 17 report. “But, we would like to have more confidence that Boeing commercial airplanes truly can make progress on margin.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Boeing to Design 777X Aircraft at Five US Sites, Moscow Boeing to Cut 777 Output Boeing's Plan to Launch New 777 Plane Moves Ahead Boeing to Source 777X Composite Materials from UAE 2 Machinists Union Narrowly Approves Boeing Contract, Keeps 777X in Washington 2 Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Russia's Putin dismisses economy minister: Kremlin 1479232343 World Russia has long-term ambitions in the Middle East: Israeli official 1479231310 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official, reports 1479233569 World Challenging government, Egypt's parliament approves 'repressive' NGO bill 1479232513 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business BP inks deal for General Electric oilfield data service 1479232144 Business Google says it will expand operations in London 1479232029 Business EU starts marathon talks on budget review, Italy unhappy 1479233545 Business Bayer to issue convertible notes for Monsanto buy 1479231701 Business US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms 1479231971 Business China markets resilient post-Trump despite yuan plunge 1479240093 Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup 1479240093 World Trump in for a quickwake-up call when he takes office: Obama 1479240092 Business Temasek says Alibaba remains key part of its portfolio 1479240092 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240092 World NZ evacuates quake-hit town cut off by landslides 1479240091 World Malaysia committed to boosting trade ties with US, with or without TPP: Najib 1479240091 Business India offers host of opportunities for S’porean businesses 1479240091 China&India ‘U.S. should consider Beijing-backed free trade pact’ 1479240090 World S Korean millenials lead rallying cry for Park’s resignation 1479240090 China&India With odes to the Long March, Chinese nationalism surges 1479240090 Voices More effort needed to help children keep bullying at bay 1479240089 World Trump is committed to Nato, Obama reassures allies 1479240089 Sports Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub 1479240089 Sports China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon 1479240089 Entertainment Guns and stunts 1479240088 Daily Focus From ‘carnivore’ to vegan overnight 1479240088 Daily Focus She changed diet for her skin 1479240088 Daily Focus Veganism gaining ground in Singapore 1479240087 Voices Questions over US’ commitment to security in Asia 1479240087 Entertainment Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits 1479240087 Commentary How Trump will be tamed 1479240086 Commentary Getting town councils to raise their game 1479240081 World Senior Pakistan official says to visit India, hints at detente 1479230695 World Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China's influence grows 1479230545 World Thousands of UK prison officers walk out over rising jail violence 1479228518 World Czech lawmakers seek to make defaming the president a crime 1479228403 World Turkey eyes reset with U.S. under Trump, but honeymoon may be brief 1479233972 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479229755 World EU agrees defense budget increase as Britain lifts block 1479230184 World Kenya sets fire to 5,000 illegal weapons in crime fight 1479228656 Business Exclusive: Four large Wells Fargo shareholders want more action from board 1479229392 Business Boeing shares fall as United Airlines defers 737 order 1479231580 Business Federal Reserve says will be more open about 'stress tests': GAO report 1479230355 Business Elon Musk-backed AI startup and Microsoft sign cloud agreement 1479227877 Business UK house-building hits post-financial crisis high 1479230283 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479230874 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479228735 Business Dow pauses after six-day rally; tech stocks rise 1479232705 Business Japan's MUFG launches aviation finance business in the Americas A man walks out form a branch of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group's bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ in Tokyo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 27, 2016 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc <8306.T> has launched a new business in the Americas to help airlines and other companies finance the purchase of planes, company executives told Reuters. The move highlights how large players in the aviation industry like MUFG remain confident that more travelers will take to the skies and that airlines will buy more aircraft, despite signs that demand for new jetliners is falling. Tokyo-based MUFG currently has aviation finance practices in Asia and Europe. "There are substantial needs in this space," said Olivier Trauchessec, managing director of the new unit, in a telephone interview Monday. "There's been a steady increase in aircraft orders over the past several years... (and) there is a very large number of aircraft that still need to be replaced." In July, U.S. plane maker Boeing Co <BA.N> forecast that airlines in the Americas would require 11,290 new planes over the next 20 years to replace aging aircraft as well as grow their fleets, representing a large opportunity for manufacturers and financing companies alike. The region is only second to Asia, which will require 15,130 planes, according to Boeing. Nearly 40,000 aircraft in total will be delivered through 2035, worth $5.9 trillion, Boeing said. MUFG provides debt to airlines, plane lessors and others through underwriting, export credit financing and other means. Trauchessec said MUFG also can benefit from the active trading between aircraft lessors and investors in the Americas. Economic slowdowns have cast doubt over future travel demand, and lower oil prices have allowed airlines to defer the delivery of fuel-saving planes while keeping older, gas-guzzling models in the air. Orders for the world's dominant plane makers Boeing and Airbus Group SE <AIR.PA> have fallen from a year ago. At the same time, industry experts have said the market is somewhat oversupplied with jets, particularly larger and more expensive wide-body models. The slowdown has raised some questions about whether the manufacturers will maintain plans to boost output later this decade. "We're not doing this because we see this instantaneous moment to make a big splash. We see a business that our organization can build over time," said Lance Markowitz, MUFG's group head of leasing and asset finance in the Americas, in the same telephone interview. "It's a longer-term approach." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Trump in for a quickwake-up call when he takes office: Obama NZ evacuates quake-hit town cut off by landslides Malaysia committed to boosting trade ties with US, with or without TPP: Najib S Korean millenials lead rallying cry for Park’s resignation Trump is committed to Nato, Obama reassures allies Business China markets resilient post-Trump despite yuan plunge Temasek says Alibaba remains key part of its portfolio India offers host of opportunities for S’porean businesses Disputed memo says Britain has no Brexit plan EU starts marathon talks on budget review, Italy unhappy Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council University of Northern Iowa asking four presidential finalists to visit Marion schools receive $800,000 in Grant Wood support services All Hawkeyes' helmets are present and accounted for State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money C.R. RoughRiders bring in Estonian forward Robert Arrak Boeing's profit climbs on tax gains Expenses for 787 Dreamliner decline by $150 million Video Photo Reuters A Boeing 737 MAX plane is shown during a media tour of the Boeing plant in Renton, Wash. The Chicago-based company posted higher third-quarter earnings on tax gains and lower expenses for its 787 Dreamliner. Bloomberg Oct 26, 2016 at 4:10 pm | Print View Boeing’s profit climbed as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and lower expenses for the 787 Dreamliner, its costliest-ever jetliner. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup, wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The company in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The plane maker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion. Rockwell Collins in Cedar Rapids provides avionics and communications equipment for the 787 Dreamliner. Third-quarter revenue fell 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion as Boeing delivered 188 commercial jets, 11 fewer than a year earlier. Sales were also hurt as shipments fell for F-15 fighter jets and production ended on the C-17 military transport. Boeing’s commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $1.6 billion, down 10 percent from a year earlier. The company’s defense business earned $784 million from operations in the third quarter, a decline of 23 percent. Your next Business articles McDonald's tests Big Mac with a Sriracha ... Cedar Rapids City Council to vote on top ... Blairsferry housing development goes bef ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Apple drop spurs tech retreat but Boeing lifts Dow The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Posted 27 Oct 2016 05:10 Updated 27 Oct 2016 05:18 Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, (Photo: AP/Richard Drew) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The Nasdaq retreated on Wednesday (Oct 26) after disappointing Apple earnings pulled down the broader tech sector, while strong Boeing results lifted the Dow. Apple dropped 2.3 per cent after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 per cent to US$9 billion on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell one per cent or more ahead of their earnings releases on Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 per cent after the aerospace giant reported higher third-quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 30.06 points (0.17 per cent) to 18,199.33. The broad-based S&P 500 lost 3.73 points (0.17 per cent) at 2,139.43, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index sank 33.13 points (0.63 per cent) to 5,250.27. Companies in the S&P 500 have thus far in the quarterly reporting season shown on average 0.6 per cent higher earnings compared to the year-ago period, with 75 per cent beating expectations, according to Wells Fargo. However, it is still early, with more than three-fourths of S&P 500 companies yet to report. Coca-Cola finished down 0.3 per cent after third quarter profits fell less than expected, to US$1.05 billion in the quarter ended September 30 from US$1.45 billion a year earlier. Chipotle Mexican Grill sank 9.3 per cent as third quarter revenues slumped 14.8 per cent to US$1.0 billion, the latest sign of continued fallout from a series of food safety problems at the burrito chain. Big movers included Akamai Technologies, which surged nearly 15 per cent on strong growth in its cybersecurity business, while Edwards Lifesciences plummeted 17.0 per cent after reporting a sales miss for a key heart valve, despite a solid earnings report. Others with big moves following earnings included biotech company Biogen and food company Mondelez International, both of which gained 3.7 per cent, Southwest Airlines, which fell 8.5 per cent and oil-services company Weatherford International, which fell 6.8 per cent. Home improvement retailer Lowe's dropped 1.6 per cent after it was downgraded by both JPMorgan Chase and Wedbush. Oil prices fell again on Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - AFP/ec Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Japan's MUFG launches aviation finance business in the Americas By Reuters Published: 16:55 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:55 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Jeffrey Dastin Oct 26 (Reuters) - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc has launched a new business in the Americas to help airlines and other companies finance the purchase of planes, company executives told Reuters. The move highlights how large players in the aviation industry like MUFG remain confident that more travelers will take to the skies and that airlines will buy more aircraft, despite signs that demand for new jetliners is falling. Tokyo-based MUFG currently has aviation finance practices in Asia and Europe. "There are substantial needs in this space," said Olivier Trauchessec, managing director of the new unit, in a telephone interview Monday. "There's been a steady increase in aircraft orders over the past several years... (and) there is a very large number of aircraft that still need to be replaced." In July, U.S. plane maker Boeing Co forecast that airlines in the Americas would require 11,290 new planes over the next 20 years to replace aging aircraft as well as grow their fleets, representing a large opportunity for manufacturers and financing companies alike. The region is only second to Asia, which will require 15,130 planes, according to Boeing. Nearly 40,000 aircraft in total will be delivered through 2035, worth $5.9 trillion, Boeing said. MUFG provides debt to airlines, plane lessors and others through underwriting, export credit financing and other means. Trauchessec said MUFG also can benefit from the active trading between aircraft lessors and investors in the Americas. Economic slowdowns have cast doubt over future travel demand, and lower oil prices have allowed airlines to defer the delivery of fuel-saving planes while keeping older, gas-guzzling models in the air. Orders for the world's dominant plane makers Boeing and Airbus Group SE have fallen from a year ago. At the same time, industry experts have said the market is somewhat oversupplied with jets, particularly larger and more expensive wide-body models. The slowdown has raised some questions about whether the manufacturers will maintain plans to boost output later this decade. "We're not doing this because we see this instantaneous moment to make a big splash. We see a business that our organization can build over time," said Lance Markowitz, MUFG's group head of leasing and asset finance in the Americas, in the same telephone interview. "It's a longer-term approach." (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / October 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Gets Northrop & Boeing Lift Against Mixed US Stock Trade October 26 Market Close: GovCon Index Gets Northrop & Boeing Lift Against Mixed US Stock Trade Ross Wilkers October 26, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,143 Views Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index traded higher against mixed activity in U.S. stock markets Wednesday for a second consecutive session on large contributions from Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) after both aerospace-defense companies boosted their full-year outlooks. GovCon Index advancers edged laggers and nine of its S&P 500 companies gained as the latter U.S. stock bellwether closed narrowly down on declines in Apple after disappointing quarterly sales figures and real estate shares as investors also eyed a fall in crude oil prices. GCI-S&P companies Boeing and Northrop posted third quarter results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectation on earnings and revenue along with guidance increases a day after Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) topped analyst estimates and said it expects sales to jump 7 percent next year. Northrop hit a 52-week high during Wednesday’s trading session as did ICF (Nasdaq: ICFI), which closed fifth-lowest for GCI net performers. General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) closed second-lowest for GovCon Index net performers after investors took note of lower Gulfstream business jet deliveries during the third quarter that drove an 8.26-percent overall revenue decline from the prior year period. Third quarter revenue at General Dynamics fell below analyst forecasts and earnings per share topped Wall Street’s outlook. Key volume totals for GovCon Index stocks that released third quarter results are as follows: Boeing: 13.27 million shares traded at four-fold over the three-month average General Dynamics: 2.78 million shares traded to double the three-month average Northrop Grumman: 2.46 million shares traded at three-fold over the three-month average Other GCI- and S&P-listed defense contractors Raytheon (NYSE: RTN) and L-3 Communications (NYSE: LLL) state third quarter results before markets open Thursday, while government services provider CACI International (NYSE: CACI) will post after the close Wednesday and hold a call with analysts the morning after. Raytheon ended as the GCI’s fourth-best net performer Wednesday with shipbuilder Huntington Ingalls Industries (NYSE: HII) third and airplane electronics maker Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) fifth. Rockwell Collins’ stock has recovered roughly 42.47 percent of Monday decline on flat revenue guidance for its 2017 fiscal year that started at the beginning of October. Volume for Rockwell Collins shares totaled 3.1 million shares traded at nearly three-fold over the three-month average Wednesday and the company’s stock has exceeded the latter for three consecutive sessions. Maximus (NYSE: MMS) ended as the GovCon Index’s lowest percentage performer and second-worst for net movers. Financial shares led four advancing sectors in the S&P 500 versus seven decliners after economic data that showed the October services PMI index increased to 54.8 from 52.3 and new home sales climbed 3.1 percent in September. Crude oil futures in New York settled down 1.56 percent to $49.18 per barrel after the Energy Information Administration said U.S. stockpiles fell 600,000 barrels versus market expectations of a 1.7-million increase as traders are showing caution over the prospects of an OPEC agreement to cut production in late November, Reuters reported. Market Summary Index Value Net Change % Change GovCon Index 80.913 +0.695 +0.866% S&P 500 2,139.43 -3.73 -0.17% Dow Jones Industrial Average 18,199.33 +30.06 +0.17% NASDAQ 5,250.27 -33.13 -0.63% Advancing GovCon Index Issues 18 Declining GovCon Index Issues 12 Unchanged GovCon Index Issues 0 Top GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▴ % Change NOC Northrop Grumman * 228.05 +8.52 +3.88% BA Boeing * 145.54 +6.52 +4.69% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 159.29 +2.69 +1.72% RTN Raytheon * 141.28 +1.53 +1.09% COL Rockwell Collins 81.40 +1.40 +1.75% Top GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▴ BA Boeing * 145.54 +6.52 +4.69% NOC Northrop Grumman * 228.05 +8.52 +3.88% TXT Textron * 39.85 +0.72 +1.84% COL Rockwell Collins 81.40 +1.40 +1.75% HII Huntington Ingalls Industries 159.29 +2.69 +1.72% Lowest GovCon Index Net Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change ▾ % Change GD General Dynamics * 151.14 -1.45 -0.95% MMS Maximus 53.55 -1.12 -2.05% OA Orbital ATK 74.79 -0.35 -0.47% GIB CGI Group 47.18 -0.32 -0.67% ICFI ICF 46.05 -0.30 -0.65% Lowest GovCon Index Percentage Performers Symbol Company $ Current Price Net Change % Change ▾ MMS Maximus, Inc. 53.55 -1.12 -2.05% CSRA CSRA * 25.30 -0.26 -1.02% GD General Dynamics * 151.14 -1.45 -0.95% NAV Navistar International 22.46 -0.18 -0.80% BAH Booz Allen Hamilton 30.99 -0.24 -0.77% Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba bah Boeing Booz Allen CGI col crude CSRA earnings featured financial report gib govcon GovCon Index hii Huntington Ingalls ICF ICFI L-3 lll lmt Lockheed Martin Maximus mms NAV navistar noc Northrop Grumman OA oil OPEC Orbital ATK Raytheon revenue Rockwell Collins rtn S&P 500 sales textron TXT wall street Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 27 October 2016 | MYT 3:53 AM Boeing rally lifts Dow, Apple weighs on S&P, Nasdaq At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The AFP photo shows the front of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: A rally in Boeing’s shares helped the Dow reverse course in the early afternoon session on Wednesday, while Apple continued to weigh on the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Apple’s shares fell 2.6% after the world’s most valuable public company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. Apple was the top drag on all three major indexes. The S&P 500 technology index fell 0.25%, weighing the most on the benchmark index. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world’s largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The stock gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Dow. Movement on Wall Street has largely been dictated by corporate earnings in the past few weeks, but events such as the Nov 8 US presidential election and the Federal Reserve’s policy meet next week have added volatility. Overall earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 2.2%, snapping a four-quarter streak of profit declines, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to grow at a 2.9% rate. “The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The CBOE Market Volatility index was up for the second day in a row, after having been in negative territory for the past five trading days. “While earnings in the technology sector haven’t been fabulous, you are going to have better performance in general out of the sector, because revenue is still growing and they have great cash flow,” Nolte said. At 12:36pm ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27%, at 18,218.2. The S&P 500 was down 1.04 points, or 0.05%, at 2,142.12 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 16.97 points, or 0.32%, at 5,266.43. One bright spot on the Nasdaq was Mondelez, which is on track for its best day in nearly two months after reporting a third-quarter profit that beat estimates. Chipotle Mexican Grill was on track for its worst day this year, with its shares off 8.2% after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 13.6% after the medical device maker reported third-quarter sales that missed expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,678 to 1,156. On the Nasdaq, 1,482 issues fell and 1,168 advanced. The S&P showed nine new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 44 new highs and 56 new lows. - Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow By Reuters Published: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:24 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Rodrigo Campos Oct 26 (Reuters) - Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at $145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to $44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.217%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.67 -0.31%   Euro ▲ 1.0723 0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Airbus, Boeing Follow Own Paths to Further Growth Sales and delivery pushes are in focus at the two plane makers By Doug Cameron and Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Robert Wall Robert Wall The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyRobert Wall @R_Wall robert.wall@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 3:27 p.m. ET The world’s two largest aircraft makers laid out divergent year-end goals Wednesday as Boeing Co. said it needs to land new sales, while Airbus Group SE indicated that it would deliver more jets. Both companies are under pressure from investors to deliver on their orders of 10,000 jets valued at more than $1.5 trillion and maintain the momentum... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Boeing’s Profit Climbs on Tax Gains, Lower Costs for Dreamliner Boeing’s Profit Climbs on Tax Gains, Lower Costs for Dreamliner Wednesday, October 26, 2016 at 4:07 pm | כ"ד תשרי תשע"ז A Boeing 767 (Bloomberg) - Boeing’s profit climbed as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and lower expenses for the 787 Dreamliner, its costliest-ever jetliner. “The Boeing story continues to be all about execution and cash generation and this quarter didn’t disappoint despite a small hiccup in the company’s Space division,” Jason Gursky, an analyst at Citigroup, wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. Investors have been nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer in July reported its first quarterly loss in seven years and its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. Third-quarter earnings rose to $3.51 a share after adjusting for some pension expenses, Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement Wednesday. That topped the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02 billion expected. The results were boosted by 98 cents a share in tax-related gains. The plane maker signaled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts hadn’t included in their forecasts. Deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5 billion as Boeing worked to reap cash from the marquee aircraft. The shares were little changed at $138.97 at 9:32 a.m. in New York. Boeing’s stock declined 3.9 percent through Tuesday, in contrast to a 4.3 percent gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Investors have focused on cash and factory efficiency as aerospace sales have slowed. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg has vowed to return 100 percent of free cash flow to shareholders despite the demands of developing new aircraft and the risk of political and economic turmoil. Third-quarter revenue fell 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion as Boeing delivered 188 commercial jets, 11 fewer than a year earlier. Sales were also hurt as shipments fell for F-15 fighter jets and production ended on the C-17 military transport. Boeing’s commercial airplane business posted an operating profit of $1.6 billion, down 10 percent from a year earlier. The division’s operating margin fell to 9.4 percent from 10 percent. Muilenburg has stressed cost cutting and set a goal of double-digit profit margins for commercial jets next year. Since 80 percent of its deliveries through 2020 are firm orders and already priced, “that means that any additional cost reduction will go straight to the bottom line, rather than be competed away,” Douglas Harned, an aerospace analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc., said in an Oct. 17 report. “But, we would like to have more confidence that Boeing commercial airplanes truly can make progress on margin.” Boeing’s defense business earned $784 million from operations in the third quarter, a 23 percent decline, while operating margin dropped to 10.4 percent from 12.2 percent. Boeing also reported a $162 million accounting charge related to the CST-100 Starliner spacecraft it is developing to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. The company postponed its commercial crew test and development program for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration by six months because of supply-chain delays and a production flaw that forced the project to scrap the upper dome of the capsule to be used in the first manned flight test. Filed under: Airplane, Boeing, Earnings Print Email Gmail Related Passenger Jets Push Boeing’s Profit Up 18 Percent Faster Production Brings Boeing $965M 1Q Profit Boeing Adjusted 4Q Profit Beats, 2016 Outlook Disappoints Boeing Tops 1Q Profit Forecasts, Airplane Deliveries Rise Coca-Cola Enterprises 2Q Profit Climbs 8.8 Percent Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push Study: Most of Us Enjoy Our Work OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Nichum Aveilim 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Finance > Boeing Reports Higher Earnings, Lifts Forecast Boeing Reports Higher Earnings, Lifts Forecast Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7% from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Advertisement Boeing (IW 500/9) reported higher third-quarter earnings and lifted its full-year forecast on Oct. 26 following a solid performance in its commercial airplane deliveries. Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7% from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5%  to $23.9 billion. Operating profit fell both in Boeing's commercial and military divisions, yet the aerospace giant continued to book major orders for new commercial planes. The company also boosted its 2016 forecast for commercial plane deliveries to 745-750 from the prior range of 740-745. Commercial airplane deliveries are closely tied to revenues in the aerospace industry. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why The Internet of Things Will Make Manufacturing Smarter "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing's earnings translated to $3.51 per share, compared with analyst expectations of $2.62 per share. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Coca-Cola Earnings Rise on Higher Volumes Boeing Earnings Fall on Tanker Charge Boeing Earnings Soar in Third Quarter FINANCIAL ROUNDUP: GM Earnings Surge on Solid Sales in US, China Caterpillar Earnings Edge Higher THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters |  Oct 26, 2016 10:27 PM IST By Alwyn Scott (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIW2ea Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil down on supply concern By Reuters Published: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 14:52 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. equities on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, offsetting a boost from Boeing's strong profit, while oil fell more than 1 percent amid concerns of a global glut. Shares of Apple fell as much as 3.7 percent - set for their worst day in six months - after the company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row. The world's most valuable public company recovered some losses in later trading and was last down 2.8 percent. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to rise 2.9 percent. "The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. A rally by Boeing boosted the Dow. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 18.83 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,188.1, the S&P 500 lost 5.21 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,137.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.47 points, or 0.67 percent, to 5,247.93. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies continued to weigh on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories. But oil headed negative on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 78 cents or 1.56 percent. They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 91 cents, or 1.79 percent, at $49.88 at 2:36 p.m. ET (1836 GMT), their weakest level in nearly a month. CARNEY EFFECT In currency markets, sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.35 percent to $1.2229, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". The euro, which had slid to a 7 1/2-month low of $1.0851 on Tuesday, was up 0.2 percent to $1.0908. With investors looking ahead to U.S. third-quarter gross domestic product data on Friday, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six global peers, fell 0.12 percent to 98.604. It hit its highest level since Feb. 1 on Tuesday as traders saw a better than 78-percent chance of an interest rise hike by the Federal Reserve in December, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. The dollar extended modest gains against the yen, hitting a session high of 104.44 yen. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by by Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Ethan Lou and Alwyn Scott in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Earnings in focus as Apple weighs; Boeing lifts Dow Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Posted 26 Oct 2016 19:30 Updated 27 Oct 2016 04:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., October 25, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing. Apple, the world's largest exchange-traded company, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged that strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up. On the other hand, Boeing shares hit their highest level since Dec. 31 after the planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. Boeing closed up 4.7 percent at US$145.54. S&P 500 earnings have so far surprised on the upside, with the blended growth estimate at 2.2 percent, from a 0.5 percent decline expected at the start of this month. Of the companies that have reported, 74 percent have beaten analyst expectations - above the 70 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There's an expectation that when we finish the season that the earnings recession will be abated and that should be positive for the market going forward," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey. She said, however, that a number of earnings misses left the market in a tight range and in search of a stronger catalyst. "The market looks tired," Krosby said. "Breadth has been narrowing and that has a number of (technical analysts)telegraphing caution." The number of weekly 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange has diminished sharply from the year's peak in late June, at more than 1,500, to less than 400 last week and just 262 so far this week. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.4 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Chipotle Mexican Grill shares slumped 9.3 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants. Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 17.1 percent after the medical device maker's third-quarter sales missed expectations. On the positive column, Mondelez added 3.6 percent to US$44.32 after its quarterly profit beat estimates and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Earlier, economic data showed new home sales unexpectedly rose and both wholesale and retail inventories increased in September, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply, suggesting a stronger pickup in economic growth in the third quarter than is currently anticipated. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.21-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 5 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Posted 26 Oct 2016 19:45 Updated 27 Oct 2016 03:20 Boeing facilities are seen in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to US$3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of US$10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to US$136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to US$145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by US$500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between US$93.5 billion and US$95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about US$150 million in the quarter to US$27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at US$28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to US$3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were US$2.81 a share, compared with the US$2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to US$23.90 billion from US$25.85 billion in the quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens Trade, e-commerce primary factors driving growth Dedicated freighters continue to play key role in industry News provided by Boeing Oct 26, 2016, 14:00 ET Share this article PARIS, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] projects air cargo traffic will grow at an annual rate of 4.2 percent over the next 20 years, with 930 new and 1,440 converted freighters needed to meet market demand by 2035. The company released its biennial World Air Cargo Forecast at TIACA (The International Air Cargo Association) Air Cargo Forum and Exhibition in Paris today. "The air cargo market has faced several years of below trend growth," said Randy Tinseth, vice president, Marketing, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "As trade continues to recover, we're confident the air cargo market will see growth over the long-term." Boeing projects the e-commerce market will be one of the primary factors driving that growth, reaching $3.6 trillion by 2020. Additionally, China's express market keeps expanding, with a five-year growth rate of 55 percent in volume and 39 percent in revenue. The forecast shows markets linked to Asia will lead all other international markets in average air cargo growth. Dedicated freighters still carry more than half of air cargo traffic and remain the leading cargo capacity provider. Boeing forecasts that the world air cargo fleet will expand by 70 percent by 2035, adding a total of 2,370 freighters to the market. The forecast sees demand for 550 large production freighters, 380 production medium widebody freighters, 400 widebody conversion freighters and 1,040 medium conversion freighters. Boeing products make up more than 90 percent of the world's dedicated freighter capacity. Boeing offers integrated solution for freighter operators, whether they carry express cargo or industrial goods. "Air cargo is critical to global trade, and Boeing offers the most comprehensive product lineup in the industry," said Tinseth. "Our airplanes provide capacity and reliability advantages that will help our customers adapt and succeed in the evolving air cargo marketplace." From standard-body freighters to large freighters, the Boeing Freighter Family has an unmatched selection of capacity and capability with superior economics. Boeing offers a complete family of production freighters – the 767-300, 777 and 747-8 Freighters – as well as the 737BCF and 767-300BCF conversion freighters. The 2016 World Air Cargo Forecast is available for download here. Boeing has published the biennial World Air Cargo Forecast for the past three decades. Contact: Elizabeth Bieri Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications +1 206-465-2438 elizabeth.e.bieri@boeing.com  www.boeing.com    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-forecasts-world-air-cargo-traffic-to-grow-long-term-as-economy-strengthens-300351580.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com Oct 27, 2016, 09:41 ET Preview: Boeing, UPS Announce Order for 14 747-8 Freighters Oct 26, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 10:01 ETBoeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Nov 01, 2016, 08:28 ETBoeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Travel Industry Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Boeing Forecasts World Air Cargo Traffic to Grow Long Term as Economy Strengthens News provided by Boeing Oct 26, 2016, 14:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month -CEO By Reuters Published: 13:51 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 13:51 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co will not cut production of its 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and will take more time to decide whether a cut is needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Boeing already plans to cut production of the wide-body plane to seven a month next year from 8.3 currently, and many experts expect a further cut to five a month due to slow sales and transition to a successor jet, the 777X. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chris Reese) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Boeing rally lifts Dow, Apple weighs on S&P, Nasdaq | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump with the US elections? Firstpost. Wednesday, November 16, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Demonetisation: Good in long-term, bad in short-term; trade across India down by 25%, claims trade body Rahul Gandhi lashes out against Modi, says demonetisation could be a a mega scam 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Pranab Mukherjee Demonetisation looms over Winter Session: Modi govt braces for rough start tomorrow Sports ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC back in reckoning after 2-0 win over FC Pune City Demonetisation: Pune International Marathon postponed, will be rescheduled in January 2017 Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick hints at retirement after end of season Ranji roundup: Suryakumar Yadav helps Mumbai set UP a stiff target; Railways close in on victory Ranji Trophy: Selectors give Delhi's training a skip two days before team is announced India vs England: Amit Mishra admits to not bowling 'very well'; promises better show in Vizag Test India Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources | Reuters Demonetisation: Is Narendra Modi's move already working? Rs 30 lakh cash found in Guwahati drain Reversing the trend of previous weeks, petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying | Reuters Demonetisation: News18 sting operation reveals how black money helps hire Pakistani artistes World India's NSG bid: China must give in to its peers in elite group or risk isolation Leaked memo claims Britain has no Brexit plan, may need six more months Egyptian court cancels former president Mohamed Morsi's death sentence Nato chief 'certain' Donald Trump will live up to US commitments to the alliance UN chief Ban Ki-moon voices 'hope' Donald Trump will understand climate urgency Donald Trump meets Mike Pence to discuss US Cabinet appointments Business Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Sensex bleeds 514 points to 6-month low on fund outflow, weak rupee Owaisi draws govt's attention to currency ink, silver thread, says Pakistan has same supplier Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry spat: Independent directors hold the key as battle escalates Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Celebrating Kamal Haasan: How the actor became bigger than his medium Watch: The Ghost in the Shell trailer has too many white people to be set in Japan Dear Zindagi Take 4: SRK's voiceover and Alia's emotional turmoil make for an intense teaser Jagga Jasoos first look: Ranbir Kapoor's 'cute' avatar is well-timed with Children's Day Gautham Menon on AYM: 'Demonetisation has given the film an extra two-week run' Netflix but no chill? Online downloads, subscriptions from foreign sites to get 15 % tax US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Boeing rally lifts Dow, Apple weighs on S&P, Nasdaq | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 26, 2016 23:15 IST #Argentina   #article   #Iraq   #NASDAQ   #science   #Technology   #United States   By Yashaswini Swamynathan A rally in Boeing's shares helped the Dow reverse course in the early afternoon session on Wednesday, while Apple continued to weigh on the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. Apple's shares fell 2.6 percent after the world's most valuable public company said sales of its flagship iPhones fell for the third quarter in a row.Apple was the top drag on all three major indexes. The S&P 500 technology index fell 0.25 percent, weighing the most on the benchmark index. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The stock gave the biggest boost to the S&P and the Dow.Movement on Wall Street has largely been dictated by corporate earnings in the past few weeks, but events such as the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election and the Federal Reserve's policy meet next week have added volatility. Overall earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 2.2 percent, snapping a four-quarter streak of profit declines, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Excluding Apple, earnings are expected to grow at a 2.9 percent rate. "The markets have been rallying in anticipation of good numbers and earnings have been coming in a little bit soft," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The CBOE Market Volatility index was up for the second day in a row, after having been in negative territory for the past five trading days. "While earnings in the technology sector haven't been fabulous, you are going to have better performance in general out of the sector, because revenue is still growing and they have great cash flow," Nolte said. At 12:36 a.m. ET (1636 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 48.93 points, or 0.27 percent, at 18,218.2.The S&P 500 was down 1.04 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,142.12 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 16.97 points, or 0.32 percent, at 5,266.43.One bright spot on the Nasdaq was Mondelez, which is on track for its best day in nearly two months after reporting a third-quarter profit that beat estimates. Chipotle Mexican Grill was on track for its worst day this year, with its shares off 8.2 percent after the restaurant chain operator reported a bigger-than-expected drop in quarterly sales at established restaurants.Edwards Lifesciences was the biggest loser on the S&P 500, falling 13.6 percent after the medical device maker reported third-quarter sales that missed expectations.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,678 to 1,156. On the Nasdaq, 1,482 issues fell and 1,168 advanced.The S&P showed nine new 52-week highs and five new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 44 new highs and 56 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 26, 2016 23:15 IST Related News U.S. House reauthorises Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions | Reuters Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg | Reuters Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks | Reuters Exclusive: Snapchat has filed confidentially for its IPO - sources | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years PM Modi Discusses the Possibility of State Funding of Elections - News18 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Vivo V5 first impressions: Has the makings of a perfect selfie smartphone Co-working office spaces: Can Mumbai match the mounting demand? - Moneycontrol US college rush: Indian students on American campuses rocket by 25 percent Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted | Reuters Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal | Reuters Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers | Reuters Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports | Reuters U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Home News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Radar Forecast Current conditions Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic map Local News NC News National International Politics Check This Out What’s Next Education #Brake4Buses Entertainment WNCN News App Safe Drive Pledge Consumer Protection Health with Dr. Campbell Watch Live CBS on WNCN Featured: Campaign 2016 HB2 Latest Headlines Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash Updated: 13 mins ago AUBURN, Maine (AP) — A farm where a teenager died in a hayride crash acknowledged for the first time Tuesday that criminal negligence played… Judge rules against polygamous sect in food-stamp fraud case Updated: 13 mins ago SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A federal judge refused Tuesday to dismiss food stamp fraud charges filed against members of a polygamous group, rebuf… Fayetteville rape suspect held on $250,000 bond Updated: 13 mins ago Study: Corruption seen as a great challenge in Europe, Asia Updated: 3 mins ago UN committee votes to condemn Russian occupation of Crimea Updated: 22 mins ago Weather Weather Hurricane Central Radar Current conditions Flight tracker Weather Alerts WNCN Weather App Webcams Satellite SatRad Severe Forecast 3-Degree Guarantee Closings Current Conditions 52° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 52° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 71% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 6:51 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: N. Carolina TV listings Investigates Sports UNC College basketball Duke N.C. State On the Rise Hurricanes High school Pro sports WNCN Blitz What’s On TV Listings CBS Shows CBS North Carolina Business Leaders Pet of the Day AntennaTV Technical Help Watch Live About Us News Team Technical Help #Brake4Buses At Your Service WNCN Mobile Apps CBS on WNCN Search for: Search the site 52° F Few Clouds Hi: 64° F Lo: 39° F Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DAVID KOENIG, The Associated Press Published: October 26, 2016, 1:28 pm Updated: October 26, 2016, 3:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) DALLAS (AP) — Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing’s military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement 70s coming before strong weekend cold front 5:37 pm Get the latest weather forecast from the CBS North Carolina weather team. NORTH CAROLINA NEWS The Latest: State board investigates Bladen absentee ballots Updated: 13 mins ago DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — The Latest on the post-Election Day counting of ballots for the close North Carolina governor’s race (all times local): … Parties continue to maneuver as NC governor’s race remains tight Updated: 37 mins ago A week after the election, the race for governor remains tight in North Carolina. Music, program director for Billy Graham dies at 93 Updated: 13 mins ago CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Cliff Barrows, the long-time music and program director for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, has died after… Supreme Court OKs appointing “substitute justice” to fill in Updated: 13 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The North Carolina Supreme Court says it can bring back a retired justice to help out when a current justice is recused… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WNCN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Media General Communications Holdings, LLC. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Station Contact us Work at CBS North Carolina Closings Closed Captioning Terms of Use Privacy Policy Business Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC Public File email jwilliams@wncn.com EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Stocks mixed as more profits miss mark; Apple falls 3% Adam Shell , USA TODAY , KHOU 11:44 AM. CDT October 26, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Stocks cut early losses and were trading mixed Wednesday as investors continue to grapple with the trend of U.S. corporate earnings "beats" being offset by companies that fall short of forecasts continues to keep the broad market in its sideways pattern. In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 50 points, or 0.3%, after being down about 100 points earlier. Dow component profit beats from soft-drink maker Coca-Cola (KO) and aerospace giant Boeing (BA) were competing with disappointing results from iPhone maker Apple (AAPL), which topped earnings estimates by a penny but clocked in its third straight quarter of declining revenue and its first full-year revenue decline in 15 years. Coca-Cola shares were up 0.3% and Boeing's stock surged more than 2%. But Apple was selling off to the tune of almost 3%. The blue chip Dow has closed lower three of the past four trading sessions, leaving it down 2.5% from its Aug. 15 record high and up 4.3% in 2016. The broad Standard & Poor's 500 stock index was flat and the Nasdaq composite index was down 0.2%. The broad market was also dragged down by another drop below $50 per barrel for U.S.-produced crude oil. Stocks were broadly lower in Europe and Asia. The broad Stoxx Europe 600 index was off 0.9%, and shares were lower in Germany, France and Britain. In Asia, despite a 0.2% gain for Japan's Nikkei 225, major stock indexes closed lower in Hong Kong and Shanghai. In other earning news, Wall Street was reacting to by a big profit miss from restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG), which is still reeling from its food-safety issue, and cuts to the full-year forecast from music streamer Pandora (P) and hotel chain Wyndham Worldwide (WYN). Chipotle shares were off nearly 7%, Pandora was down more than 7% and Wyndham was down more than 4%. The earnings picture is being closely watched, as third-quarter profit growth has turned positive, which has raised hopes that the so-called profits recession will end at four quarters. Still, some of the profit reports have come in weak and so-called forward guidance from CEOs has been leaning to the negative side. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS 4-year-old killed as mom is robbed Search for missing mother from Spring Woman and children shot, 4-year-old dead Woman accused of punching police horse faces judge HISD trustee's tweet compares Trump to Hitler Mother accused of stashing exotic animals Cy-Fair ISD teacher charged with sexual assault Woman shot and killed in home near Katy Is your vehicle on a recall list? Here's how to find out More Stories HPD: 10-year-old boy shot his dad on the way to school Nov 15, 2016, 4:48 p.m. Boyfriend charged in Baytown teen's murder Nov 15, 2016, 5:32 p.m. Police question man about child's murder Nov 14, 2016, 9:11 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters Oct 26, 2016 (…) © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Updated at 11 a.m. Boeing Co. on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Boeing Share Profit View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing posts $2.3 billion 3Q profit, boosts 2016 revenue guidance Boeing posts $2.3 billion 3Q profit, boosts 2016 revenue guidance Oct 26, 2016 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 787-10 Boeing Related Media Aviation News Gallery: This Week in Pictures-Oct. 24-28, 2016 Advertisement Boeing reported a $2.28 billion consolidated net profit for the third quarter of 2016, up 33.7% from the company’s $1.7 billion net profit in 3Q 2015. Concurrently, Boeing increased its 2016 revenue guidance by $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion, based on higher commercial deliveries, the company said. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter … generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” Boeing president and CEO Dennis Muilenburg said. “We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog.” Consolidated third-quarter revenue was $23.9 billion, down 7.6% year-over-year (YOY); consolidated expenses were $19.9 billion, down 7.9% YOY. Operating income for the quarter was $2.28 billion, down 11.6% YOY. Boeing’s Commercial Airplanes division reported $16.97 billion in revenue for the third quarter, down 4.1% YOY; the division’s operating profit for the quarter was $1.6 billion, down 9.7% YOY. Commercial Airplanes delivered 188 aircraft during the quarter, down 5.5% YOY from 199 aircraft delivered in the 2015 September quarter.  The manufacturer booked 107 net orders for commercial aircraft during the quarter, bringing its backlog to over 5,600 aircraft, valued at $409 billion. Commercial Airplanes division’s operating margin for the quarter was 9.4%, down 0.6 point YOY, reflecting delivery volume and mix, Boeing said, partially offset by lower period costs. “We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts,” Muilenburg said. "We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments.” During the quarter, Boeing began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The company said it remains on track to raise the production rate for 737 MAX aircraft to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing reports strong 3Q; Commercial Airplanes posts $14 billion revenue   Boeing 3Q net profit up 25% to $1.7 billion   Copa Holdings posts $74 million 3Q net profit, record load factor Bombardier narrows 3Q net loss, commercial aircraft revenue up 12% Financial Roundup: World Airlines’ 3Q and 9M results   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Boeing 3rd-qtr profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue outlook Reuters |  Oct 26, 2016 06:39 PM IST By Alwyn Scott (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue and notched up its sales forecast for the full year, saying it planned to deliver more jetliners than it originally thought. Factoring out a one-time tax benefit, the results showed the impact of cost reductions and leaner manufacturing at the world's biggest plane maker. Boeing is cutting costs to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion. Deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750 from 740 to 745, and kept its operating cash flow target of more than $10 billion unchanged. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, Boeing said, prompting the company to raise its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing's earnings rose to $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the quarter, from $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of $2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Boeing shares dipped 0.4 percent at $138.40 in premarket trading. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIW2XM Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe Business Energy Local Business Technology |Featured: Police surveillance scandal Métro at 50 Hockey Inside/Out Aislin, Boris & Gigot | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Pascal and Boris cartoons Television Stuck in the Middle avec moi: Feux is Quebec TV ... News SSJB files complaints to OQLF over English-only websites in St-Laurent Local Arts Édouard Lock's steps to greatness honoured by Prix de la ... Driving.ca Driving: Don’t persecute the tinkerers, celebrate them 5 / 5 Business a.m.: Boeing makes billions, Ericsson names new CEO Paul Delean, Montreal Gazette More from Paul Delean, Montreal Gazette Published on: October 26, 2016 | Last Updated: October 26, 2016 10:00 AM EST Boeing made $2.2 billion (U.S.) in Q3. Stephen Brashear / 2015 Getty Images Share Adjust Comment Print Here’s our look at the big stories this morning on the business beat: Boeing still soaring: U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. is still making big money. The company today reported third-quarter earnings of $2.28 billion (U.S.), beating analyst estimates. The airplane builder posted revenue of $23.9 billion in the period, also topping forecasts. Boeing expects full-year earnings in the range of $6.80 to $7 per share, with revenue in the range of $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion. CEO named at Ericsson: Swedish mobile networks company Ericsson, a major employer in the Montreal area,  has named longtime board member Borje Ekholm as its new CEO, in a bid to turn around the company amid a decline in the industry. The company, which has been struggling against fierce competition, recently announced 3,000 layoffs in Sweden and said it will downsize operations as part of its global plan to cut costs by $1 billion in 2017. Ekholm is currently executive head of Patricia Industries, a division in Investor AB — the biggest stake holder in Ericsson. The 53-year-old executive, who has been an Ericsson board member for 10 years, will remain on the board when he takes on the role as CEO on Jan. 16. Chief Financial Officer Jan Frykhammer will remain interim CEO until that date. Ericsson, one of the world’s leading mobile network operators, in July sacked its previous CEO to find a new leader “to drive the next phase in Ericsson’s development.” Ericsson employs 115,000 people in 180 countries and has 2.5 billion network subscribers. Malls need a makeover: The rise of online shopping is forcing Canadian malls to diversify and become destinations that offer a range of services including entertainment and sporting venues in addition to traditional clothing stores, speakers told a real estate conference in Montreal. “The mall has to become more interesting,” said Eric Foster, a real estate consultant who helped develop the large, mixed-use DIX30 shopping complex on Montreal’s south shore. Its amenities include 65 restaurants, food shopping, an indoor soccer venue and a training centre for the Montreal Canadiens. “We have to give different reasons for people to move out of the house, take the car and get to the mall in a nicer environment, with more choices,” said Foster. While some large mall owners are investing in changes, he said considerable spending is required because many properties in urban centres like Montreal are more than 40 years old. Power centres that only offer a series of big stores is not the answer, he added. Consumers of all ages, but particularly millennials, are seeking places to meet others and enjoy new experiences and malls can deliver that venue, said Emeka Mayes, director of acquisitions for First Capital Realty, one of Canada’s largest commercial property owners with 161 properties in four provinces. “I think it is important to not only try to fill the empty stores but to think more long-term to have a good mix of tenants,” she said. Manon Larose, vice-president of retail leasing for Quebec-based Cominar, said Canadian malls have to reinvent themselves to convince people to stay longer and spend more money. That includes adding daycare centres, medical facilities and gyms — a change from a few decades ago when some malls were loathe to even have supermarkets or restaurants occupy many parking spots, she said. Mayor talks infrastructure: Do you consider the city of Montreal’s approach to infrastructure “pragmatic, coherent and responsible”? Mayor Denis Coderre does. That’s the theme of his luncheon speech today to the Chamber of Commerce of Metropolitan Montreal. He’ll be speaking at the Palais des Congrès. Oil skid: Crude oil prices are retreating again, dropping from over $51 (U.S.) a barrel last week to just over $49 (U.S.) in trading today. And the long-term outlook isn’t improving. Canada’s National Energy Board has revised down its long-term outlook for oil prices and Canadian production in the face of lower global industry costs and stricter environmental regulations. In an update released today, the regulator projects inflation-adjusted oil prices rising to $68 (U.S.) a barrel by 2020 and $90 by 2040, $12 and $17 a barrel lower, respectively, than in its January report. “A lot of it is the ability of oil production to be sustained at lower prices,” said Shelley Milutinovic, chief economist at the NEB. “There’s an expectation that somewhere between $40 and $60 dollars a barrel, you can get a lot of oil production around the world.” The lower prices are expected to translate to lower long-term production for Canada, where costs are comparatively high.  Stock drop: Falling oil prices were a factor as global stock markets dropped today. The Canadian dollar is also weaker, down a fraction to 74.8 cents (U.S.). The Toronto Stock Exchange declined 0.35 per cent on Tuesday.  pdelean@postmedia.com Business a.m.: Metro adds online grocery shopping, deadline looms for EU... Duelling injectors: EpiPen competitor Auvi-Q stages a comeback Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Stocks Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Autorité des Marchés Financiers Sponsored by Going it alone: Understanding the world of independent investing Planning for retirement: Understanding the impact of inflation and life expectancy Fund Facts: How to get a clear overview of your investments Diversifying your portfolio: What, how, and why Account statements: How to read them properly Investment funds 101: What they are and what they do News Releases Business Wire Royal Gold Increases Common Stock Dividend 4.4% to $0.96 per Share Cintas Recognized as an Aon Best Employer in Canada for the 9th Time SCOREART.COM Launches Exclusive Wall Art to Celebrate the Chicago Cubs Victory Lawson Products Acquires Mattic Industries More News Releases News Releases CNW Group MFDA Hearing Panel issues Reasons for Decision in the matter of Keith Lorne Davis MFDA announces disciplinary proceeding in respect of Gerard Van Schothorst MFDA announces disciplinary proceeding in respect of Jean-Francois Rousseau MFDA announces settlement hearing to take place in respect of Jean-Francois Rousseau More News Releases News Releases Marketwire Water Leaders "Bringing Water Together" at ACWA Fall Conference & Exhibition BrainChip Announces the Appointment of Julie H. Stein to the Board of Directors Pacific Iron Ore Corporation: Unable to Close Transaction on Sale of Ontario Gold Properties Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces 2016 Third Quarter Results and Board Changes Active Investor This content was created by Postmedia Works in association with iShares by BlackRock for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. x Sponsored byiShares by BlackRock Modest Fed rate hike could be good news for Canadian stocks Canadian trade stuck in neutral Long-term social, political divisions await next U.S. president Staying one step ahead: Managing risks in an uncertain world The Owner's Manual This story was created by Postmedia Works in association with FundThrough for commercial purposes. Postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content. x Sponsored byFundThrough Two services to ensure you never miss payroll Five marketing growth tips for entrepreneurs Five essential tools for small business success Building the winning ways Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Business a.m.: Boeing makes billions, Ericsson names new CEO Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing Co. Earnings: Cash Flow Keeps Rising Boeing continues to churn out lots of cash, despite declining output of the highly profitable 777 jet. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Earnings per share soared 39% year over year at Boeing (NYSE:BA) last quarter. Before investors break out the champagne, though, it's important to recognize that all of this supposed earnings growth came from a pair of favorable tax adjustments. Boeing reported solid Q3 earnings on Wednesday. Image source: Boeing. Nevertheless, Boeing also reported strong growth in free cash flow, a key metric that is relatively immune to one-time accounting adjustments. Boeing's free cash flow should continue to rise in the next few years as it raises production of its workhorse 737 jet and works to improve the profitability of the 787 Dreamliner program. Q3 by the numbers At the beginning of 2016, Boeing's management forecast that revenue would decline this year, due to a reduction in commercial airplane deliveries. After a year-over-year revenue increase during the first half of 2016, this scenario began to play out in Q3. Metric  Q3 2016 Q3 2015 Growth (YOY) Revenue $23.9 billion $25.8 billion (7.5%) Commercial airplane deliveries 188 199 (5.5%) Core operating margin 9.2% 10.2% N/A Free cash flow $2.6 billion $2.3 billion 13.4% Core EPS (adjusted) $3.51 $2.52 39.3% Total order backlog $462 billion $485 billion (4.7%) Data source: Boeing Q3 2016 earnings release. YOY = year over year. Revenue fell 7.5% year over year last quarter on a 5.5% decline in deliveries for the commercial airplanes segment. On a net basis, Boeing's aircraft production is actually rising, but some of the planes being built are the new 737 MAX, which won't be ready for its first delivery until sometime in 2017. Additionally, output of the current-generation 777 is starting to slow, as some buyers wait for the next-generation 777X to arrive around 2020. Excluding $0.98 of tax benefits, EPS was roughly flat on a year-over-year basis. Boeing's ongoing share repurchases reduced its share count by 8% relative to Q3 2015, helping to offset a decline in its pre-tax earnings. Free cash flow continues to improve Free cash flow is the most important metric for Boeing investors to focus on right now, as program accounting can lead to a sharp disconnect between accounting profit and cash earnings. Through the first half of 2016, free cash flow surged 44% year over year. In Q3, the increase was a more modest 13.4%. Nevertheless, this continued double-digit growth in free cash flow is great news for investors. Boeing bears have repeatedly warned over the past year that 777 production cuts will lead to falling free cash flow going forward. In Q3, Boeing delivered only 22 777s, down from 27 a year earlier. The company's quarterly results thus provide a preview of what cash flow will look like as 777 production declines. So far, it looks like there's no reason to worry. Looking ahead Boeing raised its commercial airplanes delivery guidance for 2016 by five units on Wednesday. It now expects to deliver 745 to 750 airplanes this year. As a result, it also increased its full-year revenue guidance by $500 million to a range of $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion. Adjusting for the tax items recorded last quarter, Boeing's EPS guidance remained roughly the same. That's a fairly good result, considering that Boeing recorded a $162 million pre-tax charge during Q3 related to delays in its program to build a new spacecraft to take astronauts to the International Space Station. Boeing hasn't provided formal guidance for 2017 yet, but CEO Dennis Muilenburg stated last month that revenue would be roughly flat, while profit and cash flow would both increase. Boeing's ability to manage through last quarter's decline in 777 deliveries bodes well for its ability to meet that informal forecast. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 9:51AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Read More Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Wednesday, October 26, 2016  |  Muharram 25, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Boeing has benfited from reduced production costs on its 787 Dreamliner, pictured here taking off from the Boeing Field in Seattle. Jim Anderson / EPA Boeing's first 737 MAX, named the "Spirit of Renton", parked on the tarmac at the Boeing factory in Renton, Washington, in December. The plane maker has upped its delivery target for the year. Jason Redmond / AFP Boeing profit beats estimates as Dreamliner becomes cheaper to make October 26, 2016 Updated: October 26, 2016 05:41 PM Related Dreamliner to provide lift for Boeing even if 777 output hits downdraught Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service Jet-engine maker Pratt the butt of $10bn dollar jokes Topics: Boeing Boeing has reported profit that beat analysts’ expectations as the plane maker benefited from one-time tax gains and moderating production costs for the 787 Dreamliner. Third-quarter earnings were US$3.51 a share excluding a one-time accounting charge and some pension expenses, the Chicago company said. That was more than the $2.67 average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Free cash flow of $2.61 billion exceeded the $2.02bn that analysts had expected. Net income was $2.3bn, up 33.7 per cent from the year-ago period. Revenues were down 7.5 per cent to $23.9bn. Operating profit fell both in Boeing’s commercial and military divisions, yet the aerospace giant continued to book major orders for new commercial planes. Boeing signalled in July that it would receive a tax benefit of 28 cents a share stemming from an audit of its federal income taxes for 2011 and 2012. Earnings were also bolstered by another 70 cents a share in tax-related gains that analysts had not included in their forecasts. The results may soothe investors who are nervous that the global aerospace market is cooling and wary of Boeing after recent earnings disappointments. The manufacturer reported its first quarterly loss in seven years in July while its first-quarter results missed analysts’ estimates for the first time in five years. The plane maker raised its commercial aircraft delivery forecast for the year, sending its shares higher. The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745. Boeing shares rose 3.6 per cent to $144 at 7:36am in New York, in early morning trading. The stock declined 3.9 per cent through Tuesday, in contrast to a 4.3 per cent gain for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The balance of deferred production costs for the 787 Dreamliner fell by $150 million from the previous quarter to $27.5bn as Boeing worked to reap cash from its costliest-ever aircraft. The company also raised its 2016 sales forecast by $500m, to a range of $93.5bn to $95.5bn, on higher expected deliveries of commercial aircraft. Sales in the third quarter fell 7.5 per cent to $23.9bn after the company delivered 11 fewer jetliners than a year earlier. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said the Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. * Agencies business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Dreamliner to provide lift for Boeing even if 777 output hits downdraught Emirates’ Boeing 777X passengers will find flying an entertaining experience Airbus and Boeing jet engine maker forecasts higher profit for the year Etihad to deploy Boeing 787 Dreamliner in Abu Dhabi-Tokyo Narita service More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Review: Joyable app helps ease social anxiety at work Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first More Most Viewed Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae

DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.217%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.71 -0.22%   Euro ▲ 1.0723 0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Shoppers Ramp Up Spending Ahead of Key Holiday Shopping Season Wal-Mart Tells Workers: Don’t Download Labor Group’s Chat App Gap Names Former Kraft Finance Chief as Next CFO Ford CEO Wary of Trump’s Talk About Tariffs and Nafta Legal Damages Upheld in Fatal Jeep Fire Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers Boeing To Cut Defense Jobs VW, Audi May Face Higher Costs From Emissions Issues Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Earnings Boeing Raises Guidance on Tax Benefit But commercial jet order activity is moderating By Doug Cameron and Doug Cameron The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDoug Cameron @dougcameron Doug.Cameron@dowjones.com Anne Steele Anne Steele The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyAnne Steele @AnneMarieSteele anne.steele@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 10:55 a.m. ET Boeing Co. on Wednesday reported forecast-beating third quarter profit and boosted its full-year guidance after a tax gain, but said commercial jet order activity was moderating. Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on a call with analysts Wednesday that the aircraft maker will decide in the next two months whether to cut output of its 777 passenger jet and is considering a trim of one or two jets a month from its existing... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance By Published: Oct 26, 2016 7:30 a.m. ET Share CHICAGO, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Strong operating cash flow of $3.2 billion; repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion GAAP EPS of $3.60 and core EPS (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 on solid execution and tax items Revenue of $23.9 billion on timing of aircraft deliveries Backlog remains robust at $462 billion with more than 5,600 commercial airplane orders Cash and marketable securities of $9.7 billion provide strong liquidity 2016 revenue guidance increased $500 million on higher deliveries 2016 GAAP EPS and core EPS (non-GAAP)* guidance increased $0.70 for additional tax adjustment Table 1. Summary Financial Results Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues $23,898 $25,849 (8)% $71,285 $72,541 (2)% GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 (12)% $3,651 $6,282 (42)% Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% (0.5) Pts 5.1% 8.7% (3.6) Pts Net Earnings $2,279 $1,704 34% $3,264 $4,150 (21)% Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 46% $5.04 $5.92 (15)% Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 12% $7,667 $6,244 23% Non-GAAP* Core Operating Earnings $2,194 $2,637 (17)% $3,400 $6,482 (48)% Core Operating Margin 9.2% 10.2% (1.0) Pts 4.8% 8.9% (4.1) Pts Core Earnings Per Share $3.51 $2.52 39% $4.79 $6.11 (22)% * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."        The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items ($0.98 per share), and timing of aircraft deliveries (Table 1). Revenue guidance has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. "We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog." "We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world." "We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. At the same time, we are positioning Boeing for further growth through our intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company."    Table 2. Cash Flow Third Quarter Nine months (Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 $7,667 $6,244 Less Additions to Property, Plant & Equipment ($595) ($561) ($2,014) ($1,827) Free Cash Flow* $2,607 $2,298 $5,653 $4,417 * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."        Operating cash flow in the quarter was $3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance (Table 2). During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorization. The company also paid $0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 percent increase in dividends per share compared to the same period of the prior year. Table 3. Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt Balances Quarter-End (Billions) Q3 16 Q2 16 Cash $9.0 $8.6 Marketable Securities1 $0.7 $0.7 Total $9.7 $9.3 Debt Balances: The Boeing Company, net of intercompany loans to BCC $8.1 $8.7 Boeing Capital, including intercompany loans $2.4 $2.3 Total Consolidated Debt $10.5 $11.0 1Marketable securities consists primarily of time deposits due within one year classified as "short-term investments."   Cash and investments in marketable securities totaled $9.7 billion, up from $9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was $10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt (Table 3). Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Segment Results Commercial Airplanes Table 4. Commercial Airplanes Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 188 199 (6)% 563 580 (3)% Revenues $16,973 $17,692 (4)% $48,828 $49,950 (2)% Earnings from Operations $1,597 $1,768 (10)% $1,657 $4,591 (64)% Operating Margin 9.4% 10.0% (0.6) Pts 3.4% 9.2% (5.8) Pts   Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume (Table 4). Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 percent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, we began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 program has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we continued to grow our services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space & Security Table 5. Defense, Space & Security Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues1 Boeing Military Aircraft $3,260 $4,037 (19)% $9,898 $10,237 (3)% Network & Space Systems $1,701 $2,127 (20)% $5,246 $5,797 (10)% Global Services & Support $2,547 $2,186 17% $7,494 $6,569 14% Total BDS Revenues $7,508 $8,350 (10)% $22,638 $22,603 — Earnings from Operations1 Boeing Military Aircraft $434 $494 (12)% $943 $874 8% Network & Space Systems $35 $245 (86)% $336 $563 (40)% Global Services & Support $315 $283 11% $920 $874 5% Total BDS Earnings from Operations $784 $1,022 (23)% $2,199 $2,311 (5)% Operating Margin 10.4% 12.2% (1.8) Pts 9.7% 10.2% (0.5) Pts 1 During the first quarter of 2016, certain programs were realigned between Boeing Military Aircraft and Global Services & Support.   Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program (Table 5). Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 percent, reflecting program mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to $1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 percent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development program. The charge includes a $124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in prior periods and a $38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to $2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 percent largely reflecting contract mix. During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was $53 billion, of which 38 percent represents orders from international customers. Additional Financial Information Table 6. Additional Financial Information Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues Boeing Capital $63 $114 $211 $315 Unallocated items, eliminations and other ($646) ($307) ($392) ($327) Earnings from Operations Boeing Capital $13 $10 $36 $41 Unallocated pension/postretirement $88 ($57) $251 ($200) Other unallocated items and eliminations ($200) ($163) ($492) ($461) Other income/(loss), net $2 ($26) $41 ($23) Interest and debt expense ($81) ($67) ($227) ($203) Effective tax rate (3.4)% 31.5% 5.8% 31.5%   At quarter-end, Boeing Capital's net portfolio balance was $3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was $453 million, down from $529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the favorable $440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced $177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. Outlook The company's 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance (Table 7) reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Table 7. 2016 Financial Outlook Current Prior (Dollars in Billions, except per share data) Guidance Guidance The Boeing Company Revenue $93.5 - 95.5 $93.0 - 95.0 GAAP Earnings Per Share $7.10 - 7.30 $6.40 - 6.60 Core Earnings Per Share* $6.80 - 7.00 $6.10 - 6.30 Operating Cash Flow ~$10.0 ~$10.0 Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 745 - 750 740 - 745 Revenue $64.5 - 65.5 $64.0 - 65.0 Operating Margin 4.5% - 5.0 4.5% - 5.0 Defense, Space & Security Revenue Boeing Military Aircraft ~$12.4 ~$12.3 Network & Space Systems ~$7.0 ~$7.3 Global Services & Support ~$9.6 ~$9.4 Total BDS Revenue $28.5 - 29.5 $28.5 - 29.5 Operating Margin Boeing Military Aircraft ~9.5% ~9.5% Network & Space Systems ~7.5% ~9.0% Global Services & Support ~12.5% ~12.0% Total BDS Operating Margin >10.0% >10.0% Boeing Capital Portfolio Size Stable Stable Revenue ~$0.3 ~$0.3 Pre-Tax Earnings ~$0.05 ~$0.05 Research & Development ~ $4.8 ~ $4.8 Capital Expenditures ~ $2.8 ~ $2.8 Pension Expense 1 ~ $2.1 ~ $2.1 Effective Tax Rate ~ 14.0% ~ 23.0% 1 Approximately ($0.1) billion is expected to be recorded in unallocated items and eliminations *    Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures."   Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP financial information presented excludes certain significant items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business operations. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with additional insight into the company's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following definitions are provided: Core Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share Core operating earnings is defined as GAAP earnings from operations excluding unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Core operating margin is defined as core operating earnings expressed as a percentage of revenue. Core earnings per share is defined as GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding the net earnings per share impact of unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Unallocated pension and post-retirement expense represents the portion of pension and other post-retirement costs that are not recognized by business segments for segment reporting purposes. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) are allocated to Commercial Airplanes. Pension costs allocated to BDS segments are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as they exclude unallocated pension and post-retirement costs, which primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to government contracts. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided on page 13. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow without capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment additions. Management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available for shareholders, debt repayment, and acquisitions after making the capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long term value creation. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt. Management uses free cash flow as a measure to assess both business performance and overall liquidity. Table 2 provides a reconciliation between GAAP operating cash flow and free cash flow. Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "projects," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "targets," "anticipates," and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, planned production rate increases across multiple commercial airline programs, our commercial development and derivative aircraft programs, and our aircraft being subject to stringent performance and reliability standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (6) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (7) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (8) uncertainties concerning contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (9) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials, (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) changes in the competitive landscape in our markets; (12) our non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (13) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (14) customer and aircraft concentration in Boeing Capital's customer financing portfolio; (15) changes in our ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates in order to fund our operations and contractual commitments; (16) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; (17) the adequacy of our insurance coverage to cover significant risk exposures; (18) potential business disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, sanctions or natural disasters; (19) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (20) significant changes in discount rates and actual investment return on pension assets; (21) potential environmental liabilities; and (22) threats to the security of our or our customers' information. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact: Investor Relations: Troy Lahr or Ben Hackman (312) 544-2140 Communications: Bernard Choi (312) 544-2002   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales of products $63,563 $64,408 $21,494 $23,000 Sales of services 7,722 8,133 2,404 2,849 Total revenues 71,285 72,541 23,898 25,849 Cost of products (55,117) (55,020) (17,907) (19,393) Cost of services (6,163) (6,377) (1,983) (2,191) Boeing Capital interest expense (46) (49) (14) (16) Total costs and expenses (61,326) (61,446) (19,904) (21,600) 9,959 11,095 3,994 4,249 Income from operating investments, net 220 207 69 78 General and administrative expense (2,617) (2,594) (923) (889) Research and development expense, net (3,901) (2,426) (857) (857) (Loss)/gain on dispositions, net (10) (1) (1) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Basic earnings per share $5.09 $5.99 $3.64 $2.50 Diluted earnings per share $5.04 $5.92 $3.60 $2.47 Cash dividends paid per share $3.27 $2.73 $1.09 $0.91 Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 647.9 700.9 632.7 689.0   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited)  (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September 302016 December 31 2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $8,986 $11,302 Short-term and other investments 682 750 Accounts receivable, net 9,524 8,713 Current portion of customer financing, net 365 212 Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 42,680 47,257 Total current assets 62,237 68,234 Customer financing, net 3,401 3,358 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,752 and $16,286 12,713 12,076 Goodwill 5,128 5,126 Acquired intangible assets, net 2,488 2,657 Deferred income taxes 265 265 Investments 1,303 1,284 Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $470 and $451 1,415 1,408 Total assets $88,950 $94,408 Liabilities and equity Accounts payable $11,968 $10,800 Accrued liabilities 13,243 14,014 Advances and billings in excess of related costs 22,646 24,364 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 632 1,234 Total current liabilities 48,489 50,412 Deferred income taxes 2,211 2,392 Accrued retiree health care 6,544 6,616 Accrued pension plan liability, net 18,003 17,783 Other long-term liabilities 1,729 2,078 Long-term debt 9,824 8,730 Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value $5.00 – 1,200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,012,261,159 shares issued 5,061 5,061 Additional paid-in capital 4,808 4,834 Treasury stock, at cost - 393,301,648 and 345,637,354 shares (35,763) (29,568) Retained earnings 40,641 38,756 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,658) (12,748) Total shareholders' equity 2,089 6,335 Noncontrolling interests 61 62 Total equity 2,150 6,397 Total liabilities and equity $88,950 $94,408   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 Cash flows – operating activities: Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items –  Share-based plans expense 144 141 Depreciation and amortization 1,364 1,349 Investment/asset impairment charges, net 61 124 Customer financing valuation benefit (5) (3) Loss on dispositions, net 10 Other charges and credits, net 219 230 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) Changes in assets and liabilities –  Accounts receivable (517) (1,202) Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 4,334 (2,186) Accounts payable 1,366 1,058 Accrued liabilities 82 (196) Advances and billings in excess of related costs (1,717) 270 Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred (725) 824 Other long-term liabilities (67) 40 Pension and other postretirement plans 144 1,837 Customer financing, net (195) 45 Other (95) (98) Net cash provided by operating activities 7,667 6,244 Cash flows – investing activities: Property, plant and equipment additions (2,014) (1,827) Property, plant and equipment reductions 14 24 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (23) Contributions to investments (928) (1,341) Proceeds from investments 956 2,169 Other 8 33 Net cash used by investing activities (1,964) (965) Cash flows – financing activities: New borrowings 1,323 761 Debt repayments (836) (864) Stock options exercised 192 331 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements (83) (93) Common shares repurchased (6,501) (6,001) Dividends paid (2,084) (1,882) Other (24) Net cash used by financing activities (8,013) (7,609) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (20) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,316) (2,350) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,302 11,733 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $8,986 $9,383   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Business Segment Data (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Commercial Airplanes $48,828 $49,950 $16,973 $17,692 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 9,898 10,237 3,260 4,037 Network & Space Systems 5,246 5,797 1,701 2,127 Global Services & Support 7,494 6,569 2,547 2,186 Total Defense, Space & Security 22,638 22,603 7,508 8,350 Boeing Capital 211 315 63 114 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (392) (327) (646) (307) Total revenues $71,285 $72,541 $23,898 $25,849 Earnings from operations: Commercial Airplanes $1,657 $4,591 $1,597 $1,768 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 943 874 434 494 Network & Space Systems 336 563 35 245 Global Services & Support 920 874 315 283 Total Defense, Space & Security 2,199 2,311 784 1,022 Boeing Capital 36 41 13 10 Segment operating profit 3,892 6,943 2,394 2,800 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (241) (661) (112) (220) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Research and development expense, net: Commercial Airplanes $3,194 $1,713 $646 $616 Defense, Space & Security 750 715 229 241 Other (43) (2) (18) Total research and development expense, net $3,901 $2,426 $857 $857 Unallocated items, eliminations and other Share-based plans ($50) ($57) ($9) ($20) Deferred compensation (38) (10) (33) 38 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (71) (70) (23) (21) Eliminations and other unallocated items (333) (324) (135) (160) Sub-total (included in core operating earnings) (492) (461) (200) (163) Pension 129 (293) 50 (84) Postretirement 122 93 38 27 Total unallocated items, eliminations and other ($241) ($661) ($112) ($220)   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Operating and Financial Data (Unaudited) Deliveries Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Commercial Airplanes 2016 2015 2016 2015 737 368 375 120 126 747 8 (3) 13 (1) 5 (3) 4 (1) 767 10 14 5 5 777 73 77 22 27 787 104 101 36 37 Total 563 580 188 199 Note: Deliveries under operating lease are identified by parentheses. Defense, Space & Security Boeing Military Aircraft AH-64 Apache (New) 25 18 10 6 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 27 33 9 10 C-17 Globemaster III 4 5 2 CH-47 Chinook (New) 17 35 7 14 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 23 6 7 1 F-15 Models 11 8 4 3 F/A-18 Models 20 28 6 8 P-8 Models 13 10 4 4 Global Services & Support C-40A 1 Network & Space Systems Commercial and Civil Satellites 3 1 2 Military Satellites 2 1 1 Contractual backlog (Dollars in billions) September 30 2016 December 31 2015 Commercial Airplanes $408.8 $431.4 Defense, Space & Security:        Boeing Military Aircraft 20.8 19.9        Network & Space Systems 6.5 7.4        Global Services & Support 12.8 17.9 Total Defense, Space & Security 40.1 45.2 Total contractual backlog $448.9 $476.6 Unobligated backlog $13.1 $12.7 Total backlog $462.0 $489.3 Workforce 154,700 161,400   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) The tables provided below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures core operating earnings, core operating margin, and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, earnings from operations, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share. See page 6 of this release for additional information on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Third Quarter Nine months Guidance 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 Revenues $23,898 $25,849 $71,285 $72,541 GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 $3,651 $6,282 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings From Operations (12%) (42%) GAAP Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% 5.1% 8.7% Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($50) $84 ($129) $293 Unallocated Other Postretirement Benefit Income ($38) ($27) ($122) ($93) Unallocated Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($88) $57 ($251) $200 ~($300) Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) $2,194 $2,637 $3,400 $6,482 Increase/(Decrease) in Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) (17%) (48%) Core Operating Margin (non-GAAP) 9.2% 10.2% 4.8% 8.9% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 $5.04 $5.92 $7.10 - $7.30 Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($0.08) $0.12 ($0.20) $0.42 Unallocated Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($0.06) ($0.04) ($0.19) ($0.13) ($0.30) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (1) $0.05 ($0.03) $0.14 ($0.10) Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) $3.51 $2.52 $4.79 $6.11 $6.80 - $7.00 Weighted Average Diluted Shares (millions) 632.7 689.0 647.9 700.9 645 - 650 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings Per Share 46% (15%) Increase/(Decrease) in Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) 39% (22%) (1) The income tax impact is calculated using the tax rate in effect for the non-GAAP adjustments.     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-reports-third-quarter-results-and-raises-full-year-guidance-300351222.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: KO, CMCSA, BA, NOC, LUV, GRMN, AAPL, CMG, PNRA & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 8:24 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: October 26, 2016</p> <p>Coca-Cola, Boeing and Apple are grabbing Wall Street headlines this Wednesday morning.</p> Stocks to Watch: October 26, 2016    Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 | 8:09 AM ET | 00:54 Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Coca-Cola — The beverage maker reported adjusted quarterly earnings of 49 cents per share, beating Street forecasts by a penny a share. Revenue was also above estimates. Coke said it's had 4 percent organic sales growth so far this year, and has also seen margins expand more than 50 basis points. Comcast — The NBCUniversal and CNBC parent reported quarterly profit of 92 cents per share, beating estimates by one cent a share. Revenue was above estimates, as well. Comcast said that the Rio Olympics were the most profitable in its history, and also reported upbeat result for cable and for video subscriptions. Boeing — Boeing beat estimates by 21 cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $2.81 per share. Revenue also beat forecasts, and the aircraft maker raised its full-year revenue and profit forecast. Northrop Grumman — The defense contractor earned an adjusted $3.02 per share for the third quarter, above estimates of $2.81 a share. Revenue also beat Street forecasts and the company raised its full year 2016 earnings forecast above consensus estimates thanks to improved aerospace sales. Southwest Airlines — The airline came in five cents a share above Street estimates, with adjusted quarterly profit of 93 cents per share. Revenue was slightly shy of estimates, however. Southwest benefited from lower fuel prices and record traffic, but the shares were under pressure in premarket trading because of lower-than-expected growth in the key metric of revenue per available seat mile. Garmin — The maker of wearable fitness devices came in 21 cents a share above estimates, with adjusted earnings of 75 cents per share. Revenue was also well above estimates on strong growth in its fitness, outdoor, marine, and aviation categories. Apple — Apple reported quarterly profit of $1.67 per share, a penny a share above estimates. Revenue was in line with forecasts, but it did post its first year-over-year decline in profit and revenue since 2001. The company predicted a return to profit growth in the current quarter, helped by iPhone 7 sales. Chipotle Mexican Grill — The restaurant chain saw revenue fall shy of analysts' estimates for its latest quarter, with comparable sales falling a greater-than-expected 21.9 percent. Chipotle gave a somewhat optimistic current-quarter projection for comparable sales, however, saying they would come in down in the low single digits. Panera Bread — Panera beat estimates by three cents a share, with adjusted quarterly profit of $1.37 per share. The restaurant chain's revenue also exceeded forecasts. Panera raised its profit forecast, as well, as it continues to enjoy the benefit of higher prices. Generac — The maker of commercial and residential generators beat estimates by five cents a share, with quarterly profit of 82 cents per share. Revenue was also above forecasts. Generac increased its fiscal 2016 outlook for residential sales, helped by an increase in power outages. Edwards Lifesciences — Edwards reported in-line adjusted quarterly profit of 68 cents per share, but the medical device maker's revenue fell short of estimates. The company's results were hurt by lower-than-expected international sales of its heart valve devices, among other factors. Juniper Networks — Juniper reported adjusted quarterly profit of 58 cents per share, six cents a share above estimates. The networking equipment maker's revenue came in slightly above projections. The company also issued a current-quarter outlook that was slightly higher than Street forecasts. Pandora Media — Pandora lost seven cents per share for its latest quarter, one cent a share wider than anticipated. The music streaming service's revenue also missed forecasts, as did its full-year forecast. Pandora's active users totaled 77.9 million in the quarter, down from 78.1 million in the prior quarter. Express Scripts — Express Scripts matched estimates with quarterly profit of $1.74 per share, but narrowed its full-year guidance while raising the midpoint of that forecast. The pharmacy benefit manager is projecting profit of $1.84 to $1.90 per share, above consensus forecasts of $1.74 a share. Akamai — Akamai came in seven cents a share above estimates, with adjusted quarterly profit of 68 cents per share. Revenue also beat forecasts. The web services company gave strong current-quarter guidance on increasing demand for its cloud security products. Toyota — The automaker is recalling 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, and China in yet another round of recalls related to faulty Takata airbag inflators, including some that had been used as replacements in a prior recall six years ago. Vodafone — Vodafone was fined $5.6 million by British regulators for "serious and sustained" customer failures. Regulators say the mobile operator did not act quickly to deal with those issues, largely related to billing procedures. Las Vegas Sands, Wynn Resorts — These and other companies operating in Macau may benefit today from news that Macau casino operator Galaxy Entertainment saw profit rise 28 percent in the third quarter. It's the latest sign that the long slump for Macau casino operations may have finally bottomed out. Wal-Mart Stores — Wal-Mart may reverse its decision to invest in Flipkart, India's largest online retailer. The Economic Times reports that Wal-mart is having second thoughts about its potential $1 billion investment on suspicions that Flipkart may have been inflating its numbers. The report comes in the wake of Flipkart Chief Financial Officer Sanjay Baweja's resignation this week. Alphabet — Google Fiber division is looking for a new leader following the resignation of chief Craig Barratt. Barratt will remain an advisor to the company. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KO --- WMT --- WYNN --- GOOGL --- ESRX --- PANDORA --- 7203.T --- AKAM --- VOD --- EW --- JNPR --- LVS --- LUV --- AAPL --- GRMN --- BA --- NOC --- CMCSA --- CMG --- PNRA --- GENERAC HLD --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing reports higher earnings, lifts forecast By Afp Published: 13:16 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 13:16 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail Boeing reported higher third-quarter earnings and boosted its full-year forecast Wednesday as it projected more commercial plane deliveries in 2016 than previously expected. Operating profit fell in Boeing's commercial and military divisions, yet results bested analyst expectations for earnings-per-share and revenue. Shares were up 4.0 percent in midday trade to $144.60. Analysts praised the aerospace giant for showing progress in containing costs in its commercial airplane-building program and for turning in stronger-than-expected results in its defense business. Boeing's net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion ©Adrian Dennis (AFP/File) Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by one-time tax benefits. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Operating results have been dented in 2016 by somewhat lower commercial deliveries compared with 2015. Through the end of the third quarter, Boeing delivered 563 planes, down three percent from the year-ago period. Revenues in the aerospace industry are closely tied to commercial airplane deliveries. On Wednesday, Boeing lifted its projection for full-year commercial deliveries to between 745 and 750 commercial planes in 2016, up from the prior range of 740-745, but below the 2015 total of 762 planes. Boeing executives said overall demand for commercial aircraft remains strong and that company efforts to boost profitability were on track as it moves into a quicker phase of production for the 787 Dreamliner planes. A note from Jefferies praised the company for limiting costs on the 787 and said the outlook for the program "seems bright." Jefferies also described Boeing's performance in defense as better than expected, with higher profits for military aircraft. Chief financial officer Greg Smith said on a conference call that Boeing expects revenues to be flat to "slightly down" in 2017 due to a transition in its widebody 777 line to a newer-generation model. Boeing also has a flat-to-slightly lower outlook for revenues in its defense business due to lower vehicle deliveries. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Boeing profit jumps despite slow sales; boosts delivery forecast Reuters Oct 26, 2016 (…) © Jim Young / Reuters The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young Updated at 11 a.m. Boeing Co. on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing's lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing," Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Boeing Share Profit View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing sees cash growth even if sales, production slow By Reuters Published: 15:10 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 15:10 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Alwyn Scott Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter as cost-cutting offset declining revenue at the world's biggest planemaker. Boeing also said it would deliver more commercial planes than originally planned for the year and that cash flow will keep rising through the end of the decade. Boeing held off cutting production of its profitable 777 jets to account for slowing sales and the transition to the successor 777X, as some analysts expected. Boeing already plans to cut 777 production to 7 a month next year from 8.3 currently. If Boeing went to 5 planes a month, it would have sold 90 percent of production slots in 2018, Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said on a conference call. "I see that as a bounding case," he said, meaning the production rate would not need to go lower. In that scenario deliveries would fall to about 3.5 a month. Boeing will have more clarity in the next couple of months after pending sales campaigns conclude, Muilenburg added. Factoring out a tax benefit, Boeing's rise in quarterly profits showed the effect of its drive for lean manufacturing as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. Boeing's revenue is likely to be flat to slightly lower next year, Chief Financial Officer Greg Smith said. STRONG CASH FLOW Operating cash flow rose 12 percent to $3.2 billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10 billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. "Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away," JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 percent to $136.72 early in the session but later rose 4.7 percent to $145.52 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 percent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500 million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing's defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing's adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 percent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 that analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead By Associated Press Published: 14:55 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 14:55 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail DALLAS (AP) — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Boeing Company - 3rd Quarter Results BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 26.10.2016 | 13:31 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Boeing Company - 3rd Quarter Results Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance CHICAGO, Oct. 26, 2016-- Strong operating cash flow of $3.2 billion; repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion GAAP EPS of $3.60 and core EPS (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 on solid execution and tax items Revenue of $23.9 billion on timing of aircraft deliveries Backlog remains robust at $462 billion with more than 5,600 commercial airplane orders Cash and marketable securities of $9.7 billion provide strong liquidity 2016 revenue guidance increased $500 million on higher deliveries 2016 GAAP EPS and core EPS (non-GAAP)* guidance increased$0.70for additionaltaxadjustment Table 1. Summary Financial Results Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues $23,898 $25,849 (8)% $71,285 $72,541 (2)% GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 (12)% $3,651 $6,282 (42)% Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% (0.5) Pts 5.1% 8.7% (3.6) Pts Net Earnings $2,279 $1,704 34% $3,264 $4,150 (21)% Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 46% $5.04 $5.92 (15)% Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 12% $7,667 $6,244 23% Non-GAAP* Core Operating Earnings $2,194 $2,637 (17)% $3,400 $6,482 (48)% Core Operating Margin 9.2% 10.2% (1.0) Pts 4.8% 8.9% (4.1) Pts Core Earnings Per Share $3.51 $2.52 39% $4.79 $6.11 (22)% * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items ($0.98 per share), and timing of aircraft deliveries (Table 1). Revenue guidance has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. "We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog." "We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world." "We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. At the same time, we are positioning Boeing for further growth through our intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company." Table 2. Cash Flow Third Quarter Nine months (Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 $7,667 $6,244 Less Additions to Property, Plant & Equipment ($595) ($561) ($2,014) ($1,827) Free Cash Flow* $2,607 $2,298 $5,653 $4,417 * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." Operating cash flow in the quarter was $3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance (Table 2). During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorization. The company also paid $0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 percent increase in dividends per share compared to the same period of the prior year. Table 3. Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt Balances Quarter-End (Billions) Q3 16 Q2 16 Cash $9.0 $8.6 Marketable Securities1 $0.7 $0.7 Total $9.7 $9.3 Debt Balances: The Boeing Company, net of intercompany loans to BCC $8.1 $8.7 Boeing Capital, including intercompany loans $2.4 $2.3 Total Consolidated Debt $10.5 $11.0 1 Marketable securities consists primarily of time deposits due within one year classified as "short-term investments." Cash and investments in marketable securities totaled $9.7 billion, up from $9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was $10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt (Table 3). Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Segment Results Commercial Airplanes Table 4. Commercial Airplanes Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 188 199 (6)% 563 580 (3)% Revenues $16,973 $17,692 (4)% $48,828 $49,950 (2)% Earnings from Operations $1,597 $1,768 (10)% $1,657 $4,591 (64)% Operating Margin 9.4% 10.0% (0.6) Pts 3.4% 9.2% (5.8) Pts Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume (Table 4). Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 percent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, we began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 program has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we continued to grow our services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space& Security Table 5. Defense, Space & Security Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues1 Boeing Military Aircraft $3,260 $4,037 (19)% $9,898 $10,237 (3)% Network& Space Systems $1,701 $2,127 (20)% $5,246 $5,797 (10)% Global Services& Support $2,547 $2,186 17% $7,494 $6,569 14% Total BDS Revenues $7,508 $8,350 (10)% $22,638 $22,603 - Earnings from Operations1 Boeing Military Aircraft $434 $494 (12)% $943 $874 8% Network& Space Systems $35 $245 (86)% $336 $563 (40)% Global Services& Support $315 $283 11% $920 $874 5% Total BDS Earnings from Operations $784 $1,022 (23)% $2,199 $2,311 (5)% Operating Margin 10.4% 12.2% (1.8) Pts 9.7% 10.2% (0.5) Pts 1 During the first quarter of 2016, certain programs were realigned between Boeing Military Aircraft and Global Services & Support. Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program (Table 5). Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 percent, reflecting program mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to $1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 percent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development program. The charge includes a $124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in prior periods and a $38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to $2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 percent largely reflecting contract mix.During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was $53 billion, of which 38 percent represents orders from international customers. Additional Financial Information Table 6. Additional Financial Information Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues Boeing Capital $63 $114 $211 $315 Unallocated items, eliminations and other ($646) ($307) ($392) ($327) Earnings from Operations Boeing Capital $13 $10 $36 $41 Unallocated pension/postretirement $88 ($57) $251 ($200) Other unallocated items and eliminations ($200) ($163) ($492) ($461) Other income/(loss), net $2 ($26) $41 ($23) Interest and debt expense ($81) ($67) ($227) ($203) Effective tax rate (3.4)% 31.5% 5.8% 31.5% At quarter-end, Boeing Capital's net portfolio balance was $3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was $453 million, down from $529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the favorable $440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced $177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. Outlook The company's 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance (Table 7) reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Table 7. 2016 Financial Outlook Current Prior (Dollars in Billions, except per share data) Guidance Guidance The Boeing Company Revenue $93.5 - 95.5 $93.0 - 95.0 GAAP Earnings Per Share $7.10 - 7.30 $6.40 - 6.60 Core Earnings Per Share* $6.80 - 7.00 $6.10 - 6.30 Operating Cash Flow ~$10.0 ~$10.0 Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 745 - 750 740 - 745 Revenue $64.5 - 65.5 $64.0 - 65.0 Operating Margin 4.5% - 5.0 4.5% - 5.0 Defense, Space & Security Revenue Boeing Military Aircraft ~$12.4 ~$12.3 Network& Space Systems ~$7.0 ~$7.3 Global Services& Support ~$9.6 ~$9.4 Total BDS Revenue $28.5 - 29.5 $28.5 - 29.5 Operating Margin Boeing Military Aircraft ~9.5% ~9.5% Network& Space Systems ~7.5% ~9.0% Global Services& Support ~12.5% ~12.0% Total BDS Operating Margin >10.0% >10.0% Boeing Capital Portfolio Size Stable Stable Revenue ~$0.3 ~$0.3 Pre-Tax Earnings ~$0.05 ~$0.05 Research& Development ~ $4.8 ~ $4.8 Capital Expenditures ~ $2.8 ~ $2.8 Pension Expense 1 ~ $2.1 ~ $2.1 Effective Tax Rate ~ 14.0% ~ 23.0% 1 Approximately ($0.1) billion is expected to be recorded in unallocated items and eliminations *Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing's non-GAAP measures are on page 6, "Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures." Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP financial information presented excludes certain significant items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business operations. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with additional insight into the company's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following definitions are provided: Core Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share Core operating earnings is defined as GAAP earnings from operations excluding unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Core operating margin is defined as core operating earnings expressed as a percentage of revenue. Core earnings per share is defined as GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding the net earnings per share impact of unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Unallocated pension and post-retirement expense represents the portion of pension and other post-retirement costs that are not recognized by business segments for segment reporting purposes. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) are allocated to Commercial Airplanes. Pension costs allocated to BDS segments are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as they exclude unallocated pension and post-retirement costs, which primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to government contracts. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided on page 13. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow without capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment additions. Management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available for shareholders, debt repayment, and acquisitions after making the capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long term value creation. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt. Management uses free cash flow as a measure to assess both business performance and overall liquidity. Table 2 provides a reconciliation between GAAP operating cash flow and free cash flow. Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "projects," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "targets," "anticipates," and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, planned production rate increases across multiple commercial airline programs, our commercial development and derivative aircraft programs, and our aircraft being subject to stringent performance and reliability standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (6) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (7) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (8) uncertainties concerning contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (9) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials, (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) changes in the competitive landscape in our markets; (12) our non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (13) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (14) customer and aircraft concentration in Boeing Capital's customer financing portfolio; (15) changes in our ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates in order to fund our operations and contractual commitments; (16) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; (17) the adequacy of our insurance coverage to cover significant risk exposures; (18) potential business disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, sanctions or natural disasters; (19) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (20) significant changes in discount rates and actual investment return on pension assets; (21) potential environmental liabilities; and (22) threats to the security of our or our customers' information. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact: InvestorRelations: Troy Lahr or Ben Hackman (312) 544-2140 Communications: Bernard Choi (312)544-2002 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales of products $63,563 $64,408 $21,494 $23,000 Sales of services 7,722 8,133 2,404 2,849 Total revenues 71,285 72,541 23,898 25,849 Cost of products (55,117) (55,020) (17,907) (19,393) Cost of services (6,163) (6,377) (1,983) (2,191) Boeing Capital interest expense (46) (49) (14) (16) Total costs and expenses (61,326) (61,446) (19,904) (21,600) 9,959 11,095 3,994 4,249 Income from operating investments, net 220 207 69 78 General and administrative expense (2,617) (2,594) (923) (889) Research and development expense, net (3,901) (2,426) (857) (857) (Loss)/gain on dispositions, net (10) (1) (1) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Basic earnings per share $5.09 $5.99 $3.64 $2.50 Diluted earnings per share $5.04 $5.92 $3.60 $2.47 Cash dividends paid per share $3.27 $2.73 $1.09 $0.91 Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 647.9 700.9 632.7 689.0 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited) (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September30 2016 December31 2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $8,986 $11,302 Short-term and other investments 682 750 Accounts receivable, net 9,524 8,713 Current portion of customer financing, net 365 212 Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 42,680 47,257 Total current assets 62,237 68,234 Customer financing, net 3,401 3,358 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,752 and $16,286 12,713 12,076 Goodwill 5,128 5,126 Acquired intangible assets, net 2,488 2,657 Deferred income taxes 265 265 Investments 1,303 1,284 Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $470 and $451 1,415 1,408 Total assets $88,950 $94,408 Liabilities and equity Accounts payable $11,968 $10,800 Accrued liabilities 13,243 14,014 Advances and billings in excess of related costs 22,646 24,364 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 632 1,234 Total current liabilities 48,489 50,412 Deferred income taxes 2,211 2,392 Accrued retiree health care 6,544 6,616 Accrued pension plan liability, net 18,003 17,783 Other long-term liabilities 1,729 2,078 Long-term debt 9,824 8,730 Shareholders' equity: Common stock, par value $5.00 - 1,200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,012,261,159 shares issued 5,061 5,061 Additional paid-in capital 4,808 4,834 Treasury stock, at cost - 393,301,648 and 345,637,354 shares (35,763) (29,568) Retained earnings 40,641 38,756 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,658) (12,748) Total shareholders' equity 2,089 6,335 Noncontrolling interests 61 62 Total equity 2,150 6,397 Total liabilities and equity $88,950 $94,408 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 Cash flows-operating activities: Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items - Share-based plans expense 144 141 Depreciation and amortization 1,364 1,349 Investment/asset impairment charges, net 61 124 Customer financing valuation benefit (5) (3) Loss on dispositions, net 10 Other charges and credits, net 219 230 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) Changes in assets and liabilities - Accounts receivable (517) (1,202) Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 4,334 (2,186) Accounts payable 1,366 1,058 Accrued liabilities 82 (196) Advances and billings in excess of related costs (1,717) 270 Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred (725) 824 Other long-term liabilities (67) 40 Pension and other postretirement plans 144 1,837 Customer financing, net (195) 45 Other (95) (98) Net cash provided by operating activities 7,667 6,244 Cash flows - investing activities: Property, plant and equipment additions (2,014) (1,827) Property, plant and equipment reductions 14 24 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (23) Contributions to investments (928) (1,341) Proceeds from investments 956 2,169 Other 8 33 Net cash used by investing activities (1,964) (965) Cash flows - financing activities: New borrowings 1,323 761 Debt repayments (836) (864) Stock options exercised 192 331 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements (83) (93) Common shares repurchased (6,501) (6,001) Dividends paid (2,084) (1,882) Other (24) Net cash used by financing activities (8,013) (7,609) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (20) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,316) (2,350) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,302 11,733 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $8,986 $9,383 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Business Segment Data (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Commercial Airplanes $48,828 $49,950 $16,973 $17,692 Defense, Space& Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 9,898 10,237 3,260 4,037 Network& Space Systems 5,246 5,797 1,701 2,127 Global Services& Support 7,494 6,569 2,547 2,186 Total Defense, Space& Security 22,638 22,603 7,508 8,350 Boeing Capital 211 315 63 114 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (392) (327) (646) (307) Total revenues $71,285 $72,541 $23,898 $25,849 Earnings from operations: Commercial Airplanes $1,657 $4,591 $1,597 $1,768 Defense, Space& Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 943 874 434 494 Network& Space Systems 336 563 35 245 Global Services& Support 920 874 315 283 Total Defense, Space& Security 2,199 2,311 784 1,022 Boeing Capital 36 41 13 10 Segment operating profit 3,892 6,943 2,394 2,800 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (241) (661) (112) (220) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Research and development expense, net: Commercial Airplanes $3,194 $1,713 $646 $616 Defense, Space& Security 750 715 229 241 Other (43) (2) (18) Total research and development expense, net $3,901 $2,426 $857 $857 Unallocated items, eliminations and other Share-based plans ($50) ($57) ($9) ($20) Deferred compensation (38) (10) (33) 38 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (71) (70) (23) (21) Eliminations and other unallocated items (333) (324) (135) (160) Sub-total (included in core operating earnings) (492) (461) (200) (163) Pension 129 (293) 50 (84) Postretirement 122 93 38 27 Total unallocated items, eliminations and other ($241) ($661) ($112) ($220) The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Operating and Financial Data (Unaudited) Deliveries Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Commercial Airplanes 2016 2015 2016 2015 737 368 375 120 126 747 8 (3) 13 (1) 5 (3) 4 (1) 767 10 14 5 5 777 73 77 22 27 787 104 101 36 37 Total 563 580 188 199 Note: Deliveries under operating lease are identified by parentheses. Defense, Space & Security Boeing Military Aircraft AH-64 Apache (New) 25 18 10 6 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 27 33 9 10 C-17 Globemaster III 4 5 2 CH-47 Chinook (New) 17 35 7 14 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 23 6 7 1 F-15 Models 11 8 4 3 F/A-18 Models 20 28 6 8 P-8 Models 13 10 4 4 Global Services & Support C-40A 1 Network & Space Systems Commercial and Civil Satellites 3 1 2 Military Satellites 2 1 1 Contractual backlog (Dollars in billions) September30 2016 December31 2015 Commercial Airplanes $408.8 $431.4 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 20.8 19.9 Network & Space Systems 6.5 7.4 Global Services & Support 12.8 17.9 Total Defense, Space & Security 40.1 45.2 Total contractual backlog $448.9 $476.6 Unobligated backlog $13.1 $12.7 Total backlog $462.0 $489.3 Workforce 154,700 161,400 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) The tables provided below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures core operating earnings, core operating margin, and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, earnings from operations, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share. See page 6 of this release for additional information on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Third Quarter Nine months Guidance 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 Revenues $23,898 $25,849 $71,285 $72,541 GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 $3,651 $6,282 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings From Operations (12%) (42%) GAAP Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% 5.1% 8.7% Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($50) $84 ($129) $293 Unallocated Other Postretirement Benefit Income ($38) ($27) ($122) ($93) Unallocated Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($88) $57 ($251) $200 ~($300) Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) $2,194 $2,637 $3,400 $6,482 Increase/(Decrease) in Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) (17%) (48%) Core Operating Margin (non-GAAP) 9.2% 10.2% 4.8% 8.9% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 $5.04 $5.92 $7.10 - $7.30 Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($0.08) $0.12 ($0.20) $0.42 Unallocated Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($0.06) ($0.04) ($0.19) ($0.13) ($0.30) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (1) $0.05 ($0.03) $0.14 ($0.10) Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) $3.51 $2.52 $4.79 $6.11 $6.80 - $7.00 Weighted Average Diluted Shares (millions) 632.7 689.0 647.9 700.9 645 - 650 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings Per Share 46% (15%) Increase/(Decrease) in Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) 39% (22%) (1) The income tax impact is calculated using the tax rate in effect for the non-GAAP adjustments. SOURCE Boeing © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing profit jumps, raises commercial airplanes delivery forecast By Reuters Published: 07:39 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 07:39 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail Oct 26 (Reuters) - Boeing Co reported a 33.7 percent rise in quarterly profit, and raised its commercial airplanes delivery forecast for the year. The world's largest jetliner maker said it now expects to deliver 745-750 commercial airplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740-745 airplanes. Boeing earned $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the third quarter ended Sept. 30, compared with $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Northrop’s $80 Billion Bomber Win Spelled Out in US Ruling Northrop’s $80 Billion Bomber Win Spelled Out in US Ruling Oct 26, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 “Our review of Boeing’s allegations and the evaluation record in this case provides no basis on which to sustain the protest” that Boeing filed, GAO General Counsel Susan Poling said in the heavily redacted 52-page ruling. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, was among those seeking greater public disclosure of the Northrop contract. Copyright Win McNamee, Getty Images Advertisement Northrop Grumman Corp.’s (IW 500/47) winning bid to develop and build the U.S. Air Force’s new $80 billion bomber held “significant structural advantages” over the competing proposal by Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., according to the Government Accountability Office. The “significantly lower proposed prices” for initial production “created a near-insurmountable obstacle” to Boeing “demonstrating prejudice” in the Air Force’s calculation of realistic costs, the watchdog agency said in a declassified version made public Tuesday of a February ruling that upheld the award and rejected a challenge from Boeing. Northrop, shut out of prime contracts for U.S. warplanes since the B-2 bomber of the 1980s, was chosen by the Air Force last year to build the new B-21. Due to be deployed in the mid-2020s, it will join Northrop’s B-2 in the Air Force fleet as the successor to the 37-year-old B-1B and the Eisenhower-era B-52. The Air Force wants a durable, stealthy aircraft that can fly deep into enemy territory and launch cruise missiles from safe distances. Popular Now Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? Boeing went to the GAO, which hears appeals to competitive bids for Pentagon contracts, with an argument that Northrop low-balled its bid and that the Air Force failed to consider the risks posed when it chose the Falls Church, Va.-based company over the joint bid from the two largest U.S. defense contractors. ‘No Basis’ “Our review of Boeing’s allegations and the evaluation record in this case provides no basis on which to sustain the protest” that Boeing filed, GAO General Counsel Susan Poling said in the heavily redacted 52-page ruling. The agency didn’t accept Boeing’s claim “that the Air Force failed to reasonably account for Northrop’s technical risk” in its analysis of costs, she said, and it “cannot conclude that the Air Force’s realism analysis of Boeing’s proposal was flawed.” Instead, the service “conducted a reasonable” evaluation of costs “that sufficiently incorporated consideration of each” company’s “unique approach,” she said. The GAO initially kept its findings under wraps based on Air Force secrecy claims. That reflected the largely classified nature of the Air Force’s plan to produce the military’s first new bomber since the Cold War and one of the biggest U.S. weapons systems of the next decade. Declassifying the GAO’s decision is a step toward improving transparency and public understanding of how the Air Force made its selection. The service has refused to disclose the value of Northrop’s contract, including how much money had been set aside for bonus fees, saying even that could tip off potential adversaries to the new bomber’s capabilities. Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, was among those seeking public disclosure of the Northrop contract’s price. The Arizona Republican noted earlier this year that much of the underlying cost information was public, including the $556 million per-plane price. GAO spokesman Chuck Young said the Air Force conducted a security classification review and provided the publicly releasable version of the decision, with sections blacked out, to the agency on Monday. “In this case the Air Force controls decisions about how much material can be made public,” Young said in an e-mail. Deliberate, Disciplined, Impartial The GAO ruling “confirms that the Air Force followed a deliberate, disciplined, and impartial process to determine the best value for the warfighter and the taxpayer,” Captain Michael Hertzog, a spokesman for the service, said in an e-mail. The GAO took issue with Boeing’s claim that the Air Force unreasonably rejected its proposed materials costs, which the company said were “well substantiated and based on fixed-price vendor quotations.” “The record does not support Boeing’s allegations,” Poling wrote. “Rather, the record shows that the majority of Boeing’s materials quotations were not fixed-price or otherwise lacked adequate support.” She said Boeing’s quotations were “at best, rough order-of-magnitude estimates” with qualifying language attached. The agency also rejected as unsubstantiated “Boeing’s assertions concerning alleged high risks inherent in Northrop’s approach.” By Tony Capaccio and Julie Johnsson Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Northrop Works to Fix Flawed Wings on Navy Drone 1 Boeing, Lockheed Said Not Suing Over $80 Billion Northrop Award Boeing Loses Appeal of US Bomber Award to Northrop Air Force Poised to Unveil Next Super Bomber 2 Growth in Emerging Economies Spells Opportunities Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton


Aviation news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International Logistics & Transport Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: Global pilot shortage could see SA pilots lured overseas 26 Oct 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     A global pilot shortage - thought to only be a threat in the rapidly expanding Middle East and Asian markets but has spread to North America, Europe, and Africa - could see international airlines plundering pilots from South Africa. Zorgist via pixabayCurrently, according to commercial aviation consultancy AirInsight, the global supply of commercial airline pilots is estimated at 281,000. Airbus and Boeing both foresee strong traffic growth continuing, with Boeing projecting global demand for 558,000 pilots by 2034. AirInsight, including more conservative Airbus projections, puts the estimate at 428,988 pilots by 2034. Therefore, even the more conservative estimate is for a 53% growth in commercial pilots over today’s numbers. Their report states: “The first impacts of the pilot shortage are being manifest already. The problem is, therefore, significant.” In fact, since AirInsight’s projections, Boeing has increased its 20-year projection to 617,000 new commercial airline pilots, a 10.5% increase over its 2015 outlook. This unprecedented demand will be driven by record orders which will see the world’s airliner fleet almost double from 23,000 aircraft in 2014 to a 44,500 by 2033. The most conservative outlook represents a global requirement for about 21,500 new airline pilots annually, or over 400 pilots per week. Of these, at least half will need to be pilots with years of experience, globally recognised training and the skills and acumen acquired through thousands of hours of airline flying. According to SAA Pilots Association (SAAPA), most of the 750 pilots of South African Airways meet these requirements and have a cumulative total of over 12,000 years of experience at SAA alone. Advertisement Signs of pilot shortage The International Air Transport Association (IATA) projects a 4.15% annual growth in airline traffic. With traffic growth comes a need for more seats on more aircraft and additional crews to fly these aircraft. Due to this unprecedented worldwide demand for skilled pilots, ICAO, the International Civil Aviation Organisation, published an information paper in January 2015:Potential Safety Risks Caused By Pilot Shortage. There are already many signs of the pilot shortage. During October, Ryanair, Europe’s number one airline, announced that it is to launch a major recruitment drive for 1,000 pilots as it plans to take delivery of 50 new aircraft in the next 12 months. Eddie Wilson, Ryanair’s “Chief People Officer”, said in a media release its aircraft numbers would grow from 355 to over 500 in the next five years. According to a report in Bloomberg, Chinese airlines alone need to hire approximately 100 pilots a week for the next 20 years to meet accelerating travel demand. Facing a shortage of candidates at home, these airlines are offering lucrative pay packages to foreigners with cockpit experience, and are active in Johannesburg at the moment to fill their needs for experienced airline captains. Air traffic across China is set to almost quadruple over the next 20 years, making it the fastest growing market, according to Airbus Group SE. Air transport is booming in China, where the fleet more than tripled in a decade to 2,650 according to the Civil Aviation Industry Statistics Report. As a result, some of these carriers are paying about 50% more than what some senior captains earn in the United States. This means that pilots in emerging markets such as South Africa could quadruple their salaries. SAA could lose large numbers of pilots SAAPA chairman Captain Jimmy Conroy, says he fears the local airline industry and the country may lose a large number of pilots to international airlines. “SAA has a normal attrition rate of 15 - 25 pilots per year. Recent negative publicity together with hostility from certain quarters has caused some pilots at SAA to re-evaluate their career options. Foreign carriers looking for suitably trained pilots realise that SAA may be a source of scarce skills to be exploited. In doing so, they obtain experienced pilots at little or no cost. To compound this problem, South African Airways (SAA) is currently not training any new pilots through its previously highly successful Cadet Training Programme, which had until recently, been making substantial inroads into the transformation of the pilot profession in South Africa. SAA currently employs 74 of the 83 black Airline Transport Pilot licence holders in South Africa.” He adds that he is aware of 60 pilots who had left various South African carriers to take up positions with foreign carriers over the last 12 months. “Most of them took up positions with Middle Eastern carriers. South African licences were recently recognised by the Chinese aviation authorities, which further opens the market to experienced South African airline pilots.” Conroy concludes that pilot training anywhere in the world is very expensive, and that there are aviation colleges who train pilots but few pilots are sponsored by airlines in South Africa, with none currently sponsored by SAA. “According to 20-year industry projections, it is clear that the shrinking pool of experienced or future pilots, is going to heat up competition among global carriers for the best and most proficient pilots. SAA, in this scenario, can ill afford to lose any pilots.” ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: SAA, South African Airways, IATA, International Air Transport Association, International Civil Aviation Organisation, pilot training, SAA Pilots Association, ICAO, aviation authorities Related Thinking out of the box in tough economic times Traffic fines system problematic - cities By Khulekani Magubane Eliminating IT downtime will keep passengers happy during the summer season Have you planned for imports ahead of the 2017 Chinese New Year? News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com +27 (0) 86 081 2000 +27 (0) 86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Carbon Fiber Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 25, 2016, 20:10 ET Share this article LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Carbon Fibers in Metric Tons. The Global market is analyzed by the by the following End-Use Application Segments: Aerospace and Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Wind Energy, Automotive, and Others. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 35 companies including many key and niche players such as - Cytec Solvay Group DowAksa Formosa Plastics Corporation Hexcel Corporation Hyosung Corporation Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definition and Scope of Study I-3 II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Carbon Fiber - An Ideal Lightweight & High-Strength Material for Commercial & Industrial Applications II-1 Current and Future Analysis..............II-2 Carbon Fiber - Production Scenario II-3 Table 1: Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity by Region/Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-4 Table 2: Global PAN-based Carbon Fiber Capacity (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small-Tow and Large-Tow Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4 Table 3: Global Fiber Production by Tow Size (2013-2017): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small Tow (<24K) and Large Tow (>24K) Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5 Table 4: Global Carbon Fiber Production by Fiber Form (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Thermoset UD Prepreg, Thermoset Fabric Prepreg, Molding Compounds, Woven Fabric, Raw Fiber and Thermoplastic Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-5 PAN-based Carbon Fibers - A Major Share of the Market II-5 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: Steady Growth Prospects II-6 Table 5: Global Demand for Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) in Thousand mt per Annum for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-8 Table 6: Global Composites Market by Type (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Aramid Fiber Reinforced Plastics, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics and Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastics (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 Table 7: Global CRP Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of CRP Volume Demand by Production Process (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9 Table 8: Global Carbon Composites Market by End-Use Sector (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand for Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Civil Engineering, Marine, Sports & Leisure, Wind Power and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-10 Carbon Fiber Prepregs Market - Aerospace Sector to Drive Demand II-10 Cost of Carbon Fiber - A Major Limiting Factor II-10 Positive Economic Outlook Bodes Well for Carbon Fibers Market II-11 Table 9: World Real GDP Growth Rates (%) by Country/Region (2014-2017) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-13 2. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE..............II-14 Intense Competition Characterizes Carbon Fibers Market II-14 Table 10: Leading Players in the Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Ranked by Production Capacities (in kt per annum) for Cytec, Dowaksa, Formosa Plastics Corporation, Henshen Co. Ltd., Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL Group, Teijin, Toray and Zhongfu Shenying (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15 Table 11: Leading Carbon Fiber Companies Worldwide (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues for Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Chemical, SGL Carbon, Toho, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16 Table 12: Leading Producers of PAN Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for DowAksa, Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL, Teijin, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16 Table 13: Leading Producers of Pitch-based Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for Cytec Solvay, Mitsubishi Rayon and Nippon Graphite Fiber (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Proprietary Nature of Precursor in CF Manufacturing II-17 Acrylonitrile - The Major Raw Material for PAN Carbon Fiber Precursor.............. II-18 Carbon Fiber Majors Focus on Capacity Expansions Initiatives II-18 Asian Companies Dominate Aerospace-Grade Carbon Fiber Production II-19 Table 14: Global Aerospace Carbon Fiber Market (2012): Percentage Share Breakdown by Leading Players - Toray, Hexcel, Cytec, Toho and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-20 Leading Producers Invest in Capacity Expansions to Meet the Needs of Auto Industry..............II-20 Supply-Demand Balance in Carbon Fiber Industry - Gradual Improvements in Store..............II-21 3. GROWTH DRIVERS, MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES II-22 Aerospace & Defense Sector: Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber as Manufacturing Material II-22 Table 15: Raw Material Use in Aircraft Manufacturing Worldwide (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by Type of Raw Material (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-23 Rising Demand for New Commercial Aircraft Sets the Tone for Carbon Fibers Market..............II-23 Table 16: Combined Aircraft Deliveries of Boeing and Airbus (2010-2016) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Table 17: New Aircraft Deliveries Worldwide by Geographic Region (2015-2034): Percentage Share Breakdown of Number of Deliveries for Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Middle East and North America (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Increasing Share of Carbon Composites in Commercial Aircraft II-25 Table 18: Aerospace Demand for Carbon Fiber in Various Aircraft Types (2014) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Table 19: Use of Carbon Fiber Composites in Comparison to Other Materials in Boeing 787 Airplanes (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-26 Table 20: Material Composition of Airbus A350 XWB Aircraft - Percentage Mix of Composites Compared to Other Materials (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Carbon Fiber Composites Find Favor in Aircraft Interiors II-27 Emergence of New & Unconventional Composites for Use in Aircraft Interiors..............II-27 Carbon Fiber Emerges as a Material of Choice Replacing Steel in Automotive Industry..............II-28 Table 21: Material Mix in a Standard Vehicle (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Material Use by Weight for Aluminum, Iron, Plastic/Composites, Rubber, Steel and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-29 Table 22: Lighweighting Agenda of Major Automotive OEMs - Weight Reduction Targets (in kg) by Model for the Period 2013 through 2020.............. II-29 Viability of Carbon Fiber for Car Frames II-30 Environmental Regulations Governing Automotive Industry to Drive Demand.............. II-30 Table 23: Long-Term Carbon Dioxide Emission Reduction Targets Established for Automotive Industry in Select Countries (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-31 US Fuel Economy Standards 2016 & 2025 II-32 Auto Industry Pursues High-Volume Uses for Carbon Fiber Composites.............. II-32 Development of Innovative Technologies for Carbon Fiber Usage in Mass Production..............II-33 Hybrid Reinforced Composites - Potential Application in Automotive Industry..............II-33 Carbon Fiber Fuelling Safety in Automotive Industry II-34 Industry Poorly Equipped to Serve Automotive Needs II-34 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand II-35 Carbon Fiber Recycling Presents a Cost-Effective Feedstock Option for Automakers..............II-35 Wind Energy Sector: Growing Preference for Carbon Fiber over Glass Fiber.............. II-36 Expanding Capacity of Wind Power Promises Growth in Demand for Carbon Fiber..............II-37 Table 24: Annual Installed Capacity (in GW) of Wind Power Worldwide (2010-2015) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-38 Table 25: Global Installed Wind Power Capacity (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Cumulative Installed Capacity by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-39 Table 26: Top Ten Countries in Wind Power Market - Ranked by Cumulative Installed Capacity in GW for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-39 Table 27: Global Carbon Fiber Demand in the Wind Energy Industry (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Consumption by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-39 Trend towards Longer & Lightweight Blades Bodes Well for Carbon Fiber Market..............II-40 Carbon Fiber Holds Advantages over E-glass in Wind Turbine II-40 Challenges Confronting the Switch from E-glass to Carbon Fiber II-40 Carbon Fiber Faces Tough Competition in Wind Turbine Industry II-41 Sports Goods: Rising Potential for Carbon Fiber Usage II-41 Golf Clubs - A Key Carbon Fiber Consumer II-41 Racquets - Sustained Increase in Use of Composites II-41 Snowboards and Skis - A Small Yet Promising Segment II-42 Fishing Rods - Maximum User of Fiber Properties II-42 Carbon Fibers in Sports Wheelchairs for Athletes with Disabilities.............. II-42 Construction Industry: Another Emerging Application for Carbon Fiber.............. II-43 Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber Composites in Building & Construction Industry..............II-43 Carbon Fiber in Pressure Vessels Manufacturing - A Small Yet Growing Market.............. II-44 Types of Pressure Vessels..............II-44 Table 28: Carbon Fiber Use in Pressure Vessel Manufacturing Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Carbon Fiber Demand by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-45 MEMS Applications - The Latest Avenue for Carbon Fiber II-45 Composites Find Increased Demand in Marine Industry II-45 Carbon Fiber Resin - Rising Demand for Lightweight Products Fosters Market Growth..............II-46 Carbon Fiber Recycling - Rising Expectations II-46 Carbon Filler Based Nanocomposites II-46 Carbon Fiber Continues to Face Competition from Traditional Materials.............. II-47 Graphene Fiber - The Latest Development in Carbon Fibers II-47 Carbon Fiber and its Maintenance II-48 Table 29: Fatigue Strength of Different Materials (as % of 100,000 Cycles) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-49 4. A REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENTS & RESEARCH INITIATIVES II-50 Novel Processing Technique Enhances Strength and Modulus of Carbon Fibers.............. II-50 Advancing Carbon Fiber Continues to Make Waves in the Swimming World.............. II-51 Efforts Underway at The Oak Ridge National Laboratory to Increase Adoption of Carbon Fibers in Automobiles II-51 Ford Showcases Carbon Fiber Bonnet Prototype for Futuristic Cars II-51 Carbon Fiber Technology Complements E-Mobility II-52 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Design and Technological Advancements in the Premium Helmet Market..............II-52 Carbon Fiber Phone Skins - The Latest Innovation II-52 Innovative Production Processes to Reduce Environmental Impacts of Carbon Fiber Production II-53 Development of Tooling Frames from Carbon Fiber II-53 Innovation in Recycling Carbon Fibers II-53 Carbon Fiber Wheels - For Niche Segment II-54 5. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-55 Introduction.............. II-55 Definition.............. II-55 Characteristics.............. II-55 Handling Measures and Safety Precautions II-56 Emergency Care-Taking Measures..............II-56 Storing Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Shipping Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Disposal of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 History of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Classification of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Based on Precursor Material..............II-57 PAN-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-57 Production Process..............II-57 Pitch-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Rayon-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Based on Form.............. II-58 A Brief Description of Attributes and Applications of Carbon Fiber.............. II-58 End-Use Applications..............II-59 Aerospace and Defense..............II-59 Select Applications of Carbon Fiber Composites in Aircraft II-59 Sports Goods.............. II-60 Use of Carbon Fiber in Sports Goods II-60 Industrial Applications..............II-60 Wind Energy.............. II-61 Automotive.............. II-61 Other End-Use Applications..............II-61 6. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS II-62 Hexcel Reinforcements Unveils Carbon Fibre Composite Structure for Auto OEM.............. II-62 Toho Tenax Develops Thermoplastic Textile Prepreg II-62 EU Consortium to Develop Lightweight CRRP Wheel II-62 Dow Automotive Systems to Launch New Carbon Fiber Bonding Technique.............. II-62 Hyosung to Manufacture Products Using Carbon Fiber II-62 Dell to Use Recycled Carbon Fiber in Latitude and Alienware Products.............. II-62 SGL to Unveil Novel Carbon Fiber-based Materials II-63 Toho Tenax Develops TENAX XMS32 Carbon Fiber for Automotive & Aerospace Sectors..............II-63 Hyosung Introduces TANSOME® High-Performance Carbon Fiber II-63 7. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-64 Hexcel Takes Over Complete Ownership of Formax JV II-64 DowAksa and Turkish Aerospace Industries Establish High Technology Facility..............II-64 Mitsubishi to Form JV with CSP for Automotive Carbon Fiber Components.............. II-64 Mitsui to Acquire Stake in Hexagon Composites II-64 SGL Combines Composites & SGL Automotive Carbon Fibers to Form Singe Business Unit, Composites - Fibers and Materials II-64 Toho Tenax Renews Contract with UTAS for Pyromex Supply II-65 Toho Tenax Europe Develops Integrated Production System for Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Plastic II-65 Toray to Invest in Expanding Carbon Fiber Processing Capacity in Europe.............. II-65 Toho Tenax Inks Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-65 Solvay Acquires Cytec..............II-65 Toray and Boeing Ink Long-term Agreement for Carbon Fiber Supply II-65 Mitsubishi Rayon to Build New Carbon Fiber Intermediate Materials Plant.............. II-66 Toray to Acquire Outstanding Interest in Delta Tech II-66 SGL Receives BMBF Funding to Develop Carbon Fiber for Thermoplastic Applications..............II-66 Toray to Expand Production Capacity at Zoltek's Mexican Plant II-66 Ford and DowAksa Ink Joint Development Agreement for Automotive-Grade Carbon Fiber II-66 Lenzing Group Divests Dolan and European Carbon Fiber II-66 SGL and BASF Conclude Joint Research of New Thermoplastic Carbon-Fiber Composites..............II-67 Airbus to Use Mitsubishi's Carbon Fiber in Engine Components II-67 Mitsubishi Integrates Carbon Fiber Businesses of Mitsubishi Rayon and Mitsubishi Plastics II-67 Toho Tenax Enters into Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-67 DowAksa Takes Over 50% Stake in c-m-p GmbH II-67 Toray to Acquire Saati's European Carbon Fiber Fabric and Prepreg Business.............. II-68 Toray to Supply TORAYCA® Prepreg to Boeing II-68 Hexcel to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity in France II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon Acquires Stake in Wethje Holding II-68 SGL Commences Thermoplastic-Compatible Carbon Fibers in Scotland II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity at US Plant II-68 SGL Automotive to Expand Capacity of Carbon Fiber Production in the US.............. II-68 Toray Acquires Zoltek..............II-69 Cytec Achieves Mechanical Completion of Carbon Fiber Facility in South Carolina..............II-69 8. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS..............II-70 Cytec Solvay Group (US)..............II-70 DowAksa (Turkey).............. II-70 Formosa Plastics Corporation (Taiwan) II-70 Hexcel Corporation (US)..............II-71 Hyosung Corporation (Korea)..............II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Carbon Fiber and Composites, Inc. (US) II-72 Nippon Graphite Fiber Corporation (Japan) II-72 SGL Group - The Carbon Company (Germany) II-72 Teijin Ltd. (Japan).............. II-73 Toho Tenax Co., Ltd. (Japan)..............II-73 Toho Tenax America, Inc. (US)..............II-73 Toray Industries, Inc. (Japan) II-74 Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc. (US) II-74 ZOLTEK™ Carbon Fiber (US)..............II-75 9. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-76 Table 30: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-76 Table 31: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-77 Table 32: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-78 By End-Use Application..............II-79 Table 33: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-79 Table 34: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-80 Table 35: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-81 Table 36: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-82 Table 37: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-83 Table 38: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-84 Table 39: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-85 Table 40: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-86 Table 41: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-87 Table 42: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-88 Table 43: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-89 Table 44: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-90 Table 45: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-91 Table 46: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-92 Table 47: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-93 Table 48: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-94 Table 49: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-95 Table 50: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-96 III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Market Overview.............. III-1 US Invests in R&D to Gain Share in Carbon Fiber Market III-1 Carbon Fiber - The Most Preferred Material by the US Defense III-2 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand III-2 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Technological Advancements in the US Spinal Implants Market..............III-3 Strategic Corporate Developments III-3 Select Players.............. III-5 B.Market Analytics..............III-8 Table 51: US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-8 Table 52: US Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-9 Table 53: US 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-10 2. CANADA.............. III-11 Market Analysis.............. III-11 Table 54: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11 Table 55: Canadian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-12 Table 56: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-13 3. JAPAN.............. III-14 A.Market Analysis.............. III-14 Current and Future Analysis..............III-14 Product Innovations/Introductions III-14 Strategic Corporate Developments III-14 Select Players.............. III-15 B.Market Analytics..............III-17 Table 57: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17 Table 58: Japanese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18 Table 59: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-19 4. EUROPE.............. III-20 A.Market Analysis.............. III-20 Carbon Fiber Market on the Rise III-20 Carbon-Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastics to Offer Good Competition to Glass Fibers III-20 B.Market Analytics..............III-21 Table 60: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21 Table 61: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22 Table 62: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-23 Table 63: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24 Table 64: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-25 Table 65: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-26 4a. FRANCE.............. III-27 A.Market Analysis.............. III-27 Current and Future Analysis..............III-27 Strategic Corporate Development III-27 B.Market Analytics..............III-28 Table 66: French Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28 Table 67: French Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29 Table 68: French 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-30 4b. GERMANY.............. III-31 A.Market Analysis.............. III-31 Current and Future Analysis..............III-31 Product Introductions/Developments III-31 Strategic Corporate Developments III-32 SGL Group - The Carbon Company - A Key German Player III-33 B.Market Analytics..............III-34 Table 69: German Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-34 Table 70: German Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-35 Table 71: German 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-36 4c. ITALY.............. III-37 A.Market Analysis.............. III-37 Current and Future Analysis..............III-37 Strategic Corporate Developments III-37 B.Market Analytics..............III-38 Table 72: Italian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-38 Table 73: Italian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39 Table 74: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-40 4d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-41 A.Market Analysis.............. III-41 Current and Future Analysis..............III-41 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: An Insight III-41 EU Legislations Driving Carbon Fiber Market in the UK III-41 Strategic Corporate Developments III-41 B.Market Analytics..............III-42 Table 75: UK Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42 Table 76: UK Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-43 Table 77: UK 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-44 4e. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-45 A.Market Analysis.............. III-45 Current and Future Analysis..............III-45 Russia.............. III-45 Strategic Corporate Developments III-46 DowAksa (Turkey) - A Key Player III-46 B.Market Analytics..............III-47 Table 78: Rest of Europe Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47 Table 79: Rest of Europe Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-48 Table 80: Rest of Europe 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-49 5. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-50 Market Analysis.............. III-50 Table 81: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50 Table 82: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-51 Table 83: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52 Table 84: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-53 Table 85: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-54 Table 86: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-55 5a. CHINA.............. III-56 A.Market Analysis.............. III-56 Current and Future Analysis..............III-56 Carbon Fiber: A Promising Market III-56 Lightweighting Trend in Automotive Industry: Positive Opportunities for China's Carbon Fiber Market III-57 Favorable Policies Boost Carbon Fiber Production Capacity III-57 Table 87: Chinese Carbon Fiber Market - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-59 Table 88: Carbon Fiber Precursor Market in China - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-60 Table 89: Proposed & Ongoing Carbon Fiber Projects in China (2016).............. III-61 B.Market Analytics..............III-62 Table 90: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62 Table 91: Chinese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-63 Table 92: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-64 5b. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-65 A.Market Analysis.............. III-65 Current and Future Analysis..............III-65 Focus on Select Regions..............III-65 India.............. III-65 Carbon Fiber Market: An Overview III-65 Expanding Industrial Applications to Drive Demand for Carbon Fiber Composites..............III-66 Table 93: Carbon Fiber Composites Market in India (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by End-Use Sector (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66 Promising Opportunities in the Prepregs Market III-66 Table 94: Indian Prepregs Market (2018P): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Material - Glass Fiber Prepreg, Carbon Fiber Prepreg, and Aramid Fiber Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-67 South Korea.............. III-67 Efforts to Develop Carbon Fiber Products Gain Ground III-67 Large Companies Foray into the Carbon Fiber Market III-68 Strategic Corporate Developments III-68 Select Players.............. III-69 B.Market Analytics..............III-70 Table 95: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-70 Table 96: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-71 Table 97: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-72 6. REST OF WORLD.............. III-73 A.Market Analysis.............. III-73 Current and Future Analysis..............III-73 Automotive Carbon Fiber Composites in the UAE: A Promising Market.............. III-73 Strategic Corporate Development III-73 B.Market Analytics..............III-74 Table 98: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-74 Table 99: Rest of World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75 Table 100: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-76 IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Total Companies Profiled: 35 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 46) The United States (13) Japan (11) Europe (7) - Germany (4) - The United Kingdom (1) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (1) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (15) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-carbon-fiber-industry-300351220.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Oct 25, 2016, 20:57 ET Preview: Global Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Monitor Industry Oct 25, 2016, 20:07 ET Preview: Global Tire Industry My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18:31 ETBRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to... 18:23 ETDegenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Chemical Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Carbon Fiber Industry News provided by ReportBuyer Oct 25, 2016, 20:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Carbon Fiber Industry By Published: Oct 25, 2016 8:10 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Carbon Fibers in Metric Tons. The Global market is analyzed by the by the following End-Use Application Segments: Aerospace and Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Wind Energy, Automotive, and Others. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 35 companies including many key and niche players such as - Cytec Solvay Group DowAksa Formosa Plastics Corporation Hexcel Corporation Hyosung Corporation Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONSStudy Reliability and Reporting Limitations I-1 Disclaimers.............. I-2 Data Interpretation & Reporting Level I-2 Quantitative Techniques & Analytics I-3 Product Definition and Scope of Study I-3II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW.............. II-1 Carbon Fiber - An Ideal Lightweight & High-Strength Material for Commercial & Industrial Applications II-1 Current and Future Analysis..............II-2 Carbon Fiber - Production Scenario II-3 Table 1: Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity by Region/Country (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-4Table 2: Global PAN-based Carbon Fiber Capacity (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small-Tow and Large-Tow Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-4Table 3: Global Fiber Production by Tow Size (2013-2017): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Small Tow (<24K) and Large Tow (>24K) Carbon Fibers (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-5Table 4: Global Carbon Fiber Production by Fiber Form (2015): Percentage Breakdown of Volume for Thermoset UD Prepreg, Thermoset Fabric Prepreg, Molding Compounds, Woven Fabric, Raw Fiber and Thermoplastic Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-5 PAN-based Carbon Fibers - A Major Share of the Market II-5 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: Steady Growth Prospects II-6 Table 5: Global Demand for Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics (CFRP) in Thousand mt per Annum for 2012-2016 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-8Table 6: Global Composites Market by Type (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales for Aramid Fiber Reinforced Plastics, Carbon Fiber Reinforced Plastics and Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastics (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9Table 7: Global CRP Market (2015E): Percentage Share Breakdown of CRP Volume Demand by Production Process (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-9Table 8: Global Carbon Composites Market by End-Use Sector (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand for Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Civil Engineering, Marine, Sports & Leisure, Wind Power and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-10 Carbon Fiber Prepregs Market - Aerospace Sector to Drive Demand II-10 Cost of Carbon Fiber - A Major Limiting Factor II-10 Positive Economic Outlook Bodes Well for Carbon Fibers Market II-11 Table 9: World Real GDP Growth Rates (%) by Country/Region (2014-2017) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-132. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE..............II-14 Intense Competition Characterizes Carbon Fibers Market II-14 Table 10: Leading Players in the Global Carbon Fiber Market (2015E): Ranked by Production Capacities (in kt per annum) for Cytec, Dowaksa, Formosa Plastics Corporation, Henshen Co. Ltd., Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL Group, Teijin, Toray and Zhongfu Shenying (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-15Table 11: Leading Carbon Fiber Companies Worldwide (2014): Percentage Share Breakdown of Revenues for Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Chemical, SGL Carbon, Toho, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16Table 12: Leading Producers of PAN Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for DowAksa, Formosa Plastics, Hexcel, Mitsubishi Rayon, SGL, Teijin, Toray and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-16Table 13: Leading Producers of Pitch-based Carbon Fiber (2016E): Percentage Share Breakdown of Production Capacity for Cytec Solvay, Mitsubishi Rayon and Nippon Graphite Fiber (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-17 Proprietary Nature of Precursor in CF Manufacturing II-17 Acrylonitrile - The Major Raw Material for PAN Carbon Fiber Precursor.............. II-18 Carbon Fiber Majors Focus on Capacity Expansions Initiatives II-18 Asian Companies Dominate Aerospace-Grade Carbon Fiber Production II-19 Table 14: Global Aerospace Carbon Fiber Market (2012): Percentage Share Breakdown by Leading Players - Toray, Hexcel, Cytec, Toho and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-20 Leading Producers Invest in Capacity Expansions to Meet the Needs of Auto Industry..............II-20 Supply-Demand Balance in Carbon Fiber Industry - Gradual Improvements in Store..............II-213. GROWTH DRIVERS, MARKET TRENDS & ISSUES II-22 Aerospace & Defense Sector: Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber as Manufacturing Material II-22 Table 15: Raw Material Use in Aircraft Manufacturing Worldwide (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by Type of Raw Material (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-23 Rising Demand for New Commercial Aircraft Sets the Tone for Carbon Fibers Market..............II-23 Table 16: Combined Aircraft Deliveries of Boeing and Airbus (2010-2016) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24Table 17: New Aircraft Deliveries Worldwide by Geographic Region (2015-2034): Percentage Share Breakdown of Number of Deliveries for Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, Middle East and North America (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-24 Increasing Share of Carbon Composites in Commercial Aircraft II-25 Table 18: Aerospace Demand for Carbon Fiber in Various Aircraft Types (2014) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26Table 19: Use of Carbon Fiber Composites in Comparison to Other Materials in Boeing 787 Airplanes (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-26Table 20: Material Composition of Airbus A350 XWB Aircraft - Percentage Mix of Composites Compared to Other Materials (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-26 Carbon Fiber Composites Find Favor in Aircraft Interiors II-27 Emergence of New & Unconventional Composites for Use in Aircraft Interiors..............II-27 Carbon Fiber Emerges as a Material of Choice Replacing Steel in Automotive Industry..............II-28 Table 21: Material Mix in a Standard Vehicle (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Material Use by Weight for Aluminum, Iron, Plastic/Composites, Rubber, Steel and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-29Table 22: Lighweighting Agenda of Major Automotive OEMs - Weight Reduction Targets (in kg) by Model for the Period 2013 through 2020.............. II-29 Viability of Carbon Fiber for Car Frames II-30 Environmental Regulations Governing Automotive Industry to Drive Demand.............. II-30 Table 23: Long-Term Carbon Dioxide Emission Reduction Targets Established for Automotive Industry in Select Countries (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-31 US Fuel Economy Standards 2016 & 2025 II-32 Auto Industry Pursues High-Volume Uses for Carbon Fiber Composites.............. II-32 Development of Innovative Technologies for Carbon Fiber Usage in Mass Production..............II-33 Hybrid Reinforced Composites - Potential Application in Automotive Industry..............II-33 Carbon Fiber Fuelling Safety in Automotive Industry II-34 Industry Poorly Equipped to Serve Automotive Needs II-34 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand II-35 Carbon Fiber Recycling Presents a Cost-Effective Feedstock Option for Automakers..............II-35 Wind Energy Sector: Growing Preference for Carbon Fiber over Glass Fiber.............. II-36 Expanding Capacity of Wind Power Promises Growth in Demand for Carbon Fiber..............II-37 Table 24: Annual Installed Capacity (in GW) of Wind Power Worldwide (2010-2015) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-38Table 25: Global Installed Wind Power Capacity (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Cumulative Installed Capacity by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-39Table 26: Top Ten Countries in Wind Power Market - Ranked by Cumulative Installed Capacity in GW for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-39Table 27: Global Carbon Fiber Demand in the Wind Energy Industry (2015) - Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Consumption by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-39 Trend towards Longer & Lightweight Blades Bodes Well for Carbon Fiber Market..............II-40 Carbon Fiber Holds Advantages over E-glass in Wind Turbine II-40 Challenges Confronting the Switch from E-glass to Carbon Fiber II-40 Carbon Fiber Faces Tough Competition in Wind Turbine Industry II-41 Sports Goods: Rising Potential for Carbon Fiber Usage II-41 Golf Clubs - A Key Carbon Fiber Consumer II-41 Racquets - Sustained Increase in Use of Composites II-41 Snowboards and Skis - A Small Yet Promising Segment II-42 Fishing Rods - Maximum User of Fiber Properties II-42 Carbon Fibers in Sports Wheelchairs for Athletes with Disabilities.............. II-42 Construction Industry: Another Emerging Application for Carbon Fiber.............. II-43 Rising Significance of Carbon Fiber Composites in Building & Construction Industry..............II-43 Carbon Fiber in Pressure Vessels Manufacturing - A Small Yet Growing Market.............. II-44 Types of Pressure Vessels..............II-44 Table 28: Carbon Fiber Use in Pressure Vessel Manufacturing Market (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Carbon Fiber Demand by Geographic Region (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-45 MEMS Applications - The Latest Avenue for Carbon Fiber II-45 Composites Find Increased Demand in Marine Industry II-45 Carbon Fiber Resin - Rising Demand for Lightweight Products Fosters Market Growth..............II-46 Carbon Fiber Recycling - Rising Expectations II-46 Carbon Filler Based Nanocomposites II-46 Carbon Fiber Continues to Face Competition from Traditional Materials.............. II-47 Graphene Fiber - The Latest Development in Carbon Fibers II-47 Carbon Fiber and its Maintenance II-48 Table 29: Fatigue Strength of Different Materials (as % of 100,000 Cycles) (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-494. A REVIEW OF TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENTS & RESEARCH INITIATIVES II-50 Novel Processing Technique Enhances Strength and Modulus of Carbon Fibers.............. II-50 Advancing Carbon Fiber Continues to Make Waves in the Swimming World.............. II-51 Efforts Underway at The Oak Ridge National Laboratory to Increase Adoption of Carbon Fibers in Automobiles II-51 Ford Showcases Carbon Fiber Bonnet Prototype for Futuristic Cars II-51 Carbon Fiber Technology Complements E-Mobility II-52 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Design and Technological Advancements in the Premium Helmet Market..............II-52 Carbon Fiber Phone Skins - The Latest Innovation II-52 Innovative Production Processes to Reduce Environmental Impacts of Carbon Fiber Production II-53 Development of Tooling Frames from Carbon Fiber II-53 Innovation in Recycling Carbon Fibers II-53 Carbon Fiber Wheels - For Niche Segment II-545. PRODUCT OVERVIEW.............. II-55 Introduction.............. II-55 Definition.............. II-55 Characteristics.............. II-55 Handling Measures and Safety Precautions II-56 Emergency Care-Taking Measures..............II-56 Storing Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Shipping Carbon Fibers..............II-56 Disposal of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 History of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Classification of Carbon Fibers..............II-57 Based on Precursor Material..............II-57 PAN-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-57 Production Process..............II-57 Pitch-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Rayon-Based Carbon Fiber..............II-58 Based on Form.............. II-58 A Brief Description of Attributes and Applications of Carbon Fiber.............. II-58 End-Use Applications..............II-59 Aerospace and Defense..............II-59 Select Applications of Carbon Fiber Composites in Aircraft II-59 Sports Goods.............. II-60 Use of Carbon Fiber in Sports Goods II-60 Industrial Applications..............II-60 Wind Energy.............. II-61 Automotive.............. II-61 Other End-Use Applications..............II-616. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS II-62 Hexcel Reinforcements Unveils Carbon Fibre Composite Structure for Auto OEM.............. II-62 Toho Tenax Develops Thermoplastic Textile Prepreg II-62 EU Consortium to Develop Lightweight CRRP Wheel II-62 Dow Automotive Systems to Launch New Carbon Fiber Bonding Technique.............. II-62 Hyosung to Manufacture Products Using Carbon Fiber II-62 Dell to Use Recycled Carbon Fiber in Latitude and Alienware Products.............. II-62 SGL to Unveil Novel Carbon Fiber-based Materials II-63 Toho Tenax Develops TENAX XMS32 Carbon Fiber for Automotive & Aerospace Sectors..............II-63 Hyosung Introduces TANSOME® High-Performance Carbon Fiber II-637. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY..............II-64 Hexcel Takes Over Complete Ownership of Formax JV II-64 DowAksa and Turkish Aerospace Industries Establish High Technology Facility..............II-64 Mitsubishi to Form JV with CSP for Automotive Carbon Fiber Components.............. II-64 Mitsui to Acquire Stake in Hexagon Composites II-64 SGL Combines Composites & SGL Automotive Carbon Fibers to Form Singe Business Unit, Composites - Fibers and Materials II-64 Toho Tenax Renews Contract with UTAS for Pyromex Supply II-65 Toho Tenax Europe Develops Integrated Production System for Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Plastic II-65 Toray to Invest in Expanding Carbon Fiber Processing Capacity in Europe.............. II-65 Toho Tenax Inks Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-65 Solvay Acquires Cytec..............II-65 Toray and Boeing Ink Long-term Agreement for Carbon Fiber Supply II-65 Mitsubishi Rayon to Build New Carbon Fiber Intermediate Materials Plant.............. II-66 Toray to Acquire Outstanding Interest in Delta Tech II-66 SGL Receives BMBF Funding to Develop Carbon Fiber for Thermoplastic Applications..............II-66 Toray to Expand Production Capacity at Zoltek's Mexican Plant II-66 Ford and DowAksa Ink Joint Development Agreement for Automotive-Grade Carbon Fiber II-66 Lenzing Group Divests Dolan and European Carbon Fiber II-66 SGL and BASF Conclude Joint Research of New Thermoplastic Carbon-Fiber Composites..............II-67 Airbus to Use Mitsubishi's Carbon Fiber in Engine Components II-67 Mitsubishi Integrates Carbon Fiber Businesses of Mitsubishi Rayon and Mitsubishi Plastics II-67 Toho Tenax Enters into Agreement with Kawasaki Heavy Industries II-67 DowAksa Takes Over 50% Stake in c-m-p GmbH II-67 Toray to Acquire Saati's European Carbon Fiber Fabric and Prepreg Business.............. II-68 Toray to Supply TORAYCA® Prepreg to Boeing II-68 Hexcel to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity in France II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon Acquires Stake in Wethje Holding II-68 SGL Commences Thermoplastic-Compatible Carbon Fibers in Scotland II-68 Mitsubishi Rayon to Expand Carbon Fiber Capacity at US Plant II-68 SGL Automotive to Expand Capacity of Carbon Fiber Production in the US.............. II-68 Toray Acquires Zoltek..............II-69 Cytec Achieves Mechanical Completion of Carbon Fiber Facility in South Carolina..............II-698. FOCUS ON SELECT PLAYERS..............II-70 Cytec Solvay Group (US)..............II-70 DowAksa (Turkey).............. II-70 Formosa Plastics Corporation (Taiwan) II-70 Hexcel Corporation (US)..............II-71 Hyosung Corporation (Korea)..............II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) II-71 Mitsubishi Rayon Carbon Fiber and Composites, Inc. (US) II-72 Nippon Graphite Fiber Corporation (Japan) II-72 SGL Group - The Carbon Company (Germany) II-72 Teijin Ltd. (Japan).............. II-73 Toho Tenax Co., Ltd. (Japan)..............II-73 Toho Tenax America, Inc. (US)..............II-73 Toray Industries, Inc. (Japan) II-74 Toray Carbon Fibers America, Inc. (US) II-74 ZOLTEK™ Carbon Fiber (US)..............II-759. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE..............II-76 Table 30: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-76Table 31: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-77Table 32: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart).............. II-78 By End-Use Application..............II-79 Table 33: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-79Table 34: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-80Table 35: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Wind Energy Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-81Table 36: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-82Table 37: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-83Table 38: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Aerospace and Defense Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-84Table 39: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-85Table 40: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-86Table 41: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Sports Goods Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-87Table 42: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-88Table 43: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-89Table 44: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Industrial Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-90Table 45: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-91Table 46: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-92Table 47: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Automotive Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-93Table 48: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............II-94Table 49: World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-95Table 50: World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers in Other End-Use Applications by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) II-96III. MARKET1. THE UNITED STATES.............. III-1 A.Market Analysis.............. III-1 Market Overview.............. III-1 US Invests in R&D to Gain Share in Carbon Fiber Market III-1 Carbon Fiber - The Most Preferred Material by the US Defense III-2 The FreedomCAR Program to Boost Carbon Fiber Demand III-2 Carbon Fibers Facilitate Technological Advancements in the US Spinal Implants Market..............III-3 Strategic Corporate Developments III-3 Select Players.............. III-5 B.Market Analytics..............III-8 Table 51: US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-8Table 52: US Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-9Table 53: US 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-102. CANADA.............. III-11 Market Analysis.............. III-11 Table 54: Canadian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-11Table 55: Canadian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-12Table 56: Canadian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-133. JAPAN.............. III-14 A.Market Analysis.............. III-14 Current and Future Analysis..............III-14 Product Innovations/Introductions III-14 Strategic Corporate Developments III-14 Select Players.............. III-15 B.Market Analytics..............III-17 Table 57: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-17Table 58: Japanese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-18Table 59: Japanese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-194. EUROPE.............. III-20 A.Market Analysis.............. III-20 Carbon Fiber Market on the Rise III-20 Carbon-Fiber Reinforced Thermoplastics to Offer Good Competition to Glass Fibers III-20 B.Market Analytics..............III-21 Table 60: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-21Table 61: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-22Table 62: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for France, Germany, Italy, UK and Rest of Europe Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-23Table 63: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-24Table 64: European Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-25Table 65: European 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-264a. FRANCE.............. III-27 A.Market Analysis.............. III-27 Current and Future Analysis..............III-27 Strategic Corporate Development III-27 B.Market Analytics..............III-28 Table 66: French Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-28Table 67: French Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-29Table 68: French 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-304b. GERMANY.............. III-31 A.Market Analysis.............. III-31 Current and Future Analysis..............III-31 Product Introductions/Developments III-31 Strategic Corporate Developments III-32 SGL Group - The Carbon Company - A Key German Player III-33 B.Market Analytics..............III-34 Table 69: German Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-34Table 70: German Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-35Table 71: German 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-364c. ITALY.............. III-37 A.Market Analysis.............. III-37 Current and Future Analysis..............III-37 Strategic Corporate Developments III-37 B.Market Analytics..............III-38 Table 72: Italian Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-38Table 73: Italian Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-39Table 74: Italian 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-404d. THE UNITED KINGDOM..............III-41 A.Market Analysis.............. III-41 Current and Future Analysis..............III-41 Carbon Fiber Composites Market: An Insight III-41 EU Legislations Driving Carbon Fiber Market in the UK III-41 Strategic Corporate Developments III-41 B.Market Analytics..............III-42 Table 75: UK Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-42Table 76: UK Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-43Table 77: UK 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-444e. REST OF EUROPE.............. III-45 A.Market Analysis.............. III-45 Current and Future Analysis..............III-45 Russia.............. III-45 Strategic Corporate Developments III-46 DowAksa (Turkey) - A Key Player III-46 B.Market Analytics..............III-47 Table 78: Rest of Europe Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-47Table 79: Rest of Europe Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-48Table 80: Rest of Europe 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-495. ASIA-PACIFIC.............. III-50 Market Analysis.............. III-50 Table 81: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-50Table 82: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-51Table 83: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by Geographic Region - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for China and Rest of Asia-Pacific Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-52Table 84: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-53Table 85: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-54Table 86: Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-555a. CHINA.............. III-56 A.Market Analysis.............. III-56 Current and Future Analysis..............III-56 Carbon Fiber: A Promising Market III-56 Lightweighting Trend in Automotive Industry: Positive Opportunities for China's Carbon Fiber Market III-57 Favorable Policies Boost Carbon Fiber Production Capacity III-57 Table 87: Chinese Carbon Fiber Market - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-59Table 88: Carbon Fiber Precursor Market in China - Production Capacity (in Thousand Tons) of Leading Producers for 2015 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-60Table 89: Proposed & Ongoing Carbon Fiber Projects in China (2016).............. III-61 B.Market Analytics..............III-62 Table 90: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-62Table 91: Chinese Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-63Table 92: Chinese 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-645b. REST OF ASIA-PACIFIC..............III-65 A.Market Analysis.............. III-65 Current and Future Analysis..............III-65 Focus on Select Regions..............III-65 India.............. III-65 Carbon Fiber Market: An Overview III-65 Expanding Industrial Applications to Drive Demand for Carbon Fiber Composites..............III-66 Table 93: Carbon Fiber Composites Market in India (2015): Percentage Share Breakdown of Volume Demand by End-Use Sector (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-66 Promising Opportunities in the Prepregs Market III-66 Table 94: Indian Prepregs Market (2018P): Percentage Share Breakdown of Value Sales by Material - Glass Fiber Prepreg, Carbon Fiber Prepreg, and Aramid Fiber Prepreg (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-67 South Korea.............. III-67 Efforts to Develop Carbon Fiber Products Gain Ground III-67 Large Companies Foray into the Carbon Fiber Market III-68 Strategic Corporate Developments III-68 Select Players.............. III-69 B.Market Analytics..............III-70 Table 95: Rest of Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-70Table 96: Rest of Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-71Table 97: Rest of Asia-Pacific 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-726. REST OF WORLD.............. III-73 A.Market Analysis.............. III-73 Current and Future Analysis..............III-73 Automotive Carbon Fiber Composites in the UAE: A Promising Market.............. III-73 Strategic Corporate Development III-73 B.Market Analytics..............III-74 Table 98: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2015 through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-74Table 99: Rest of World Historic Review for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Consumption Figures in Metric Tons for Years 2009 through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III-75Table 100: Rest of World 14-Year Perspective for Carbon Fibers by End-Use Application - Percentage Breakdown of Volume Consumption for Aerospace & Defense, Sports Goods, Industrial Applications, Automotive and Other End-Use Application Markets for Years 2009, 2016 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)..............III-76IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPETotal Companies Profiled: 35 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries - 46)The United States (13) Japan (11) Europe (7) - Germany (4) - The United Kingdom (1) - Italy (1) - Rest of Europe (1) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (15) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/1374993/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.comFor more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-carbon-fiber-industry-300351220.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing more 'optimistic' about building mid-market plane - eventually News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Technology Boeing more 'optimistic' about building mid-market plane - eventually Boeing voiced more optimism on Tuesday about going ahead with a new aircraft to fill a gap in its product line, but said the time frame for producing such a plane remained years away. Posted 26 Oct 2016 02:40 The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A BRUSSELS: Boeing voiced more optimism on Tuesday about going ahead with a new aircraft to fill a gap in its product line, but said the time frame for producing such a plane remained years away. "I would say we're a little bit more optimistic today than we have been" about the "middle of the market" plane, Randy Tinseth, vice president of marketing at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said at a briefing on Boeing's market outlook in Brussels, ahead of Boeing's results report on Wednesday. But Tinseth said other projects will come first: bringing its 737 MAX single-aisle aircraft into service next year, adding a longer Dreamliner, the 787-10, in 2018 and developing the 777X, due in 2020. "So whatever we're going to do here, it will come after we get all those other things done," Tinseth said. Boeing is under growing pressure to produce the middle of the market plane, which would fill a gap between its largest 737 MAX model and the smallest 787. Earlier this month, the head of Qatar Airways took the opportunity of an order announcement to further press Boeing to build such a plane. Asked in a Reuters interview when he wanted to hear more about the plane, Al Baker said: "Yesterday!" Ray Conner, CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, said in the same interview that Boeing continues to evaluate the idea and talk with customers. In addition to building the jets already on the drawing boards, Boeing's first order of business in the mid-market segment is to protect its flank from European rival Airbus , which has gobbled up orders in that space. Airbus' A321neo is larger than Boeing's competing 737, and Boeing said it is studying a stretched version, dubbed the MAX 10, that would be easier to make than an all-new middle of the market plane. But the 737 MAX 10 is not seen coming to market until after the smallest version comes out in 2019. Boeing could develop both a 737 MAX 10 and a new middle of the market plane, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said at an investor conference last month. But no decisions have been made. "We could potentially do both," he said. Boeing also could compete with the planes it has already, he added. Analysts are looking for Boeing to report profit of US$2.62 per share when it posts third-quarter results on Wednesday, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PANASONIC AKTIE»Panasonic Avionics to Equip 60 Aeromexico Aircraft With Latest IFE Technology PANASONIC CORPORATION 8,855  Euro +0,128 +1,47 % WKN: 853666  ISIN: JP3866800000 Ticker-Symbol: MAT1  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 17:19 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheKonsumgüter AktienmarktNIKKEI-225 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 8,891 8,989 15.11. 8,885 9,059 15.11. 25.10.2016 | 15:03 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Panasonic Avionics to Equip 60 Aeromexico Aircraft With Latest IFE Technology SINGAPORE, October 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing 737 MAX fleet will be equipped with most advanced linefit inflight entertainment (IFE) system for single-aisle aircraft Panasonic Avionics Corporation (Panasonic) and Aeromexico, Mexico's Global airline, today announced the extension of their long-running partnership. The new agreement will see 60 Boeing 737 MAX with Panasonic's most advanced linefit IFE system for single-aisle aircraft. eX1 will offer Aeromexico passengers a familiar, easy-to-use, personalised interface that has been designed for an optimal viewing experience. This is backed by the industry's largest library of games, audio and video. Panasonic's IFE system also provides airlines with a business platform that drives additional revenue and promotes greater brand loyalty by offering a consistently engaging experience with the highest levels of personalization. Each system can be seamlessly combined with broadband connectivity to deliver high value services such as targeted advertising, concierge services, communications, social networking, streaming live television, phone services, and real-time commerce. Paul Margis, President and Chief Executive Officer of Panasonic Avionics said: "Panasonic has a long and distinguished partnership with Aeromexico, and we're proud to develop it further with the announcement of these 60 additional aircraft. The enhanced partnership means Aeromexico will now be able to deliver the same entertainment experience of its 787 fleet to its narrow body aircraft." Antonio Fernandez, Aeromexico's VP Product Design and Service Standards adds:"At Aeromexico, we are always looking for new ways to offer our passengers the most premium experience across our fleet of aircraft. Panasonic's new IFE system means that we can deliver engaging content for all flyers, whether short or long-haul, driving loyalty and enhancing the customer experience." Panasonic works hand in hand with seat designers and manufacturers to create fully integrated IFE systems that give passengers maximum control of the seat environment. Its systems act as a powerful business and marketing platform for airlines, making it easy for passengers to browse and buy goods and services inflight whilst enjoying carefully curated content that reflects the airline brand. About Panasonic Avionics Corporation Panasonic Avionics Corporation is the world's leading supplier of inflight entertainment and communication systems. The company's best-in-class solutions, supported by professional maintenance services, fully integrate with the cabin enabling its customers to deliver the ultimate travel experiences with a rich variety of entertainment choices, resulting in improved quality communication systems and solutions, reduced time-to-market and lower overall costs. Established in 1979, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, a U.S. corporation, is a subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation of North America, the principal North American subsidiary of Panasonic Corporation. Headquartered in Lake Forest, California with over 4,100 employees and operations in 80 global locations, it has delivered over 8,000 IFE systems and 1,000 inflight connectivity solutions to the world's leading airlines. For additional information, please visit http://www.panasonic.aero. About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico's global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 18 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, four in Europe, three in Canada and two in Asia. The Group's fleet of about 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170, 175 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of SkyTeam, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 672 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia and Peru. http://www.aeromexico.com http://www.skyteam.com © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu PANASONIC CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Panasonic Co. Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ► Artikel lesen Di Komsa schult zur neuen Panasonic-Serie KX-NSX: Erst vor kurzem hatte Panasonic seine neue Kommunikationsplattform KX-NSX ... ► Artikel lesen Mo Panasonic launcht neue Kommunikationsplattform KX-NSX: Panasonic erweitert sein Sortiment mit der KX-NSX-Serie und ... ► Artikel lesen Mo Panasonic ends due diligence, steps back from Gorenje ► Artikel lesen Fr UPDATE 1-Trading in Gorenje suspended after Panasonic decides against takeover ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
My Account Menu About CAPA Events Reports Fleets Analysis Data Route Capacity Analyser Traffic Benchmark Rankings Airports Data Homepage Air Finance Homepage CASK Database Share Price Benchmark Low Cost Carriers (LCCs) CAPA Fleets Database Start-up Airlines CAPA Fleets Analytics Airline Groups Global Alliances Profile Finder Codesharing and Interlining Market Share News Profiles CAPA Login Username: Password: Remember details Register to trial CAPA Membership! China Southern to add 20 787-9s in first phase of refleeting as it prepares long-term hub strategy CAPA > Aviation Analysis > China Southern to add 20 787-9s in first phase of refleeting as it prepares long-term hub strategy 25-Oct-2016 Tweet © CAPA To Shenzhen, or not to Shenzhen? That is a question facing China Southern Airlines as it prepares its long term hub strategy: whether the Guangzhou-based airline should continue growing in the nearby city of Shenzhen, or should concentrate its southern hub exclusively in Guangzhou. In the upcoming peak season Guangzhou will account for 85% of China Southern's long haul departures. That includes, for the first time, 20 intercontinental Guangzhou departures in a single day. Shenzhen is part of China Southern's catchment area, but Shenzhen Airlines and its majority owner Air China plan to expand in Shenzhen, and competition continues in nearby Hong Kong. As China Southern weighs its Shenzhen presence, and awaits regulatory clarity on where it can grow at the new Beijing Daxing airport from 2019, the airline intends to take 20 787-9s in the compact period of 2018-2020. China Southern operates 10 -8s, while its sister company Xiamen Airlines is due to receive its first -9 in Dec-2016. China Southern's 787-9 order puts long haul aircraft back on order at Asia's largest airline. A later aircraft order will provide China Southern with post-2020 growth capacity. China Southern 787-9s to complement existing 10x 787-8s, and Xiamen's 787-9s China Southern intends to take delivery of 20 787-9s. This delivery is made up of 12 on order from Boeing and as confirmed by China Southern, and then a further eight from lessors: three from AerCap and five from Air Lease. The 12 units direct from Boeing have delivery dates in these lots: five in 2018, four in 2019 and three in 2020.  The leased aircraft do not have publicly confirmed delivery dates, but seven are projected to be delivered in 2018 and then one in 2020. That would bring total deliveries to 12 in 2018, four in 2019 and four in 2020. China Southern's order consists of medium-term lift direct from Boeing while lessors provide more immediate capacity additions. China Southern Airlines projected delivery dates for aircraft purchased from OEMs and leased from lessors, new aircraft order pipelines as at 21-Oct-2016 Source: CAPA Fleet Database. The 20 -9 variants join China Southern's existing 10x -8 variants. Xiamen Airlines, majority-owned by China Southern, has 6x 787-8s (its first widebody aircraft) and is expected to take 6x 787-9s. China Southern and Xiamen can pool resources to support the 787. The 787-9 is in service in mainland China with Air China and Hainan Airlines. China Eastern has ordered the aircraft and Lucky Air, part of HNA, has stated that it intends to receive the 787-9. Air China and China Eastern have both had to split long haul aircraft needs – they will each take A350-900s and 787-9s. China Southern, however, has so far been able to rely on the 777 and 787. A330s (of which China Southern has 37) are in use at all three state-owned airlines, while China Southern's A380 (the only one operated by a Chinese airline) is a flagship but significantly underutilised. Additional 787s into China come as Boeing furthers its share of Chinese airlines' intercontinental operations. Growing numbers of A330s at Chinese airlines meant that Boeing's share of the intercontinental market (dotted tan line in the graph below) declined to broadly 30% earlier this decade – that is, 30% of intercontinental flights by Chinese airlines were on Boeing aircraft. The growth of long haul and ultra-long haul flights has been carried out almost exclusively by Boeing aircraft (mainly 777s and 787s). Chinese airlines' accelerated long haul growth this decade has helped Boeing's share of the intercontinental market reach 42% in 2016. In the long haul/ultra-long haul segment Boeing accounts for 63% of flights. For flights under 9,000km Boeing accounts for only 25%, mainly due to the domination of the A330 in this category. Boeing aircraft share of Chinese airlines' intercontinental flights: 2006-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG.  Flights under 9,000km still comprise the majority of Chinese airlines' intercontinental markets, although the above-9,000km segment has grown from 28% in 2009 to 45% in 2016, with most of the gains made in recent years. Airbus may argue its A330 market is larger in size while Boeing might counter-argue the large widebody/very large widebody market is more profitable. Average daily intercontinental flights operated by Chinese airlines (left axis) and share of intercontinental flights over 9,000km (right axis): 2006-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG.  Guangzhou opportunities strengthen with second terminal opening in 2018 A leaning towards 2018 delivery dates coincides with the estimated Feb-2018 opening of Guangzhou's second terminal. Guangzhou is China Southern's hub, and the new terminal provides not just more capacity but also enhanced hub capability as China Southern looks to improve and grow connecting traffic. Despite Guangzhou opening its third runway in early 2015, movement growth did not occur until 2016. Guangzhou movements actually contracted 0.6% in 2015 compared with 2014 – nearly unheard of in Chinese aviation. Guangzhou Baiyun Airport monthly aircraft movements: 2008-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and airport reports. Guangzhou has been China Southern's primary intercontinental hub. In 2016 China Southern is typically operating seven weekly intercontinental flights from Beijing and 12 from Wuhan. In late 2016 China Southern for the first time will operate 20 daily intercontinental flights from Guangzhou, which will account for 85% of its intercontinental network. China Southern also operates three weekly flights from each Changsha and Shenzhen. China Southern weekly intercontinental flights from departing Chinese airport: 2012-2017 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG China Southern 787-9 order puts long haul aircraft back on order; normality returns The preference towards 2018 deliveries also reflects how China Southern fell behind on refleeting. In 2016 China Southern took delivery of its 10th 777-300ER, thereby depleting its long haul widebody orders. China Southern has kept a low profile since chairman Si Xianmin was investigated for corruption and removed from office. In a politically sensitive environment that was not the time to be bold and order more aircraft. China Southern's 787-9 order indicates normality is returning. China Southern has 13 A330-300Es on order, some of which will be used domestically. Internationally they can serve Australia or shorter European routes, such as Beijing-Amsterdam, but European services from Guangzhou would be pushing range. (Thus they are considered internally more medium haul, not long haul, aircraft.) Theoretically incoming A330s could replace the few 787/777 services to Oceania, but in some instances China Southern needs heavier lift than A330s. China Southern's plans will mean maturing itself in Australia/NZ, and the airline wants to turn its growth focus to other long haul markets – namely North America. See related report: China Southern Airlines deflects yield pressure concerns. Long haul focus shifts to North America Shenzhen is part of China Southern's catchment area, but Air China and Shenzhen Airlines are expanding Despite being China's sixth largest airport, Shenzhen did not have any regularly scheduled long haul flights until Jan-2016, when China Southern started Shenzhen-Sydney. There are several reasons for the absence: Shenzhen is just over the border from Hong Kong, which has a prolific range of international links. There was also pressure from Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific on its equity partner Air China, which is the majority owner of local airline Shenzhen Airlines. Airlines smaller than Shenzhen Airlines began to have, or stated their intent to have, widebody and long haul operations, yet Shenzhen Airlines sat out. Hong Kong has successfully developed its airport as an intermodal transit hub for the region around the Pearl River Delta, which includes the area from which Shenzhen and Guangzhou airport receive passengers. A network of ferries and coaches brings passengers from around the Pearl River Delta to Hong Kong airport. These cross-boundary passengers amounted to 4.8 million passengers in 2015 – approximately 7% of Hong Kong airport's total passenger throughput. This figure comprised 2.8 million using the SkyPier ferries and approximately 2 million using coaches. Hong Kong International Airport Local/Transfer and cross-boundary passengers (left axis, millions), and cross-boundary share (right axis): 2006-2015 (financial year ending 31-Mar of stated year) Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and HKIA. See related report: Shenzhen Airport adds six long haul flights in a bid to win back traffic from Hong Kong As is often the case in China – when there is change, it happens fast. Shenzhen has joined a dozen-plus airports in offering handsome incentives and subsidies for long haul flights. Air China, wanting to protect its territory, will have Shenzhen Airlines take A330s. Like other secondary airlines given widebodies by their airline or government owner, Shenzhen Airlines is wary: international and long haul is usually where Chinese airlines lose money. But Air China's method is long-term. Initial aircraft could come from Air China and Shenzhen Airlines could take over Air China's existing few Shenzhen long haul services. As the local airline of Shenzhen, Shenzhen Airlines will have preferences for where it flies, slots, etc. In early 2016 Shenzhen airport was due to receive six intercontinental flights over the year, having had no flights previously. Three have been launched (Sydney, Frankfurt, Seattle), while a fourth (Auckland) is due to be launched. Of the last two proposed services – schedules have been issued for Melbourne but not put on sale, while a Los Angeles service appears unlikely in the near future. Still, four or five intercontinental routes in a single year is a large change for Shenzhen, even if the services are subsidised. Summary of long haul route development at Shenzhen: proposed as of Mar-2016, current schedules week of 28-Mar-2016 Status Launch Route Airline Frequency, Equipment Weekly flights to destination city from Guangzhou and Hong Kong Weekly flights to destination region from Guangzhou and Hong Kong Scheduled  Dec-2016 Auckland Hainan   3x weekly, A330-200 CAN: 14 HKG: 14 NZ CAN: 17 HKG: 14 Launched  May-2016 Frankfurt Air China  3x weekly, A330-200  CAN: 0 HKG: 14 Western Europe CAN: 32 HKG: 159 Proposed (not launched) Oct-2016  Los Angeles Air China  3x weekly, 777-300ER  CAN: 11 HKG: 26 USA CAN: 25 HKG: 122 Proposed (not launched)  End-2016 Melbourne Air China  4x weekly, A330-200  CAN: 14 HKG: 28 Australia CAN: 39 HKG: 102 Launched Sep-2016 Seattle Xiamen Airlines 3x weekly, 787-8 CAN: 0 HKG: 6 USA CAN: 25 HKG: 122 Launched  Jan-2016  Sydney China Southern   3x weekly, A330-300  CAN: 14 HKG: 40 Australia CAN: 39 HKG: 102 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation, CAAC and OAG. Chinese airlines race to look for opportunities, grasping almost whatever routes (and incentives) are available in the hope that the services will be profitable in the future. China Southern, Air China, Xiamen Airlines and Hainan Airlines are all due to operate long haul from Shenzhen. The frantic pace has produced fragmentation. Hainan Airlines, for example, is due to fly to Auckland, which its sister airline Hong Kong Airlines launches in Nov-2016. Hong Kong Airlines relies on Shenzhen as part of its catchment area. Although the two may overlap, it may be better for the group to own the market rather than split it with another group. Still, with no direct coordination between the two, they promise to be competitors. China Southern must decide if it wants to play in this fragmented market, and one that will probably tilt away from its favour once Shenzhen Airlines asserts its role as the local operator. China Southern and Shenzhen Airlines are close to each other in market presence, with Shenzhen Airlines accounting for 29% of Shenzhen's available seats compared with China Southern's 24%. Still, as the home airline, Shenzhen Airlines has the upper hand. China Southern will need to invest in hub-building, from feeder flights to ground infrastructure, and it may be wise to concentrate on its nearby main hub of Guangzhou. In the peak season, China Southern's three weekly Shenzhen-Sydney service is in addition to three daily Guangzhou-Sydney flights, including one on the A380; Shenzhen-Sydney may become irrelevant. It is unclear how Xiamen Airlines fits in: China Southern is the owner of Xiamen Airlines, which flies Shenzhen-Seattle. Shenzhen airport seat capacity by airline: 24-Oct-2016 to 30-Oct-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG. China Southern has made the largest pivot to international flying China Southern's 20 787-9s will continue its international expansion. Of China's major three airlines, China Southern has made the largest pivot to the international (including short haul) market.  China Southern's share of its capacity flown in international markets has increased from 26% in 2013 to a forecast 34% in 2016. This 8ppt gain since 2013 is the same as Air China's, which has increased from 42% to 50%. However, historically Air China's was approximately 40%, whereas China Southern's was approximately 20%. Air China, China Eastern and China Southern share of international (including regional) ASKs: 2006-2016 Source: CAPA - Centre for Aviation and OAG. See related report: China's airlines accelerate international growth China Southern has indicated its major hub-building in Guangzhou is settling, but projections of its future international-domestic split are unclear. The biggest factor is what opportunities China Southern will have to fly from Beijing's second airport. China Southern, along with China Eastern, will be base airlines. They assume, with having absolute final permission, that from Beijing Daxing they will be able to fly long haul, even to destinations Air China serves from Beijing Capital. This may finally mean that China Southern's underutilised A380 fleet will be put to use. It will also require a further aircraft order. In a time of where there is a drought of widebody aircraft acquisitions, China Southern's plan to take 20 787-9s may stand out. Yet the aircraft bring China Southern only to the start of the next decade. China Eastern's A350/787 order earlier in 2016 takes it through the early part of the next decade. As is increasingly the case in China, there is always more to come. Want more analysis like this? CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets. Find out more and take a free trial. You may also be interested in the following articles... Northeast Asian airlines seek India connections to diversify away from SE Asia, China competition 21-Sep-2016 Aviation has yet to define India’s role in the trans-Pacific growth story. Geography allows connections from North America to India via Europe, the Gulf and – more quietly – Northeast Asia. Northeast Asian airlines have a theoretical advantage linking India with the North American west coast. The challenge they face is fitting a square peg into a round hole. The presence of Northeast Asian airlines is large in North America but small in India, while Southeast Asian airlines are small in North America but large in India. Cathay Pacific, and to a lesser extent All Nippon Airways, are in the strategic sweet spot, relatively. Growing China-India relations could result in Chinese airlines playing a larger role in this market. The different transit regions available mean that there is competition between partnerships and joint ventures. These pressures could grow as the Indian market continues expanding. China Southern Airlines deflects yield pressure concerns. Long haul focus shifts to North America 5-Sep-2016 China Southern Airlines may be Asia's largest airline, but it has one of the smallest long haul networks. China Southern has shifted growth to international markets, which represented only 17% of capacity in 2009 but doubled to 34% in 2016. Its long haul plank has been Australia and New Zealand, funnelling traffic from around China down to its southern hub at Guangzhou. China Southern has met its objectives for Australia/NZ and now turns its focus to the market that has preoccupied most other Northeast Asian airlines: North America. China Southern plans to increase flights from five daily to 11 daily, about the size that ANA is today – and larger than Air China and China Eastern. Although China Southern can build on the principle of using Guangzhou as a North-South hub, North America is a radically different proposition. Guangzhou's southern positioning limits exposure to the Chinese market that China Southern knows best. China Southern will need to target connections to Southeast Asia and India, which have only been a small component of Air China and China Eastern's network. © 2016 CAPA Centre for Aviation :: Contact Us :: Terms & Conditions :: Cookies & Privacy Policy :: Glossary :: Feedback :: All times are in AEST (GMT +11)
null
  TVNZ OnDemand 1 NEWS NOW   News Latest New Zealand World Business Entertainment Sport Latest Olympics Rugby League Football Netball Cricket Basketball Golf Tennis Other Sport weather live streams send us your story 1 NEWS team follow us News Sport Weather ° / ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Latest New Zealand World Entertainment New Zealand John Key should fly Air New Zealand: NZ First share         Source: NZN Prime Minister John Key should consider chartering an Air New Zealand flight or buying a seat instead of replacing the broken down New Zealand Air Force plane he uses for international travel, New Zealand First says. The use of two 23-year-old Boeing 757-200s have again come under scrutiny from deputy leader Ron Mark after one broke down en route to India where Mr Key is set to hold a number of high level meetings, including with his counterpart Narendra Modi. The Boeing was scheduled for only brief stopover in Australia but developed mechanical problems in Townsville meaning Mr Key and his delegation was forced to stay the night and wait for a replacement plane which took off this afternoon for India. 'The Air Force are not happy with what's happened' 02:09 Our Political Reporter Katie Bradford reports from Townsville where the airforce plane carrying John Key to India has broken down. Source: Breakfast The Boeing that broke down has been slated for replacement, but Mr Mark says the Defence Force shouldn't have to foot the bill. "If the Prime Minister wants 'PM 1' then his own department should fund the $140 million it will cost for something like an Airbus A320 instead of the New Zealand Defence Force," he said. "Alternatively, we have an award-winning state airline that can do that job by charter or by buying a seat like the rest of us." Mr Mark said the plane flew just 571 flight hours between January 2013 and September 2015, a fifth of what a commercial plane would do. Prime Minister's India trip halted over NZDF plane hitch 04:44 John Key will spend the night in Townsville while a new plane is flown out to meet him and his delegation. Source: 1 NEWS "It sounds counter-intuitive, but aircraft are much easier to maintain if they're kept flying than sitting on the tarmac," he said, highlighting his concerns about commercial jets flying too few hours in military service. It's not the first time in recent months the PM has had plane trouble. One of the 757s was grounded for several hours in Laos last month after Mr Key attended the East Asia Summit. The plane was flown to Guam for repairs while Mr Key attended the Pacific Islands Forum before returning to New Zealand. Related Air Travel Australia no more content back to top loading error refresh LATEST POPULAR FEATURED news 00:28 1 Earthquake LIVE: Tourists thankful for Kaikoura's hospitality as choppers airlift them out of quake-ravaged town 00:54 2 Watch: 'Shame!' - 1 NEWS reporter caught up in violent scuffle outside defence conference 3 State Highway 2 closed, armed police out in Lower Hutt 00:31 4 Mayor resigns over racist Facebook post directed at Michelle Obama 00:26 5 Classic Kiwi phrase 'buggar' scrawled on rock near cracked, mangled road sums up Kaikoura quake 01:00 Main road north of Kaikoura in 'an incredibly bad way', blocked for several months Transport Minister Simon Bridges says the old State Highway 70 should be cleared within the next several days. 00:42 'We went from having a flat farm, to having a rolling farm' - Canterbury farmer post-quake Dairy farmer Shaun Lissington says he has had "unreal offers of support". 00:28 Opinion: Sorry Ireland, the party's over, All Blacks to run riot Graciously losing is one thing but the All Blacks response to a loss or poor performance is almost science. 01:13 'The tears aren't far from the surface' - Kaikoura endures sleepless night 1 NEWS reporter Lisa Davies says hundreds of aftershocks and rain rattled quake-hit town.   Top Copyright © TVNZ   Join the conversation and follow 1 NEWS on Facebook   Rolling stories and updates from the 1 NEWS team   Download the 1 NEWS app for iPhone, iPad and Android   Send us your footage or share your story with us Shows & Channels TVNZ 1 TVNZ 2 TVNZ OnDemand DUKE Kidzone Shortland Street Home and Away Kiwi Living 1 NEWS NOW TVNZ OnDemand Content Highlights Apps TVNZ OnDemand App for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch TVNZ OnDemand App for selected Samsung mobile and tablet devices TVNZ OnDemand App for Windows 10 devices 1 News Now on your mobile device TVNZ Info About TVNZ TVNZ Advertising Blacksand Media Releases Careers TVNZ Licensing Access Services Shop.TVNZ Help & More Contact TVNZ Contact TVNZ OnDemand TVNZ FAQ TVNZ OnDemand Help House Rules Competition Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy The Green Room
null
Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Yankee Analysts Home Earnings Finance Global Markets About Us Privacy Policy Boeing Co (NYSE:BA): a Look into Earnings & What Analysts are Expecting By William Abels - October 24, 2016 SHARE Facebook Twitter For the most recent quarter, 7 analysts weighing in on Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) had predicted that the company would report earnings per share of $-0.88 for the period ending on 2016-06-30.  On 2016-07-27, the firm reported actual earnings of $-0.44 for fiscal Q2 representing an EPS surprise amount in per share dollar terms of $0.44.  Just prior to the release, analyst’s estimates had a standard deviation of 0.1.  Looking ahead to the next fiscal quarter, Wall Street analysts are expecting earnings per share of 2.62 for the period closing on 2016-09-30. This is the Zacks Consensus estimate calculated as the arithmetic average of all the individual analyst EPS estimates according to their own proprietary methodology (BNRI Accounting).  Investors are expecting that Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) will issue their earnings release on or around 2016-10-26. In comparing the results to the same quarter a year ago, the firm posted earnings of $2.52 for the period which endend on 2015-09-30. Analyst Sentiment Leading up to the next earnings announcements investors should pay close attention to the analysts sentiment on the stock and which direction they are revising their estimates.  Over the past 6 months 2 sell-side analysts have lowered their long term earnings per share estimates on the stock.  During that same period 3 analysts have increased their earnings expectations for the firm.  So what does this mean?  Typically if a large percentage of analysts lower their revisions, the company is more likely to disappoint the Street.  If a large number of brokerage firms increase estimates prior to earnings, the company is more likely to impress with their numbers. Looking ahead to long term projections, Zacks has calculated a long term mean estimate of 12.2.  This is the best estimate for both revenue and earnings over the next three to five years.  Three months ago this number stood at 12.56. Analyst Price Targets Now turning to where analysts believe Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) shares are headed.  According to the 11 analysts covering the shares, the consensus price target stands at $151.727.  The standard deviation of all estimates is $22.365.  The most aggressive analyst on the name has a price target of $183.  The analyst with the most bearish outlook on the stock has a target price of $103.  The latest analyst revision was recorded on 2016-10-20. Each of the 11 covering analysts have also provided a Buy, Sell or Hold recommendation on the stock.  As of 2016-10-23, 8 have a Strong Buy rating on the stock, 1 have a Buy rating, 5 have a Hold rating and 1 have a Sell or Strong Sell.  Taking a look back three months ago to compare sentiment, at that time 8 had a Strong Buy, 1 had a Buy, 5 had a Hold and 1 had a sell rating.  Zacks breaks all of the recommendations down into a integer based number in order to get an average recommendation rating on the stock.  The scale is on a 1 to 5 basis where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.  Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) has a mean recommendation of 2.09.  In looking at the historical ratings numbers we can see that the stock had a mean rating of 2.11 one month ago, 2.11 two months ago and 2.09 three months ago.    William Abels LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Latest Netflix Up More Than 3% October 5, 2016 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers Closes Fast-Casual Prototypes as Part of “Strategic... October 5, 2016 Oil Prices Surge on Fifth Straight Week of Falling Inventories October 5, 2016 Deutsche Bank Needs to Show Business Model Is Viable in Low... October 5, 2016 Tenax Therapeutics Slumps 8% October 5, 2016 © All Rights Reserved YankeeAnalysts.com Get Free Penny Stock Picks in Your Inbox!
null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple Published 26/10/2016 0 Comments Share Modest losses on Wall Street despite bad trading for health care firms and Apple BelfastTelegraph.co.uk US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/modest-losses-on-wall-street-despite-bad-trading-for-health-care-firms-and-apple-35165500.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35165499.ece/e32a2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-1bd0dced-ac83-4bcd-9dac-64810f2a12ee_I1.jpg Email Stocks suffered a modest fall US stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks have not made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2%, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Mr Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank 2.66 dollars, or 2.2%, to 115.59 dollars after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That cancelled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10% after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid 19.43 dollars, or 17.1% to 94.25 dollars. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank 11.95 dollars, or 8.6%, to 126.46 dollars after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell 1.08 dollars, or 1.7%, to 60.87 dollars. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5%, to 10.70 dollars and insurer Chubb rose 4.55 dollars, or 3.7%, to 127 dollars. Boeing climbed 6.52 dollars, or 4.7%, to 145.54 dollars after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping centres around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell 8.89 dollars, or 4.5%, to 188.38 dollars. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79% from 1.76%. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up 1.56 dollars, or 3.6%, to 44.32 dollars. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost 3.55 dollars, or 8.5%, to 38.40 dollars, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. US crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6%, to 49.18 dollars a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6%, to 49.98 dollars a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost 37.65 dollars, or 9.3%, to 368.02 dollars, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. Mylan lost 70 cents, or 1.6%, to 38.08 dollars. The stock is down 22% since mid-August as the company has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of the EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol slid two cents to 1.48 dollars a gallon. Heating oil lost one cent to 1.55 dollars a gallon. Natural gas fell four cents to 2.73 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell 7 dollars to 1,266.60 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to 17.63 dollars an ounce. Copper was little changed at 2.15 dollars a pound. The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to 1.0906 from 1.0892 dollars. The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8% while Germany's Dax lost 0.4% and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1%. Japan's Nikkei 225 edged 0.2% higher, but Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 1% and South Korea's Kospi lost 1.1%. AP Press Association Read More Engineers enjoy 2% pay rise, new report shows  Engineers have had a 2% pay rise this year, while graduates in the industry have enjoyed average increases of 4%, a report shows. Film and TV service launched for National Express coach passengers  Coach passengers will be able to watch a range of films and TV programmes on their own electronic devices using a new app. Aircraft firm to set up £8.5m centre of excellence at Glasgow Prestwick Airport  An aircraft maintenance firm is bringing £8.5 million in investment to Glasgow Prestwick Airport . Energy experts urge funding for more efficient homes and renewables subsidies  The Chancellor should announce funding for making homes more energy-efficient and new renewable power subsidies in the upcoming autumn statement, experts have urged. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Junction One reveals £30m revamp creating 500 new jobs  Business News House prices in Belfast fall by 0.9% in just three months  Business News Aer Lingus announces three new direct destinations from Dublin  Business News Belfast-born Cereal Killer twins open third cafe  Business News JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News Watch: Liam Neeson narrates video for Ireland's 2023 Rugby World Cup bid...  Video News Video: Celtic superfan Jay Beatty meets Rod Stewart at Belfast concert  Video News Solar-powered houseboat washes up on beach  Republic of Ireland Surgeon Sellu jailed for negligence after death of Northern Ireland man James...  Northern Ireland Croatian football legend Davor Suker visits George Best grave  Northern Ireland Ireland's 2023 Rugby World Cup bid: Ravenhill, Casement and Celtic Park, Derry among 12 stadia included in bid to host tournament I feared my job was on the line, but now we're flying: Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill Niall Quinn urging Linfield to prove they have the quality to overhaul Crues 'Without Alex Higgins snooker would never have progressed the way that it did...he really deserves a landmark built in his memory' Penthouse and Adult Friend Finder hack leaves over 412 million accounts exposed Canadian houseboat washes up on beach Sky-gazers enjoy supermoon [Photos] Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Concern over children taking part in Belfast Republican parade in paramilitary regalia  World Berlin to trial legal marijuana scheme  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sunday Life Belfast restaurant boss illegally docked chef’s pay  Sunday Life Child rapist was allowed to live beside six Belfast schools  Northern Ireland 'Help me' - House blaze schoolgirl Ellen Finnegan's voicemail plea to friend  Sunday Life Loyalist killer sold fuel for republicans  Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close mixed amid economic data and earnings CNBC 10/26/2016 Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Something wrong with market? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data.  The Dow rose 30 points after dropping 106 points at session lows, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 41 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 17 points off the index. Quotes in the article The Carlyle Group LP CG ▲ 16.20 +0.45 +2.86% AllianceBernstein Holding LP AB ▼ 23.30 -0.55 -2.31% Biogen Inc BIIB ▲ 322.58 +1.09 +0.34% Coca-Cola Co KO ▲ 41.44 +0.27 +0.66% The S&P 500 momentarily eked above break-even before closing 0.17 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.3 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.63 percent as Apple shed more than 2 percent. US crude settled down 1.6% at $49.18 after the Energy Information Administration reported a drawdown of nearly 600,000 barrels. Oil prices had also fallen earlier on the back of bearish supply data from the American Petroleum Institute. Apple posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit Tuesday after the close, but fell just shy of expectations on sales. The company's cash hoard also hit a record of $238 billion. "It looked like a good quarter, but obviously there were some things that investors didn't like, particularly the fall in its China business," said Trip Miller, managing partner at Gullane Capital Partners. He also said, as an investor in the company, he'd like to see Apple diversify its revenue stream. "I just wonder how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. He also said he'd like to see the company diversify its revenue streamline " I just don't know how long [the iPhone] can be the 'it' phone." Meanwhile, Boeing and Coca-Cola, two other Dow components, posted results Wednesday that beat estimates on both the top and bottom line. Other firms that reported Wednesday include Six Flags, Mondelez and Biogen. "Things have softened up a bit, but I think it will continue to be a net positive quarter for earnings" relative to expectations, said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, said it's important for earnings to improve so the S&P 500's high valuations can be justified. "The earnings continue to be a little more solid than we expected. The problem is they're not showing solid growth," he said. According to FactSet, S&P's price-to-earnings ratio was 19.65 entering Wednesday's session. Stocks have held in a very tight range recently, with the S&P having gone 24 straight sessions without posting a 1 percent move on a closing basis. The index has also moved just 1.2 percent over the past three months. In economic news, the October services PMI index jumped to 54.8 from 52.3, while new home sales rose 3.1 percent in September. Mortgage applications fell 4.1 percent last week, despite lower mortgage rates. Economic data have been in focus for investors as the Federal Reserve is scheduled to meet next week. While the central bank is not expected to make any changes to its monetary policy during that meeting, it is largely expected to raise interest rates in December. U.S. Treasurys fell on Wednesday, with the two-year note yield near 0.87 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield around 1.78 percent. "We can continue to analyze earnings and the economic fundamentals every which way to try to figure out where stocks go but let's be honest, it's all about where rates go in the monetary world we live in," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note. The U.S. dollar fell against a basket of currencies a day after hitting its highest level since February, with the euro near $1.094 and the yen around 104.09. Overseas, European equities were dragged lower by falling oil prices, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index dropping 0.81 percent. In Asia-Pacific, stocks were lead lower by Australian shares, as the ASX 200 fell 1.53 percent. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) E-Mini S&P 500: Boeing flies and Apple falls! Wednesday, October 26, 2016 by DeWayne Reeves of CFRN Boeing Co. (BA) was up 4.69 % to $145.54 as earnings rose to $2.3 billion or $3.60 a share boosting the outlook for the defense contractor.Apple Inc. (AAPL), on the other hand was down 2.25 % to $115.59 even though revenue was $46.9 billion and earnings per share was $1.67. The VIX CBOE Volatility Index was up 5.79 % to 14.24 today. Some investors may use the VIX as a tool to hedge the indexes or a stock portfolio. The VIX is the Chicago Board of Options Exchange Volatility Index which usually trades inversely to the stock indices. So far for the Q3:2016, 113 companies of the Standard & Poor’s 500 have reported earnings, 86 have exceeding earnings expectations, 19 missed expectations, 8 met expectations while 70 have exceeded sales expectations as of October 20th. New Home Sales for September were 593,000 while the previous reading was 609,000. FHFA House Price Index for August was 0.7 % while the previous reading was 0.5 %. Housing sales increased 3.2 % in September from the previous month but the inventory is down nearly 7.0 % from last year at this time. The National Association of Realtors expressed that 2.04 million homes were for sale in September. Demand is still high but inventories are light. The E-Mini S&P 500 seems listless with a lack of a catalyst! The election has traders jittery with all the mudslinging and projections of what may or not be. The Fed continues to remain vague in their dovish and hawkish speeches on potential Fed policies. The OPEC and Non-OPEC nations leave us wondering if a freeze is possible to uphold. European Central Bank President Draghi left monetary policy unchanged but left the door open for changes possibly in December. US Data remains mixed with fairly strong jobs yet weak exports. Earnings is fairly positive but mixed still. All of this translates to a possible sideways moving market. Experience tells us not to look away as anything can happen very quickly to heat up the markets. Valuations on the equities are questionable with the slow economic recovery. The stronger US Dollar has a negative effect on the economy’s recovery as it inhibits export trade and all aspects of growth. European Central Bank Mario Draghi implied that they would like stop their bond buying program without tapering it first. He left monetary policy unchanged for the moment but left the door open for December. December 8th is their next policy meeting. Investors may have had expectations of more from the ECB President. Existing Home Sales for September is forecast 5.350 million annualized rate while the previous reading was 5.33 million annualized rate. First time buyers made up 34 % of all the transactions for last month. The Beige Book showed activity between August to early October expanding. Labor conditions remained tight. Wage growth held at modest levels. Altogether it was a modest to moderate pace of expansion. The growth may look as though the potential rate hike is priced in, yet Fed Chair Yellen did say that we could run a “high pressure” economy for a while. It may be a surprise to investors if the Fed delays the Fed hike into 2017. The Consumer Price Index for September was 0.3 % while the previous reading was 0.2 %. Inflation is almost reaching the Fed’s target. Medical Care is one area that buoys the inflation being up 4.9 % with the Prescription Drug area up 7 %. The cost of living increases have risen with a population at almost full employment. One area that needs a boost is international trade or exports. The election has been one of the most brutal that has many investors shaken. The Fed still may raise interest rates in December but sentiment has been shifting toward a potential delay! Fed Chair Yellen spoke last Friday at the Boston Fed conference about perhaps the only way to reverse the damage of the financial crisis of the last number of years was through a “high pressure” economy! The tight labor market and increased business sales may stimulate capital spending thus spurring growth. Concerns over inflation has been a motivator for the Fed to increase interest rates sooner yet now they may be re-evaluating the relationship between labor conditions and inflation. The seventeen policymakers participated in the September meeting with ten of them having voting privileges. The division among them creates so much uncertainty in the marketplace. As we draw to full employment inflation could increase and overshoot the target rate. Traders will be watching for hawkish or dovish clues from the Fed between now and the December Fed meeting December 13th – 14th! Labor, wage growth and consumer spending may give some ideas of how the Fed may introduce the next interest rate hike. Accommodative bodes well for the indexes! It is thought that 93 % of this move up is by the Fed moves. Growth is there, but perhaps the Fed wants to get thru the election. The inflation rate may be close to the Fed target thus adding to the query about when the Fed may raise interest rates. There is also a Fed meeting in November, but most analysts believe that it is too close to the election for the Fed to introduce a rate hike. Fed Chair Yellen has remarked that only 100,000 new jobs created monthly was necessary to balance with the population growth. The last Non-farm Payrolls for September were up 5,000 to 156,000 while the previous reading was 151,000. It will be interesting to see if the Fed can increase their inflation target to 3 or run on full-employment for some time. The EIA Crude Oil Stocks were a draw of -0.55 million barrels at 468.16 million barrels. The Motor Gas Stocks were a draw -1.96 million barrels at 226.01 million barrels. Crude oil traded lower today with API Crude Oil Stocks a build of +4.8 million barrels and API Motor Gas Stocks were a build of + 1.7 million barrels and also on news that the head of Rosneft PJSC spoke of Russia perhaps raising production. Since the OPEC meeting in Algiers September 28th, traders have viewed the energy markets more enthusiastically with hope that the freeze would remain in effect. The next meeting is November 30th in Vienna where the talks should continue. The VIX CBOE Volatility Index was up 5.79 % to 14.24 today. Some investors may use the VIX as a tool to hedge the indexes or a stock portfolio. The VIX is the Chicago Board of Options Exchange Volatility Index which usually trades inversely to the stock indices. So far for the Q3:2016, 113 companies of the Standard & Poor’s 500 have reported earnings, 86 have exceeding earnings expectations, 19 missed expectations, 8 met expectations while 70 have exceeded sales expectations as of October 20th. The MBA Mortgage Applications for the week of October 21st Composite Index was -4.1 % while the previous reading was 0.6 %. The Purchase Index was -7.0 % while the previous reading was 3.0 %. The Refinance Index was -2.0 % while the previous reading was -1.0 %. The International Trade in Goods for September was -$56.1 billion while the previous reading was -$58.4 billion. The Exports % change was 0.9 % while the previous reading was 0.7 %. The Imports % change was -1.1 % while the previous reading was 0.3 %. The PMI Services Flash for October was 54.8 while the previous reading was 51.9. New Home Sales for September were 593,000 while the previous reading was 609,000. Redbook Store Sales for the week of October 22nd was 0.3 % while the previous reading was 1.0 %. FHFA House Price Index for August was 0.7 % while the previous reading was 0.5 %. Consumer Confidence for October was 98.6 while the previous reading was 104.1. The Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index for October was -4 while the previous reading was -8. The State Street Investor Confidence Index for October was 99.1 while the previous reading was 95.5. The Chicago Fed National Activity Index for September was -0.14 while the previous reading was -0.55. The PMI Manufacturing Index Flash for October was 53.2 while the previous reading was 51.4. The Non-farm Payrolls were up 5,000 to 156,000 while the previous reading was 151,000. The Unemployment Rate was 5.0 % while the previous reading was 4.9 %. About 444,000 job seekers entered the work force. The Private Payrolls was 167,000 while the previous reading was 126,000. The Average Hourly Earnings was 0.2 % or $25.79 per hour while the previous reading was 0.1 %. The Average Workweek was 34.4 hours while the previous reading was 34.3. The Participation Rate was 62.9 % while the previous reading was 62.8 %. Manufacturing was down 13,000 on this report. Government payrolls were down 11,000. Construction was up 23,000. Professional and business services were up 67,000. Temporary staffing was up 23,000. Leisure and hospitality increased by 15,000. The Underemployment rate includes part-timers wishing to be full time and all the workers that just seemed to give up looking held at 9.7 %. The Real GDP for Q2f:2016 was 1.4 % while the previous reading was 1.1 %. The GDP Price Index was 2.3 % while the previous reading was 2.3 %. •Thursday, we look forward to the Initial Jobless Claims for the week of October 22nd forecast at 255,000 while the previous reading was 260,000. Durable Goods New Orders for September is forecast 0.2 % while the previous reading was 0.0 %. The Durable Goods excluding transportation is forecast 0.1 % while the previous reading was -0.4 %. Pending Home Sales Index for September is forecast 1.0 % while the previous reading was -2.4 %. •Friday, we look forward to the Real GDP for Q3a:2016 forecast at 2.5 % while the previous reading was 1.4 %. The GDP Price Index is forecast at 1.5 % while the previous reading was 2.3 %. The Employment Cost Index for Q3:16 is forecast 0.6 % while the previous reading was 0.6 %. Consumer Sentiment for October is forecast at 88.5 while the previous reading was 87.9. Thursday, what to expect? We maintain a now bearish bias unless the (December) E-Mini S&P 500 penetrates $2162.00. Thursday, we anticipate an inside to lower day! Today's range was $2140.00 - $2124.75. The close was $2134.00 Our comfort zone or point of control for this market (December) appears to be $2133.25. Our potential range for Thursday’s trading could be $2138.50 - $2107.50. E-Mini S&P 500 Chart (Provided by QST 10/26/2016 6:17 PM) https://plus.google.com/communities/114456349514681998750 Reserve A Seat In The Next Orientation Class As part of the trial you will receive: The CFRN Weekly Trading Zones 5 Days In The Live Trading Room 5 Days Use Of Our Platform And Proprietary Indicators 5 Days Of Our Concierge Trade Alert Service Unlimited Private Mentoring We will spend 30-60 minutes your first day in Orientation to make sure you understand how to trade the Alerts and to allow me to answer any questions you have.When you sign up for the Trial I will reserve you a spot in the next class. http://apply.cfrn.net/ Trading's not easy, but it can be simple! Want to speak with an Emini Expert? Book Your Personal Mentoring Session Today! Just Click Here Choose a day and time convenient to you... Our Weekly Trading Zones and Chart Room Access are emailed to members prior to the open every Monday. Join us M-F from 9am-1pm Eastern for Live Charts, Live Trading, and Lively Discussion. Please note that timing is everything and while we may divulge a brief overview of what may affect tomorrow's market, trade set-ups are strategically planned according to time and price action. In this marketplace, a trader needs to arm themselves with the weaponry to deploy into a complicated marketplace. The CFRN Live trading room is your boot camp for your commodity future. Please note that CFRN articles may be co-written or uploaded by the editorial staff or contributing members. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The risk of loss in trading futures contracts or commodity options can be substantial, and therefore investors should understand the risks involved in taking leveraged positions and must assume responsibility for the risks associated with such investments and for their results. Recent articles from this author E-Mini S&P 500: Spending….sustainable growth or unsustainable debt? - Tuesday, November 15, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: What a difference a President does make! - Monday, November 14, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: “Trump!” - Friday, November 11, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: Trump creates drop and then pop in stock indexes - Wednesday, November 09, 2016 E-Mini S&P 500: Election anticipation builds! - Tuesday, November 08, 2016 About the author DeWayne Reeves is the founder of CFRN and host of a popular radio program heard daily in over 20 countries. A former equities trader, he has focused primarily on the S&P 500 Emini Futures Market for the past 5 years. His insights and trading methodology are a blend of traditional technical analysis and the strategic use of proprietary indicators. He is the founding director of New Hope Orphanage and Primary School in Kampala Uganda East Africa which is home to over 800 orphans. Mr Reeves currently resides with his wife in Phoenix Az. where he actively trades his personal account. Tune in M-F from 11am-1pm Eastern for market analysis, technical tips and lively discussion. CFRN / www.cfrn.net Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2016 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Nike Lead DJIA Higher Wednesday By Paul Ausick October 26, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet October 26, 2016: Markets opened lower Wednesday after Apple reported disappointing earnings Tuesday night and both Coca-Cola and Boeing posted undistinguished results this morning. After the bell, we’ll hear from a gaggle of gold miners and that darling of momentum stocks, Tesla Motors. The real-estate sector is Wednesday’s big loser while financials and utilities have posted the best gains. WTI crude oil for December delivery settled at $49.18 a barrel, down 1.6% following a bullish inventory report. December gold dropped 0.6% on the day to settle at $1,266.60. Equities were headed for a mixed close before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.25% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.12%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.56%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Wednesday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 5.01% at $145.99. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $150.59. Trading volume was nearly 4 times the daily average of around 3.1 million. The aerospace giant beat estimates this morning and raised its per share guidance for the year. Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) traded up 1.98% at $52.06. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.71 to $68.19. Volume was more than 10% above the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 0.97% at $177.25. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $199.90. Volume of about 1.9 million was about 30% below the daily average of around 2.5 million shares. The investment bank had now specific news. The Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) traded up 0.77% at $93.46. The stock’s 52-week range is $86.25 to $120.65. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 7.5 million shares. Just guessing here, but AT&T’s big bet on a content provider may have encouraged investors to re-evaluate Disney’s position. Of the 30 Dow index stocks 16 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 14 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What to Look For in Bristol-Myers Earnings Chipotle, Under Armour Slip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Nike (NYSE:NKE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search GoPro's Future Depends on These New Products How to Trade Options How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Temp: 63° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions Thanksgiving COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Rescued eagle dies | Dr. Phillips lockdowns | Mom charged in infant's death WEATHER: Check out the Weather Experts' latest forecast | StormTracker 13 live radar Business Highlights By The Associated Press, Last Updated: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 --  (AP) ___ Some buyers call classes by 'Flip or Flop' stars misleading NEW YORK HGTV "Flip or Flop" stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa are capitalizing on their fame by offering pricy classes that promise to teach people how to flip homes for profit. But some participants said a class time was largely spent pushing them to buy more classes. The classes are run by Zurixx LLC, an education company based in Utah. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has received 50 complaints about classes connected to Zurixx since 2013. And at least one local Better Business Bureau office has warned people about its events, citing the more than 150 complaints it has received. ___ US stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses NEW YORK U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. ___ Report: Women won't earn as much as men for 170 years GENEVA The global gap in earnings between men and women will not be closed for another 170 years if current trends continue, according to a new report from the World Economic Forum. The Switzerland-based forum's annual Global Gender Gap Report, released Tuesday, lists economics and health as the most challenging disparities between men and women worldwide. Of the economic divide, the report says that "at the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years." ___ Sales of new homes rose 3.1 percent in September WASHINGTON More Americans bought new homes in September, a sign that demand remains solid despite a shortage of properties on the market. New-home sales advanced 3.1 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. The gains were concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and South, as sales tumbled last month in the West. So far this year, sales have increased 13 percent compared to the same period in 2015. ___ Coke profit falls 28 percent, but global volume up 1 percent ATLANTA Coca-Cola's profit fell 28 percent in the third quarter, but the beverage giant also said Wednesday that its global volume rose. The company said global volume rose 1 percent in the quarter, with gains in North America, Asia and Europe and other markets. In the quarter before, the company said global volume was flat. In North America, volume rose 2 percent, thanks to its water and sports drink brands, which include Dasani and Powerade. The company also reported growth of its Sprite, Fanta and energy drink brands in North America, offsetting a decline in Diet Coke. ___ Southwest 3Q profit falls 34 percent on higher costs DALLAS Southwest Airlines Co. says third-quarter profit fell 34 percent on falling fares and higher costs, and the company gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. The shares slid Wednesday, leading other airline stocks lower too. Southwest said that overall pricing remains "soft," and it forecast that a key measure of revenue per mile will fall by between 4 percent and 5 percent in the fourth quarter more sharply than it fell in the third quarter. ___ Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DALLAS Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. ___ Tesla surprises with 3Q profit DETROIT Electric car maker Tesla Motors has posted its first quarterly profit in three years. Tesla reported net income of $22 million, or 14 cents per share, in the third quarter, up from a loss of $229 million in the July-September period a year ago. Revenue more than doubled to $2.3 billion. Tesla last made a profit in the first quarter of 2013. The results surprised Wall Street, which forecast a loss of 86 cents per share, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Analysts had expected revenue of $2.2 billion. ___ Despite ratings drop, Olympics boosts Comcast in 3Q NEW YORK Comcast's profit rose 12 percent in its most recent quarter thanks to the Olympics and gains in video subscribers. The cable giant has been winning back video subscribers despite an overall drop in the number of people who pay for traditional TV. There has also been a trend toward smaller audiences, even for big sporting events like NFL football and the Olympics. ___ Toyota adds 5.8M vehicles to global Takata recall total DETROIT Toyota is recalling about 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, China and other countries to replace potentially deadly Takata air bag inflators. The company says it knows of one person injured in a crash involving one of the vehicles but it hasn't determined if the injury was caused by a ruptured inflator. The vehicles have inflators that can rupture and spew shrapnel. U.S. vehicles with the same inflators are already under recall. Toyota says the recall brings to 23.1 million the total number of vehicles it has recalled worldwide to fix inflators. ___ Ford recalls nearly 412K SUVs to fix fuel leaks DETROIT Ford is recalling nearly 412,000 older SUVs worldwide to fix fuel leaks that could cause fires. The recall covers certain 2010 to 2012 Ford Escapes and 2010 to 2011 Mercury Mariners with 3-liter flex-fuel V6 engines. Ford says a fuel supply part can develop a crack and leak gasoline that could catch fire. A company statement says it's not aware of any accidents, fires or injuries caused by the problem. Most of the recalled SUVs are in North America. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite fell 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2016 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
null
Account Jobs Shop Events Awards Webinars Advertise Search this site: Advanced Search Rotor & Wing Get Rotor & Wing Updates! The Business Resource of Rotorcraft Management Join us on: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn View Cart DecisionBriefs Personal/Corporate All Personal/Corporate Stories Executive Transport Personal A/C Commercial All Commercial Stories EMS Offshore Tourism Observation/Patrol ENG Logging/Heavylift Utility/Other Charter Management/Air Taxi Technology Operator Profile Military All Military Stories Attack Utility Scout/Observation Medical Heavylift C-SAR Special Ops VIP/Head of State Department of Defense Unmanned Procurement/Acquisitions Unit Profile Public Service All Public Service Stories Police Fire Medical Disaster Relief Humanitarian SAR FAA NTSB EASA Other Government Agencies Training All Training Stories Ratings Turbine Degree Programs Specialty Maintenance Simulators Military SMS Standards/Regulations Training News Products All Products Stories Engines Airframes Avionics/Instruments Components & Accessories Mission Equipment Tools & Equipment Replacement Parts Rotor Blades Interiors Night Vision Operators' Choice Readers' Choice Services All Services Stories Overhaul & Repair Maintenance Finance & Insurance Certification Flight Testing Data Monitoring Modifications Completions Operators Dealers, Distributors & Brokers Other Subscribe Digital Edition Change Address   -T / T / +T | Comment(s) Wednesday, October 26, 2016 Cobham to Develop V-22 Refueling Kit Amy Kluber The Bell Boeing Joint Project Office has awarded Cobham a contract to develop an aerial refueling system for the U.S. Marine Corp's MV-22B Osprey to refuel other aircraft in flight. The V-22 Aerial Refueling System will use Cobham's existing FR300 Hose Drum Unit with modifications. With the system, Ospreys will be able to refuel F-35B Lighting II and F/A-18 Hornet aircraft, according to a Cobham news release. "This program will enable the Marines to extend the flying range of their fighter aircraft and allow for efficient shipboard operations," said Cobham Mission Systems VP and General Manager Kevin McKeown. Deliveries of the kit are expected to begin by 2018. Photo courtesy of CC BY-SA 4.0 Related News Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertise with us Rotorcraft Jobs Search Jobs: Browse all jobs Post jobs Post Resume View Resumes Most Read Most Commented 2008 Buyer’s Guide Directory Listings: Directory Sikorsky Seeks Innovative Kids Webinar Focuses on Rotorcraft Boom, Near-Term Prospects Helitech Speaker: Certification Inconsistency Slows Helicopter OEMs Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators GoPro Unveils Camera Drone In Bid to Save Stock Prices EASA Revision of SPI Regulation Continues Global Eagle, Shareco to Form New Joint Venture Avionics Magazine :: RVSM Avionics: Down to the Wire Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators Do you receive The Rotorcraft Collective? This biweekly e-letter features an in-depth stories, top news, and our career center highlights. Sign up now and stay up-to-date about all the happenings in the rotorcraft world. Sign-up now for The Rotorcraft Collective, it's free!     Topics Personal/Corporate Commercial Military Public Service Training Products Services Resources Job Center Webinars Store Press Releases Rotor & Wing-Branded Products Military Insider Eletter The Collective Heli-Expo Show Day Heli-Tech Show Day Company Profiles Executive Outlook & Annual Reports More Info Advertise Contact Subscribe/Renew Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reuse/Reprints Site Map Privacy Policy © 2016, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved. Learn more about licensing or reproducing content on this site. Search:    Advanced Search Email Print Follow Join us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Live chat by BoldChat
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 26, 2016 The Associated Press   0 ___ Some buyers call classes by ‘Flip or Flop’ stars misleading NEW YORK (AP) — HGTV “Flip or Flop” stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa are capitalizing on their fame by offering pricy classes that promise to teach people how to flip homes for profit. But some participants said a class time was largely spent pushing them to buy more classes. The classes are run by Zurixx LLC, an education company based in Utah. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has received 50 complaints about classes connected to Zurixx since 2013. And at least one local Better Business Bureau office has warned people about its events, citing the more than 150 complaints it has received. ___ US stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple’s latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. ___ Report: Women won’t earn as much as men for 170 years GENEVA (AP) — The global gap in earnings between men and women will not be closed for another 170 years if current trends continue, according to a new report from the World Economic Forum. The Switzerland-based forum’s annual Global Gender Gap Report, released Tuesday, lists economics and health as the most challenging disparities between men and women worldwide. Of the economic divide, the report says that “at the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years.” ___ Sales of new homes rose 3.1 per cent in September WASHINGTON (AP) — More Americans bought new homes in September, a sign that demand remains solid despite a shortage of properties on the market. New-home sales advanced 3.1 per cent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. The gains were concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and South, as sales tumbled last month in the West. So far this year, sales have increased 13 per cent compared to the same period in 2015. ___ Coke profit falls 28 per cent, but global volume up 1 per cent ATLANTA (AP) — Coca-Cola’s profit fell 28 per cent in the third quarter, but the beverage giant also said Wednesday that its global volume rose. The company said global volume rose 1 per cent in the quarter, with gains in North America, Asia and Europe and other markets. In the quarter before, the company said global volume was flat. In North America, volume rose 2 per cent, thanks to its water and sports drink brands, which include Dasani and Powerade. The company also reported growth of its Sprite, Fanta and energy drink brands in North America, offsetting a decline in Diet Coke. ___ Southwest 3Q profit falls 34 per cent on higher costs DALLAS (AP) — Southwest Airlines Co. says third-quarter profit fell 34 per cent on falling fares and higher costs, and the company gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. The shares slid Wednesday, leading other airline stocks lower too. Southwest said that overall pricing remains “soft,” and it forecast that a key measure of revenue per mile will fall by between 4 per cent and 5 per cent in the fourth quarter — more sharply than it fell in the third quarter. ___ Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DALLAS (AP) — Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 per cent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. ___ Tesla surprises with 3Q profit DETROIT (AP) — Electric car maker Tesla Motors has posted its first quarterly profit in three years. Tesla reported net income of $22 million, or 14 cents per share, in the third quarter, up from a loss of $229 million in the July-September period a year ago. Revenue more than doubled to $2.3 billion. Tesla last made a profit in the first quarter of 2013. The results surprised Wall Street, which forecast a loss of 86 cents per share, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Analysts had expected revenue of $2.2 billion. ___ Despite ratings drop, Olympics boosts Comcast in 3Q NEW YORK (AP) — Comcast’s profit rose 12 per cent in its most recent quarter thanks to the Olympics and gains in video subscribers. The cable giant has been winning back video subscribers despite an overall drop in the number of people who pay for traditional TV. There has also been a trend toward smaller audiences, even for big sporting events like NFL football and the Olympics. ___ Toyota adds 5.8M vehicles to global Takata recall total DETROIT (AP) — Toyota is recalling about 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, China and other countries to replace potentially deadly Takata air bag inflators. The company says it knows of one person injured in a crash involving one of the vehicles but it hasn’t determined if the injury was caused by a ruptured inflator. The vehicles have inflators that can rupture and spew shrapnel. U.S. vehicles with the same inflators are already under recall. Toyota says the recall brings to 23.1 million the total number of vehicles it has recalled worldwide to fix inflators. ___ Ford recalls nearly 412K SUVs to fix fuel leaks DETROIT (AP) — Ford is recalling nearly 412,000 older SUVs worldwide to fix fuel leaks that could cause fires. The recall covers certain 2010 to 2012 Ford Escapes and 2010 to 2011 Mercury Mariners with 3-litre flex-fuel V6 engines. Ford says a fuel supply part can develop a crack and leak gasoline that could catch fire. A company statement says it’s not aware of any accidents, fires or injuries caused by the problem. Most of the recalled SUVs are in North America. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,199.33. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3.73 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite fell 33.13 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,250.27. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 per cent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 11:34 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 26 mins Apple, oil weigh on global equitiesAFP – Wed, Oct 26, 2016 10:15 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Hong Kong stocks jumped 1.2% in the afternoon on November 1, 2016, having retreated almost 3% in a five-day sell-off Sinking oil and falling Apple caused most world stock markets to retreat Wednesday, although strong Boeing results supported the Dow. In New York, the Nasdaq took a beating and the S&P was down as well, following declines for the bulk of Asia's stock markets and Europe's top indices. Apple -- the world's biggest company by market capitalization -- dropped 2.3 percent in US trading after fourth-quarter earnings tumbled 19 percent on lower iPhone sales. Amazon, Expedia and Google parent Alphabet all fell 1 percent or more ahead of their earnings releases Thursday. On the positive side, Boeing jumped 4.7 percent after the aerospace giant reported higher third quarter earnings and boosted its projection for 2016 commercial plane deliveries. Oil prices fell again Wednesday, despite a bigger-than-expected decline in US crude stocks. "The big thing today is oil and maybe some disappointment over Apple," Bill Lynch of Hinsdale Associates told AFP. "The prices of oil have been going down (and) it seems stocks were following oil, which has been the case lately." The US oil stocks report came days after key OPEC member Iraq said it should be exempted from the final production quota deal the cartel is negotiating as it was fighting a war against the Islamic State group. The market also reacted to fears that Russia might not take part in the planned deal to cap or cut crude production. "They say talk is cheap and OPEC appears to be approaching the limits of its ability to jawbone oil higher without something concrete to put on the table," Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said in a note. Crude prices had been in the ascendancy since last month when the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and later Moscow, agreed to limit output in a bid to support prices. - Key figures around 2100 GMT - New York - Dow: UP 0.2 percent to 18,199.33 (close) New York - S&P: DOWN 0.2 percent to 2,139.43 (close) New York - NASDAQ: DOWN 0.6 percent to 5,250.27 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.9 percent at 6,958.09 points (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.4 percent at 10,709.68 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.1 percent at 4,534.59 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.2 percent at 3,080.98 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 0.2 percent at 17,391.84 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.0 percent at 23,325.43 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 0.5 percent at 3,116.31 (close) Euro/dollar: UP to $1.0907 from $1.0887 Tuesday Dollar/yen: UP to 104.51 yen from 104.22 yen Pound/dollar: UP to $1.2242 from $1.2186 Euro/pound: DOWN to 89.09 pence from 89.34 pence Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 78 cents at $49.18 a barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 81 cents at $49.98 @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Malcolm Turnbull says Australia is getting off to a good start with US president-elect Donald Trump's team. Labor … Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big WAAP Man shot dead at Oklahoma City airportAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7542 -0.001 -0.14% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6053 -0.0012 -0.20% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7026 -0.0014 -0.20% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 58 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 58 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Oct 26 2016 03:12PM    •    Last Updated Oct 26 2016 03:12 pm FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks continue to slide early Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. Technology companies are taking some of the biggest losses as investors weren’t impressed with Apple’s latest results. Energy companies are falling with the price of oil. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. Stocks haven't made many big moves the last two weeks. "Trading volume has really dropped off," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November's election. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average added 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. In early trading it fell more than 100 points. The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite shed 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. While individual companies might rise or fall based on their earnings, Wren said investors don't care that much if overall corporate profits rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. "All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement," he said. Apple sank $2.66, or 2.2 percent, to $115.59 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from the iPhone and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $19.43, or 17.1 percent, to $94.25. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $11.95, or 8.6 percent, to $126.46 after a disappointing report. Drugmaker Merck gave up most of its gains from the previous day and fell $1.08, or 1.7 percent, to $60.87. Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 51 cents, or 5 percent, to $10.70 and insurer Chubb rose $4.55, or 3.7 percent, to $127. Boeing climbed $6.52, or 4.7 percent, to $145.54 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing was responsible for all of the Dow's gain. Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.89, or 4.5 percent, to $188.38. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company's stock picked up $1.56, or 3.6 percent, to $44.32. Southwest Airlines slipped after it gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still "soft." Its stock lost $3.55, or 8.5 percent, to $38.40, and other airlines including American and United also traded lower. The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. Sales for Chipotle Mexican Grill fell for the fourth quarter in a row and came in weaker than analysts expected as the company continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares. The stock lost $37.65, or 9.3 percent, to $368.02, its lowest price in three years. Drugmaker Mylan fell after Kaleo Pharmaceuticals said it will resume selling its emergency allergy shot Auvi-Q next year. That would mean more competition for Mylan's EpiPen. Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, leaving EpiPen without any direct competition. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Audit: Utah athletics can improve financial, hiring and inventory practices Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Rolly: Utah girl shunned by some in Mormon ward. Why? Her parents had a Clinton sign ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple weighs on Wall St; oil, gold prices slip By Reuters Published: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 16:51 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Hilary Russ NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Apple's results weighed on U.S. stock prices on Wednesday after the technology giant posted its first annual revenue decline since 2001, while oil and gold prices slipped. Apple, the world's largest company by market capitalization, fell 2.2 percent after it acknowledged strong demand for its iPhone 7 Plus caught the company off-guard and it was struggling to keep up with demand. The technology giant pulled down the S&P 500 stock index and Nasdaq, but gains in Boeing bouyed the price-weighted Dow Industrials. Boeing shares were trading at their highest level this year, after the world's largest planemaker reported a jump in quarterly profit despite slower sales. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.33, the S&P 500 lost 3.73 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. Disappointing results and forecasts from some other major U.S. companies weighed on European and Asian stocks. Mixed results from Europe's banking sector and declines in mining and energy shares helped push the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 0.38 percent. Gold prices fell as investor appetite for riskier assets recovered slightly, denting demand for safe-haven bullion. Spot gold fell 0.63 percent to $1,265.86 an ounce by 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). Oil prices bounced off session lows for a time after the U.S. government reported a surprise drawdown in crude inventories, but oil ended lower on growing doubts that OPEC would cut production enough to drain a global oversupply. U.S. crude oil futures were at $49.17 a barrel, down 79 cents or 1.58 percent at 4:00 p.m. ET (2000 GMT). They had dipped to $48.87, the lowest since Oct. 4. Brent crude was down 88 cents, or 1.73 percent, at $49.91, their weakest level in nearly a month. The U.S. dollar dipped against a basket of major currencies , reflecting nervousness surrounding Federal Reserve monetary policy and the U.S. election, a day after touching a nearly nine-month high. "We've had a dollar rally, and I think we're in the consolidation phase," said Vassili Serebriakov, FX strategist at Credit Agricole in New York. He noted the Fed's November policy meeting and the Nov. 8 U.S. election as potential risks to the dollar's upside. Sterling recovered from Monday's lows after Bank of England (BoE) governor Mark Carney said in a speech the central bank could not ignore the effect of sterling's slide on inflation. This increased expectations that policymakers would leave rates unchanged next week, rather than cut them as many had expected. Sterling rose 0.43 percent to $1.2238, coming off Monday's trough of $1.2081, which was the lowest level since the Oct. 7 "flash crash". U.S. Treasury debt yields also rose, bolstered by a fresh batch of economic data that enhanced the outlook for third-quarter U.S. gross domestic product data due on Friday. Gains in Treasury yields also spurred rises in other global bond markets. But yields, which move inversely to prices, were capped as the decline in oil kept inflation expectations in check. For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Ethan Lou, Alwyn Scott, Sam Forgione, Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss, Rodrigo Campos, Devika Krishna Kumar and Eric Onsta in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2015 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 1/32 yield 2.217%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.70 -0.24%   Euro ▲ 1.0723 0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In A Radical New Thought: Banks Are Growth Stocks Interest Rates Have Surged, Will You Pay More for Credit Card, Auto Loans? Dow Sets Another Record Even as ‘Reflation Trade’ Slows Ahead of the Tape Donald Trump: The Housing Market’s Latest Threat U.S. Refiners Feel the Squeeze as Crude Oil Discount Disappears Property Report Trouble Brewing in Commercial Real Estate Snapchat Parent Starts IPO Process SEC Approves Consolidated Audit Trail to Detect Market Manipulation SEC Criticizes GE’s ‘Non-GAAP’ Metrics but Hasn’t Taken Further Action Illinois Reduces Reliance on Active Managers Preet Bharara: Supreme Court May Ease Insider-Trading Prosecutions Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wells Fargo Goes Robo With SigFig Speculators Sit on Sugar Pile, Raising Fears of Selloff Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Today's Markets Dow Industrials Rise Despite Drag From Apple Boeing’s gain helps keep the blue-chip index in positive territory, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite drops By Akane Otani and Mike Bird Mike Bird The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Bird @birdyword mike.bird@wsj.com Updated Oct. 26, 2016 7:42 p.m. ET The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose as a gain by Boeing helped offset Apple’s losses. Corporate earnings have driven some of the largest moves in stocks over the past week. More than a third of S&P 500 companies have reported quarterly earnings, according to FactSet, with energy, industrial and technology companies posting the weakest results so far. Apple, which reported its first annual revenue decrease in 15 years,... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Announcing the 2016 class of ‘Women of the Year’ Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants Ochsner to hire 75 percent of its medical assistant program grads Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant New Orleans CityBusiness The Business Newspaper of Metropolitan New Orleans News FEATURES Commission Accomplished Dining Out Q&A Renovation Report Startup CloseUp These Walls Office Space What’s On Your Phone Money Construction and Real Estate Government and Politics Energy Health Care Law Ports and Transportation Retail and Hospitality Technology Guest Perspective Events Leadership in Law Nomination Form Health Care Heroes Nomination Form Money Makers Nomination Form Women of the Year Nomination Form Best Places to Work Nomination Form Reprints Around Town People this Week Calendar Ones to Watch FYI Special Sections Top Construction Projects Health Care Annual Education Guide Real Estate Trends Path to Excellence Book of Lists E-mail Updates Classifieds Directory Advertising Home / News / Money / US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb US stocks slip; real estate falls and banks climb By: The Associated Press October 26, 2016 0 After a brief rally, U.S. stocks are again turning mostly lower Wednesday afternoon as real estate companies skid. Apple is sliding after its latest results failed to impress investors, pulling technology stocks down with it. Health care stocks are falling while banks and industrial companies inch higher. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 46 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,215 as of 3:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,140. The Nasdaq composite shed 31 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,252. WATCHING AND WAITING: Stocks haven’t made many big moves the last two weeks. “Trading volume has really dropped off,” said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said investors are being cautious as they wait for the outcome of November’s election. APPLE CORED: Apple sank $3.05, or 2.6 percent, to $115.20 after it reported another drop in iPhone sales. Apple gets about two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales and some investors are concerned it depends too much on its marquee product. The company expects sales to start growing again in the holiday season after a recent slump. The losses for Apple, by far the biggest company in the S&P 500, along with Alphabet and Intel, sent tech stocks lower. That canceled out big jumps in Akamai Technologies and Juniper Networks, which each surged more than 10 percent after strong results. MALLS MAULED: Simon Property Group, which owns more than 100 shopping malls around the country, slumped after analysts worried about its performance, including lower income from stores that have been open for more than a year. That counteracted solid earnings, and its stock fell $8.51, or 4.3 percent, to $188.76. Office space company Boston Properties lost $2.61, or 2.1 percent, to $122.72 after investors were disappointed by its forecasts. CATCHING A CHILL: Drugmaker Merck gave up its gains from the day before and fell $1.19, or 1.9 percent, to $60.76. Medical device maker Edwards Lifesciences reported disappointing sales of heart devices and forecast another shortfall in the current quarter, and its stock slid $17.99, or 15.8 percent, to $95.70. Medical lab operator Laboratory Corp. of America sank $14.17, or 10.2 percent, to $124.24 following a disappointing report. THE QUOTE: Wren said investors don’t care that much if corporate earnings rise or fall this quarter. Earnings have been falling for more than a year but the drops are getting smaller. “All the market wants in terms of earnings is a continuation of a pattern this year of quarter-to-quarter improvement,” he said. BANKS: Financial firms continued to report strong third-quarter results. Regional bank Huntington Bancshares gained 42 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $10.61 and insurer Chubb rose $4.49, or 3.7 percent, to $126.94. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.79 percent from 1.76 percent. BOEING GETS GOING: Boeing made its biggest jump since the beginning of 2015. The stock jumped $6.80, or 4.9 percent, to $145.82 after the company raised its forecast for earnings, revenue, and plane deliveries. Boeing is responsible for almost all of the Dow’s gains. Other industrial companies like Northrop Grumman and Ingersoll-Rand also climbed. SNACK ATTACK: Mondelez, the maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum, climbed after reporting a bigger profit than analysts expected. The company’s stock picked up $1.74, or 4.1 percent, to $44.50. OIL: The price of oil fell for the third day in a row. U.S. crude fell 78 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $49.18 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. CHIPOTLE GETS GRILLED: Mexican food chain Chipotle continued to struggle in its efforts to win back customers after food safety scares that started last year. Its sales fell for the fourth quarter in a row and were worse than analysts expected. The stock lost $38.67, or 9.5 percent, to $367, its lowest price in three years. FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS: Southwest Airlines gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. Ticket prices have been falling for two years and Southwest said prices are still “soft” while its spending grew. The stock lost $3.53, or 8.4 percent, to $38.42. Other airlines including American and United also traded lower. MYLAN MISERY: Drugmaker Mylan fell after investors learned that an allergy injection that competes with Mylan’s EpiPen shot will go back on sale in 2017. Kaleo Pharmaceuticals’ Auvi-Q was taken off the market last year because of the potential for inaccurate dosing, and EpiPen hasn’t had direct competition since then. Over the last few months Mylan has come under fire for repeatedly raising the price of EpiPen over the last decade and for overcharging the government for the shot. Mylan stock lost 79 cents, or 2.1 percent, to $37.89 and it’s down 22 percent since mid-August. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold fell $7 to $1,266.60 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $17.63 an ounce. Copper was little changed at $2.15 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 104.54 yen from 104.22 yen. The euro rose to $1.0906 from $1.0892. OVERSEAS: The FTSE 100 of Britain dropped 0.8 percent while Germany’s DAX lost 0.4 percent and the CAC 40 in France gave up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 edged 0.2 percent higher, but Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dropped 1 percent and South Korea’s Kospi lost 1.1 percent. To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Dow Jones US Stocks 3:03 pm Wed, October 26, 2016 New Orleans CityBusiness The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones US Stocks Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Law Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 Report: Tulane grad on Supreme Court short list November 14, 2016 Toyota to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit November 14, 2016 Money Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream November 15, 2016 Trustmark to buy Alabama’s Reliance Bank for $25.6 million November 15, 2016 Tech Talk AT&T launches ultra-fast internet service in New Orleans area November 15, 2016 Louisiana startup hubs get nearly $1 million in federal grants November 15, 2016 New technology lab headed to Algiers November 14, 2016 Ports & Transportation Port of New Orleans mulls rail shuttle to alleviate congestion November 15, 2016 Trucking company settles discrimination case with Sikhs November 15, 2016 AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years November 15, 2016 Drill Bits Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group November 15, 2016 Entergy, Edwards tout $1M workforce development grant November 15, 2016 Oil pipeline protests planned nationwide November 15, 2016 CityBusiness Email Alert Sign Up for New Orleans CityBusiness’ e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. Digital Edition Get your copy of CityBusiness on Friday. Plan next week with an early look at local business news. For subscription information, please call (800) 451-9998 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Governor says TOPS cuts have ‘failed’ Louisiana’s students Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Gulf states getting nearly $370M for 24 restoration projects Wrinkle-free investing? Louisianans bet on Linda Evangelista’s new face cream Brown & Root Industrial Services acquires MEI Group New Orleans CityBusiness ADVERTISING CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS NEWSSTANDS Copyright © 2016 New Orleans Publishing Group | 3445 N. Causeway Blvd., Suite 901, Metairie, LA 70002 | Phone: (504)834-9292 E-mail: mail@nopg.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing CEO says will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing CEO says will not cut 777 output rate by more than 2 a month Boeing Co will not cut production of the 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and is taking more time to decide on whether a cut is even needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Posted 27 Oct 2016 01:55 Updated 27 Oct 2016 02:50 President, Chairman and CEO of The Boeing Company Dennis Muilenburg speaks at the "What's Next?" conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Boeing Co will not cut production of the 777 jetliner by more than two planes a month and is taking more time to decide on whether a cut is even needed, Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg said on Wednesday. Boeing already plans to cut production of the wide-body plane to seven a month next year from 8.3 currently, and many experts expect a further cut to five a month due to slow sales and transition to a successor jet, the 777X. The world's biggest planemaker also is studying whether to lift production of 787 Dreamliners to a planned 14 a month from 12, Muilenburg said. The company signaled that it wants to wait until several sales campaigns are finished in 2016 and 2017. "We expect to have additional clarity on 777 production decisions in the next couple of months," Muilenburg said on a call with analysts. "On the 787 program we have more time to further assess the implementation of the next production rate increase that is currently scheduled to ramp up to 14 per month at the end of the decade." Boeing's production rates are bellwethers of market conditions, closely watched by investors for signs of the plane maker's future earnings and cash flow. Sales and profits at Boeing's many suppliers also are affected by changes in Boeing's factory rates. While noting "hesitation" among airlines for buying wide-body planes such as the 777 and 787, Muilenburg said sales of narrow-body 737s are relatively strong. He also said that even if Boeing decides to cut wide-body production "we continue to expect commercial aircraft deliveries to grow beyond 900 airplanes per year through the end of this decade," providing reassurance that overall deliveries will continue to rise from the 745 to 750 expected this year. Earlier on Wednesday, the company beat profit expectations in the third quarter. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chris Reese, Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top

null
null

The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Tue., Nov. 15, 2016 50˚ Business WEDNESDAY, OCT. 26, 2016, 11:31 A.M. Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead By David Koenig Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit DALLAS – Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market “generally positive” with a “moderate” pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing’s military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders – more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $6.05, or 4.4 percent, to $144.97 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Published: Oct. 26, 2016, 11:31 a.m.  Tags: aerospace, Boeing, business, earnings, economy Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Baylor students walk woman to class after alleged racist attack Cy-Fair teacher allegedly had sex with student in car Man in Tinder date case: 'I didn't hear her scream' 9 things to know about Tiffany Trump Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Man charged with murder in Houston rapper's killing Texas students expelled from Abilene Christian University for Mother, two children reportedly shot in north Harris County One dead after six-vehicle pile-up on Beltway 8 US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I What Donald Trump's presidency might mean for drug cartels Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and 'Possessed' salad dressing causes over $2,000 worth of damage in Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Clear Creek bringing confidence, experience and a hamster to the ESPN's Jesse Palmer says UH and Louisville still have plenty to Akeem Hunt dances into role in Texans' backfield Tony Romo: 'Dak Prescott has earned the right to be our Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Houston area to get third Hopdoddy Burger Bar TriEagle Energy joins effort to boost access, affordability of Slim Chickens adds Humble restaurant Fajita Pete's keeps eye on expansion as Tomball restaurant opens A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Morrissey cancels sold-out Houston show due to band member's New films opening this week Art gallery and museum listings: Nov. 17-23 Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Sue and Lester Smith's in-home ballroom hosts Barbara Bush Chronicle critics offer entertainment suggestions Photographer captures empty Houston factories Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/Boeing-beats-Street-3Q-forecasts-10414960.php Boeing has a banner third quarter, sees more of the same ahead By DAVID KOENIG, AP Airlines Writer Updated 1:09 pm, Wednesday, October 26, 2016 DALLAS — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. The results beat Wall Street expectations, and Boeing shares rose in midday trading on Wednesday. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. Muilenburg told analysts that Boeing still expects to increase 737 production from the current 42 to 57 planes per month in 2019. But, he said, the company will decide soon whether to reduce 777 output by one or two planes per month in late 2017 or 2018. Boeing currently plans to build seven a month in 2017. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Even if production of so-called widebody planes is trimmed, Boeing should still surpass 900 aircraft deliveries per year by the end of this decade, Muilenburg said. On Boeing's military business, the company still expects moderate growth in U.S. defense spending and solid demand overseas. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-basis adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts had expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. On taxes, Boeing swung from a $783 million expense and a 31.5 percent tax rate a year ago to a $76 million tax benefit in the third quarter. The switch was partly due to two one-time tax benefits including the settlement of an audit for 2011 and 2012. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Boeing expects to return to a tax rate of 31 to 32 percent next year. The company is reducing its workforce. It had 154,700 employees on Sept. 30, down 6,700 jobs or more than 4 percent in the past year. Shares of Boeing Co. gained $5.88, or 4.2 percent, to $144.90 in afternoon trading, putting the stock slightly in positive territory for the year. The shares began the day down 4 percent in 2016. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Nerf Zombie Strike Doominator Blaster for $28 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 4 hr 18 min ago SHOP NOW HDTVs at Walmart: Deals from $75 + free shipping WalmartPosted 12 hr 6 min ago SHOP NOW Ferrari La Ferrari RC Car for $21 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 4 hr 23 min ago SHOP NOW NFL Shop Outlet: Up to 70% off + free shipping NFL ShopPosted 5 hr 17 min ago Latest News Houston area to get third Hopdoddy Burger Bar TriEagle Energy joins effort to boost access, affordability of... Slim Chickens adds Humble restaurant Fajita Pete's keeps eye on expansion as Tomball restaurant opens United aims at budget travelers with 'Basic Economy' fares The North Face to open first Houston store in The Galleria New uBreakiFix in Sugar Land is sixth for Houston area Trump across Texas, visualized Fairfield Town Center completes first phase in time for Black... The Cheesecake Factory takes a stake in North Italia Small Business Are Biweekly Payroll Income Taxes Calculated Differently? How to Fill Out a Design Patent Form What Is the Advantage of a Widescreen Monitor? How to Advertise Free Samples Medical Office Policies & Procedures Information Most Read 1 Donald Trump has changed his mind on these 7 campaign promises 2 Family shot, child killed in attempted robbery north of Houston 3 Spring bar to pay $3 million for serving drunk driver who... 4 Texas woman drops off kids, vanishes 5 Teacher accused of saying: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump... 6 Shooting victim identified as Houston rapper 'Mr. 3-2' 7 The other Trump girl: 9 things to know about Tiffany Trump 8 WWE's Big Van Vader, aka Leon White, tells fans he has 2 years... 9 Texas legislators file bills aimed at decriminalizing marijuana 10 Cy-Fair teacher allegedly had sex with student in car View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Trump Is a Friend of Fossil Fuels DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer: Boeing Needs to Watch Its Widebodies Boeing beat Wall Street earnings forecasts but it needs to watch its widebody aircraft production, says Jim Cramer. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Oct 26, 2016 12:17 PM EDT Boeing (BA) beat Wall Street earnings forecasts but it needs to watch its widebody aircraft production, says TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Before the market open, the Chicago-based aerospace company reported earnings of $2.81 a share, topping analysts' estimates of $2.62 a share. Revenue declined to $23.9 billion from $25.8 billion a year ago but beat analysts' projections of $23.6 billion. For the full year, Boeing now expects to report earnings between $6.80 and $7.00 a share, up from between $6.10 and $6.30 a share. Revenue is anticipated to be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, up from $93.0 billion to $95.0 billion. If you liked this article you might like Economic Growth is on the Upswing for 2017, Say Top Economists at Mizuho Donald Trump's election victory has disrupted markets in the U.S. and elsewhere, but short term economies around the world should benefit, says Mizuho. Rhonda Schaffler Nov 15, 2016 4:33 PM EST Trump Trade War Fears Are Exaggerated That's why I'm not concerned about Apple. Boeing is another story. Ed Ponsi Nov 15, 2016 10:00 AM EST Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Trump Trade War Could Hit U.S. Car, Apple iPhone Sales We're beginning to see the grimmer side of the 'Trump Rally,' says Jim Cramer. Scott Rutt Nov 14, 2016 8:28 PM EST Cramer: We're Seeing the Other Side of Trump Rally If he meant what he said, we may be in for a trade war. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 2:30 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Apple Gets Ten Days to Address Its iPhone 6 And 6S Shutdown Problem In China DryShips Soars 1,500% Amid Epic Short Squeeze With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Apple's Smart Glasses Can Succeed, But It Has to Move Fast to Beat Microsoft and Facebook 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers


Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Oppenheimer: Steer Clear Of Chipotle Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 12:01pm   Comments Share: Related CMG An Update On The Ackman Trades Ackman Vs. Icahn: Heavy Casualties On Both Sides Chipotle Hurt by Delay in Addressing Food Safety Concerns (GuruFocus) Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG) hit a new 52-week low of $376.22 and were trading lower by more than 7 percent Wednesday in reaction to the company's third-quarter earnings report, which further calls into question the restaurant chain's ability to turn itself around. Brian Bittner of Oppenheimer counts himself among the Wall Street crowd not hopeful of a recovery. The analyst reiterated a Perform rating on Chipotle's stock but won't recommend buying shares near the $400 level. He elaborated that he sees downside risk to the $300 range. At $300 shares of Chipotle would be valued at 47x the analyst's 2017 earnings per share estimate and 33x his 2018 estimates. Bittner believes Chipotle's outlook for 2017 may be too aggressive. The company's $10 per share earnings per share guidance for 2017 assumes a high-single-digit comps and 20 percent restaurant margins, both of which represent an aggressive bar. In fact, the company's margins guidance implies a 500-basis-point increase, which is "too aggressive" and requires per-unit labor and other costs to materially decline at a time when sales are expected to surge. "Our view is that the new EPS guidance appears optimistic and at some point in near future CMG's earnings expectations and a more normalized multiple will ultimately be the main driver of the stock price," Bittner wrote. Latest Ratings for CMG Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Goldman Sachs Maintains Neutral Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Downgrades Outperform Neutral Oct 2016 RBC Capital Maintains Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for CMG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Restaurants Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CMG) An Update On The Ackman Trades Ackman Vs. Icahn: Heavy Casualties On Both Sides Can You Guess This Chart? Reputation Can Be Much Slower To Recover From Than Fundamentals Yum Brands Has 'Unlimited' Growth Potential In China Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On GoPro And Chipotle View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on CMG Trending Recent 1 PBR, BDC: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLD, NUGT: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 EA, SSTK: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trum... 4 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 FB, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrades NVIDIA A... 1 Economic Data Scheduled For Tuesday 2 CAR: Avis Budget, Didi Chuxing Establish Global Strategic Partnership 3 KLIC, VOD: Earnings Scheduled For November 15, 2016 4 SCTY, V: Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Tuesday Trade 5 WFM, JCP: Watch These 7 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade 6 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Lower; BSE Sensex Down O... 7 FXI, GXC: China Markets Down; Yuan Drops To Ne... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Rises 50 Points; Logitech Shares Gain On Earnings Beat
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration Six contractors have begun work on NASA’s gateway to deep space A new deep space module will serve as a template for Mars vehicle by Eric Berger - Oct 26, 2016 3:30 pm UTC Login to bookmark 93 NASA Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. This gallery showcases the proposals from six bidders for a final contract to build a deep space habitat for NASA. NASA Concept image of the interior of a deep space habitat. This gallery showcases the proposals from six bidders for a final contract to build a deep space habitat for NASA. Boeing Boeing is developing a modular habitat system that leverages experience in designing, developing, assembling on-orbit, and safely operating the International Space Station for over 15 years. Lockheed Martin Lockheed Martin will refurbish a multi-purpose logistics module, like those that were used to carry equipment and supplies to and from the station aboard the space shuttle, into a full-scale habitat prototype that will include integrated avionics and ECLSS. NanoRacks. in conjunction with its partners, Space Systems Loral and the United Launch Alliance, referred to collectively as the Ixion Team, will conduct a comprehensive feasibility study regarding the conversion of an existing launch vehicle’s upper stage, or propellant segment, into a pressurized habitable volume in space. Bigelow Aerospace Bigelow Aerospace will develop and test a prototype of XBASE (Expandable Bigelow Advanced Station Enhancement), a 330 cubic meter expandable habitat and test platform for deep space hardware. Sierra Nevada Corp. Sierra Nevada Corporation will study and refine a flexible architecture and concept of operations for a deep space habitat that leverages three to four commercial launches to construct a modular long-duration habitat. Orbital ATK Orbital ATK will mature the mission architecture and design of their initial cislunar habitat concept, based on the Cygnus spacecraft that currently services the space station. NASA has a problem. It has a big rocket under development. It has a shiny new spacecraft to fly into deep space. And it has a cadre of brilliant astronauts waiting in a long line to fly beyond low-Earth orbit. But the SLS rocket, Orion spacecraft and crew members have nowhere to go—there is no Moon lander, and asteroids and Mars are too far away for now. NASA plans to address its problem by parking a “deep space” habitat in a location near the Moon, which astronauts could visit and use to become acclimated to life beyond low-Earth orbit. President Obama mentioned deep space habitats earlier this month, when he reiterated his call for NASA to send humans to Mars. “I'm excited to announce that we are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space,” Obama said. This wasn’t really a new announcement, as NASA has been working on the habitat program for a couple of years. Nevertheless, before the president's mention, this NextSTEP program had received surprisingly little attention given its significance—it might be the most important contract NASA awards for next decade. The NextSTEP contract merits attention for two reasons, beyond providing an essential destination for NASA’s astronauts and exploration vehicles in the 2020s. For one, these funds will not just go toward a one-off outpost in deep space. Rather, if the habitat works well it could serve as a template for a habitation module for astronauts to travel in from Earth to Mars, and a modified version could also serve as living quarters on the surface of the red planet itself. Ultimately the contract could be worth tens of billions of dollars, if not more. A second reason is that NASA has legitimately opened up the competition to a startling diversity of contractors, from traditional aerospace giants Lockheed Martin and Boeing down to small, relative newcomers, like Bigelow Aerospace and NanoRacks. To get a sense of the scope of the program, Ars met earlier this year with Matt Simon, the habitation lead for NASA’s Evolvable Mars Campaign. The discussion happened in August, shortly after the NextSTEP program had moved into “Phase II,” where six companies will receive a total of $65 million through the end of 2017 to refine their concepts for a deep-space habitat and build a ground-based prototype to test the form, fit, and function. This will set the stage for Phase III, likely to be awarded in 2018 or 2019, which will kick off the construction of flight hardware. The nominal plan is to launch the habitat sometime in the mid-2020s, and thereafter NASA intends to send human crews to the habitat once per year for 30 to 60 days at a time. “Eventually we would like to build up the duration of time that we can stay at this habitat to longer and longer durations that are more analogous to the durations we would see on a Mars mission, or at least sufficiently long to test out the things we need to test out,” Simon said. NASA would like to conduct a year-long mission in deep space by the end of the 2020s. Is this the vehicle? As Obama said, NASA has embarked upon a "Journey to Mars." While the plan may change to include lunar landings as a stepping stone to Mars, the space agency does intend to try and venture back into deep space for the first time since the Apollo program. Whatever destination it chooses, NASA's ambitions will begin with the deep space habitat, because it is an affordable first step, costing hundreds of millions or a few billion dollars initially, instead of multiple billions needed for a full-blown expedition to the Moon's surface, Mars or elsewhere in deep space. "This is the right next step," Simon said. "We need to understand how to live in deep space, how to live off of our planet." The first habitat launched in the 2020s won’t be exactly the same as the vehicle NASA eventually sends to Mars. Rather, it will serve as a prototype to help the space agency understand the capabilities, technologies, and systems needed for astronauts to survive for long periods in deep space. Some of those systems can be tested on the ground or the existing space station, but others can only be tested further from Earth. Some of the biggest challenges in deep space include solar particle events, galactic cosmic rays, and the lack of understanding about the rate of cancer incidence due to these events. And it’s not just the biology—NASA is unsure of how computer systems and other space station hardware will fare for long periods of time beyond Earth’s natural radiation shielding. A station near the Moon will also give mission control practice with communications delays, and, during its dormant period, allow engineers to test its autonomous mode. Whatever design NASA ultimately settles upon will become the backbone of its journey to Mars, by serving as both the transit habitat and as a surface outpost either on the Moon or Mars. There are key differences, of course—a transit habitat would have to be optimized for zero gravity, and a Moon and Mars habitat would face different dust environments. “What we’ve tried to do is make sure the transit habitat, and the surface habitat all have a similar structure, and are similarly outfitted to some degree,” Simon said. “We’re trying to make as much common as possible between those three habitats to make sure the investments for the transit habitat feed forward for the surface habitat, and we save some money.” New contractors NASA has welcomed a broad range of companies into the competition for building a deep space habitat. The six finalists are Bigelow Aerospace, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada Corporation, and NanoRacks. Of those, Boeing has the most experience with space hardware, as the company has been serving as prime contractor for the International Space Station for longer than the ISS has been orbiting. But NASA wanted a broader approach to this new venture, Simon said. “The more minds you put to the problem, the more different perspectives, the better overall solutions we’re going to come up with,” he said. NanoRacks is perhaps the most surprising entrant. The small, Houston-based company was founded in 2009 to help commercialize the space station, and provides a way for companies and researchers to get experiments onto station. It also deploys cubesats. Enlarge / Cubsats launch from the NanoRacks CubeSat Deployer on the International Space Station. NASA For its version of the habitat, NanoRacks will partner with Space Systems Loral and the rocket company United Launch Alliance, to study converting United Launch Alliance’s Centaur upper stage into a pressurized habitable volume in space. “For us, it’s back to the future,” said NanoRacks founder Jeff Manber. “People may not realize that America’s first station, Skylab, was an upper stage that had been re-purposed.” The company believes its approach will prove the most cost-effective. Manber said the number of companies involved in the project, from both traditional and new space backgrounds, mirrors a changing industry. “The mix of companies reflects accurately the state of the industry today,” he said. New space gets a chance to compete with the old lions of aerospace. Congress Many questions remain about the viability of NASA’s Journey to Mars, and some members of Congress have pressed the agency to release more details about how it plans to get from low-Earth orbit to the surface of our planetary next-door neighbor. Those members are keenly interested in the deep space habitat program, because it represents a tangible step toward Mars. One of them, Oklahoma Republican House member Jim Bridenstine, has pressed during Congressional hearings this year for NASA to accelerate the habitat program, and said he hopes the Phase II awards produce high-fidelity mockups rather than very basic reproductions. Bridenstine calls habitats important not just for Mars transits, but also enabling other activities like obtaining water from asteroids and the Moon. Enlarge / Boeing concept art for what the inside of its modular station might look like. Boeing "Deep space habitats are vital to developing the space economy and expanding our presence beyond low Earth orbit,” Bridenstine told Ars. “We now know that water is abundant on the Moon and throughout the solar system. Correspondingly, propellent is available. Once these resources are exploited and stored on orbit the cost of the space enterprise will decrease immensely.” With Congress watching closely, it's a solid bet that the habitat program will move forward. NASA has not specified how far it will winnow the playing field of six entrants when it comes to the Phase III contract awards at the end of this decade, although it may be reduced all the way down to one concept, or a combination of two. That will depend upon budget levels, of course, but the same could be said of virtually every other NASA program. Listing image by Boeing Expand full story Reader comments 93 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Eric Berger / Eric Berger is the senior space editor at Ars Technica, covering everything from astronomy to private space to wonky NASA policy. A certified meteorologist, Eric lives in Houston.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 26 October 2016 | MYT 10:33 PM Boeing Q3 profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue outlook Boeing’s earnings rose to US$2.28bil (RM9.48bil) in the third quarter from US$1.70bil (RM7.07bil) a year earlier. The AFP photo shows Boeing's first 737 MAX. NEW YORK: Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue and notched up its sales forecast for the full year, saying it planned to deliver more jetliners than it originally thought. Factoring out a one-time tax benefit, the results showed the impact of cost reductions and leaner manufacturing at the world’s biggest plane maker. Boeing is cutting costs to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12% to US$3.2bil (RM13.3bil). Deliveries were down nearly 3% from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750 from 740 to 745, and kept its operating cash flow target of more than US$10bil unchanged. The additional planes will boost revenue by US$500mil (RM2.08bil), Boeing said, prompting the company to raise its year-end revenue target to between US$93.5bil and US$95.5bil (RM388.9bil and RM397.3bil). The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about US$150mil (RM623.9mil) in the quarter to US$27.5bil (RM114.41bil), reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at US$28.7bil in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing’s earnings rose to US$2.28bil (RM9.48bil), or US$3.60 per share, in the quarter, from US$1.70bil (RM7.07bil), or US$2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to US$3.51 per share from US$2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were US$2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of US$2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to US$23.90bil (RM99.40bil) from US$25.85bil (RM107.51bil). Boeing shares dipped 0.4% at US$138.40 in premarket trading. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Airlines , Boeing Co Related Stories Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business Boeing’s profit hit by tanker charge; outlook unchanged Boeing shares drop on accounting fears, competitive threats Boeing 2016 earnings forecast misses estimates, shares drop You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Spain fight back to snatch draw with England Little-known Republican becomes Trump liaison in Congress MRT fare starts at RM1 Property Related advertisement Latest News There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Wall Street rises, helped by tech and energy (Update 1) Most Viewed in Business MRT fare starts at RM1 There is no "truly low-cost" airlines in Asia, there is a gap for this Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private Malaysia Airlines mulls purchase of 25 widebody jets next year EPF, Eco World in JV to develop township, business park in Selangor Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost global stocks Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected Malaysian palm oil price declines for 2nd session in a row PDZ stops fund-raising exercise for proposed billion-ringgit LPG project advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Boeing Turns Green After Q3 Report Joel Elconin , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 11:06am   Comments Share: Related BA Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort (Seeking Alpha) Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) shares are trading lower by $1.00 at $138.02 in Wednesday's session. That's despite a Q3 EPS beat of nearly a dollar along with a slight beat for revenues. The initial price spike in pre-market trading into the mid-$140 handle immediately attracted droves of sellers. As a result, the issue had a lower open and attempted to rally. However, it found sellers ahead of Tuesday's close ($139.02) and the downdraft continued. The ensuing decline found support just above Monday's low ($136.41), only reaching $136.72 before mounting a comeback into the $138 handle. Update: The stock has since recovered to the green, trading at $139.92 Posted-In: Technicals Intraday Update Movers Trading Ideas © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BA) Choose Your News: Earnings, Fed, Oil, And Retail Sales Highlight Busy Day As Expected, This ETF Basks In Trump's Win Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Wednesday, November 9 Best Sector ETFs For November: Let's Get Cyclical Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1.5%; NCR Shares Spike Higher View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BA Trending Recent 1 PBR, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 HMNY, SAEX: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 JNUG, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' M... 5 XLK, GRUB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 BETR, RPRX: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday&#... 7 NVDA, TSLA: Vetr Crowd Downgrad... 1 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-A, DAL: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta Ai... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Soybean Futures Extend Gains Stock Index Futures Erase Losses
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Boeing earnings soar 34 percent on solid deliveries USA TODAY 10/26/2016 Bart Jansen Boeing Co. reported a 34% rise in net earnings for the third quarter Wednesday based in part on favorable tax items and the timing of aircraft deliveries. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 148.11 -1.88 -1.25% The Chicago-based company reported nearly $2.3 billion in net earnings in July, August and September, up from $1.7 billion. Core earnings per share of $3.51 rose 39% from the same period a year earlier, beating the $2.62 per share predicted by analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence. The results beat analyst estimates even after a tax adjustment of 70 cents per share that analysts hadn’t anticipated. A tax settlement of 28 cents per share dating to 2012 had been announced and was included in the estimates. The earnings came on a 7.5% decline in revenue, to $23.9 billion. But costs and expenses also dropped 7.8%, to $19.9 billion.  Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement that the results reflected solid performance across production of commercial and defense aircraft, while also positioning the company for the future. “We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts,” Muilenburg said. “We remain on track to deliver our full-year commitments.” Revenue from commercial airplanes declined 4%, to $17 billion, on lower planned delivery volume of 188 planes compared to 199 for the same period a year earlier, the company said. But Boeing said it began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner during the quarter, completed service-ready validation of the 737 MAX 8 and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The company booked 107 net orders during the quarter, with a backlog of 5,600 commercial plane orders valued at $409 billion. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Former Oklahoma punter killed in airport shooting USA TODAY Chicago police make arrest in grisly murder of toddler USA TODAY Ford CEO warns about Trump's 35% car tariff USA TODAY Dodgers' Roberts voted NL manager of the year USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated 12 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Over 1.3m guests check into Sharjah’s hotels Tesco recovery on with fastest sales growth Opec said to start final push on oil-cuts plan Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boeing third-quarter profit jumps 33.7%; raises delivery and revenue outlook The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745 Published: 17:38 October 26, 2016 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York, Bengaluru: Boeing Co reported a 33.7 per cent rise in quarterly profit on Wednesday and raised its commercial aeroplanes delivery forecast for the year, sending its shares higher. The world’s largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial aeroplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745. The additional planes would boost revenue by $500 million (Dh1.8 billion), prompting Boeing to raise its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defence and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 per cent to $3.2 billion. Deliveries were down nearly 3 per cent from a year ago, reflecting slower production of profitable 777 and 737 models. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, a tally of the manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150 million in the quarter to $27.5 billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7 billion in the first quarter and has declined since then. Boeing’s earnings rose to $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the quarter, from $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the average analyst estimate of $2.62, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Total revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Boeing shares dipped 0.4 per cent at $138.40 in premarket trading. More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You UAE: 'We don't want to see any discrimination'PUBLISHED ON Nov 15, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Oct. 26, 2016 9:33 AM ET Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead AP          AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints CHICAGO (AP) — Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 percent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-bases adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts were expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. Boeing's effective tax rate in the third quarter was a negative 3.4 percent and compared with a rate of 31.5 percent in the same period a year ago. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 percent, down from 23 percent last year. Shares of Boeing Co. rose 8 cents to $139.10 in trading before Wednesday's opening bell. At Tuesday's close they were down 4 percent in 2016. ___ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at http://www.zacks.com/ap/BA ___ Keywords: Boeing, Earnings Report, Priority EarningsAssociated Press Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Business, Earnings reports, Earnings, Financial performance, Corporate news People, Places and Companies: Chicago       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business The Boeing logo is seen at the company’s headquarters in Chicago. (© Jim Young / Reuters) The Boeing logo is seen at the company’s headquarters in Chicago. (© Jim Young / Reuters) Boeing profit jumps, raises commercial airplanes delivery forecast Add to ... Alwyn Scott Reuters Published Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016 7:42AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016 10:56AM EDT Comments AA Boeing Co on Wednesday beat profit expectations in the third quarter despite declining revenue, a sign that cost-cutting is having an impact at the world’s biggest plane maker. Boeing also notched up its sales forecast for the year, saying it would deliver more jetliners than originally planned. Factoring out a tax benefit, the results showed the effect of Boeing’s lean manufacturing drive as it tries to boost profit margins and compete for orders against European rival Airbus amid slowing jetliner sales. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing,” Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg said. Operating cash flow rose 12 per cent to $3.2-billion and Boeing affirmed its target of $10-billion or more this year. Analysts said the cash would reassure investors, but added that the stock has limited upside after a recent rally. “Sentiment and positioning (in the stock) do not appear particularly negative and we do not believe the stock is set up to run away,” JP Morgan analyst Seth Seifman wrote in a note. Boeing shares fell as much as 1.7 per cent to $136.72 but later eased to $138.74 on the New York Stock Exchange. Jetliner deliveries were down nearly 3 per cent from a year ago, reflecting fewer profitable 777 and 737 models reaching customers. But Boeing raised its target for jetliner deliveries for the year to between 745 and 750, from 740 to 745. The additional planes will boost revenue by $500-million, and Boeing raised its year-end revenue target to between $93.5-billion and $95.5-billion. The closely watched deferred production cost balance for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner, a tally of manufacturing costs not yet recouped by sales, declined about $150-million in the quarter to $27.5-billion, reflecting the fact that the high-tech plane is now profitable by some accounting measures. The balance peaked at $28.7-billion in the first quarter and has since declined. Boeing is curbing the use of paid overtime by 80,000 salaried workers based in the United States. Revenue and profit fell in Boeing’s defense business, partly an effect of the discontinued C-17 transport plane. Boeing’s adjusted earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose 39 per cent to $3.51 per share, including a tax gain of 70 cents a share it received by claiming more depreciation than it had previously. Factoring that out, core earnings were $2.81 a share, compared with the $2.62 analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenue fell to $23.90-billion from $25.85-billion. Report Typo/Error   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Updated November 15 4:01 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story U.S. grants licences to Airbus, Boeing to sell aircraft to Iran U.S., Canada ban Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphones from airliners Ryanair cuts profit forecast but says demand growing Topics The Boeing Company Aerospace Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Real Estate Toronto propels house prices to new record Globe Drive Is there a downside to driving on winter tires in the summer? Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Ten tips for coaxing the best flavours from your slow cooker Globe Investor Why blue-chip financial firms are sweetening the deal for preferred shares The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters News Obama on Trump: 'Reality has a way of asserting itself' News Cows rescued after being stranded in New Zealand quake Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips News Donald Trump a 'bump in the road' in climate fight: David Suzuki Report on Business Trump victory taking shine off gold News The history behind Soldiers' Tower at the University of Toronto News 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Report on Business How to get the most out of your CMHC insurance Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Robotics firm’s lasers reveal ocean’s deepest secrets Report on Business How obscure retailers can gain a customer’s trust online More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Adam Zimmerman: Noranda executive was a fervent nationalist Life Sharing aesthetics: How to make someone else at home in your home Most popular West Virginia mayor quits over response to racist post about Michelle Obama Trump staff shake-up slows transition to near halt Who will Trump pick for his cabinet? A list of some likely contenders​ Greek police use stun grenades, tear gas as thousands protest Obama visit Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS Boeing Reports Q3 GAAP Earnings Per Share Of US$3.60 KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 26 (Bernama) -- The Boeing Company reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of US$3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP) of US$3.51, reflecting overall solid execution on production programmes and services, favourable tax items, and timing of aircraft deliveries. Revenue guidance has been increased US$500 million to between US$93.5 and US$95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries, it said in a statement issued in Chicago Wednesday. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between US$7.10 and US$7.30 from US$6.40 and US$6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP) guidance has been increased to between US$6.80 and US$7.00 from US$6.10 and US$6.30 to reflect a favourable US$0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favourable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of US$0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defence and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dennis Muilenburg said. "We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog. "We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programmes, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world," he said. Muilenburg said Boeing remained on track to deliver full-year commitments and at the same time, positioning itself for further growth through intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company. Operating cash flow in the quarter was US$3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance. During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for US$1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorisation. The company also paid US$0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 per cent increase in dividends per share compared with the same period of the previous year. Cash and investments in marketable securities totalled US$9.7 billion, up from US$9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was US$10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt. Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from US$472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of US$15 billion. Meanwhile, Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume. Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 per cent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, Boeing began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 programme has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, Boeing continued to grow its services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space & Security third-quarter revenue was US$7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 per cent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew programme. Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was US$3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 per cent, reflecting programme mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to US$1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 per cent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development programme. The charge includes a US$124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in previous periods and a US$38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support's (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to US$2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernisation & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 per cent largely reflecting contract mix. During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was US$53 billion, of which 38 per cent represents orders from international customers. At quarter-end, Boeing Capital's net portfolio balance was US$3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was US$453 million, down from US$529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the previous year primarily due to the favourable US$440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced US$177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. The company's 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya 1MDB Highly Politicised By Certain People For Own Political Benefit - Najib With Or Without TPP Malaysia Committed To Strengthen Ties With US, Says Najib Other News Headlines Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts- politic Malaysian Franchise Industry Flourishing Amid Challenging Economy - Hamzah- business Syria, Iran Draw 0-0 In 2018 World Cup Qualifying Round- sports Malays Need To Relearn Their Culture- features Egypt Court Overturns Morsi Death Sentence, Orders Retrial- world Most Read News Avoid Poor Jokes Syndrome At UMNO General Assembly 2016 - Analysts Flash Floods Hit Klang Valley, Putrajaya No Excuse For Inaction On Global Warming, Warns Malaysia Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com

Boeing reports higher earnings, lifts forecast | Bangkok Post: news Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More NEWS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY NEWS Homepage MOST RECENT Top stories POLITICS Crime General ASEAN ASIA WORLD SPORTS More WEATHER FORECAST HOT TOPICS SPECIAL REPORT SECURITY Transport Environment News > World Boeing reports higher earnings, lifts forecast 26 Oct 2016 at 19:45 38 viewed0 comments WRITER: AFP - + NEW YORK - Boeing reported higher third-quarter earnings and lifted its full-year forecast Wednesday following a solid performance in its commercial airplane deliveries. Boeing's net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion Net income was $2.3 billion, up 33.7 percent from the year-ago period and boosted by a one-time tax benefit. Revenues were down 7.5 percent to $23.9 billion. Operating profit fell both in Boeing's commercial and military divisions, yet the aerospace giant continued to book major orders for new commercial planes. The company also boosted its 2016 forecast for commercial plane deliveries to 745-750 from the prior range of 740-745. Commercial airplane deliveries are closely tied to revenues in the aerospace industry. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg. Boeing's earnings translated to $3.51 per share, compared with analyst expectations of $2.62 per share. Shares of Boeing rose 1.8 percent to $141.48. RECOMMENDED STORIES Thais hold off Aussies to draw 2-2 Rice-pledge loss list names 6,000 officials 8 trawlers sunk to create artificial reef Ariya, Thongchai favourites for SAT title City cleans 6 tonnes of krathong waste Baby boy rescued, newborn's body found dumped Renewables have their day in the sun Police nab suspect after 6-year chase Thailand shock Australia with 2-2 draw Most Viewed 119,504 Pattaya-Hua Hin ferry to begin on ... 42,539 'Supermoon' vigils set to honour ... 39,613 Philippine, Myanmar heads pay ... 34,527 Fresh attacks 'kill dozens' in ... 27,644 Two dead after NZ quake, tsunami ... Recent NEWS Articles King Bhumibol to be known as 'the Great' 'Significant' Apec summit NCPO pushing ahead to support rice farmers Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 06:45 B8bn to draw farmers to maize 05:34 King Bhumibol to be known as 'the Great' 04:16 NCPO pushing ahead to support rice farmers 03:08 Police nab suspect after 6-year chase 02:53 Google to open London office, 3,000 jobs expected 01:37 UN slams N.Korea for diverting funds to missiles 21:05 Thailand shock Australia with 2-2 draw 20:37 Judge under disciplinary probe died at 45 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/15/16 06:45 PM EST Kaine: Senate Dems are an 'emergency brake' By Elana Schor "The Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is on the train right now," he says upon his return. 2016 11/15/16 06:41 PM EST How Turnout-Only Politics Gave Us the 2016 Campaign—And a Historic Polling Upset By Lee Drutman Divisive politics are here to stay, unless we can start thinking of how to persuade swing voters again. 11/15/16 06:32 PM EST Idaho secretary of state: Leave our electors alone By Brent Griffiths The plea comes in response to movement among electors to dump Trump. 11/15/16 06:26 PM EST Zero Dark Donald: Trump's hiatus By Henry C. Jackson About five days ago, President-elect Donald Trump returned to Trump Tower in New York City - and, so far as the pool reporters and cameras following him... 2016 11/15/16 06:24 PM EST Why Donald Trump Needs to Take a Salary By Rob Goodman There’s a reason the Framers wanted the president to get paid—and if their logic was good enough for George Washington, it should be good enough for Trump.... 11/15/16 06:15 PM EST Mike Rogers: Transition shake-up is part of campaign's 'natural course' By Madeline Conway Rogers dubs it "growing pains." 11/15/16 06:08 PM EST Harry Reid says Trump has 'sparked a wave of hate crimes across America' 11/15/16 05:56 PM EST Donald Trump's Cabinet shortlist By Andrew Restuccia The most controversial name on the transition’s current agriculture secretary short list is Sid Miller, the current secretary of agriculture in Texas. 11/15/16 05:53 PM EST Former NATO head to meet with Trump transition staff By Bryan Bender "I hope that we will manage to get strong contacts in due time with the new administration," Anders Fogh Rasmussen said. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Trump announces inauguration team leaders By Nolan D. McCaskill Tom Barrack will chair Trump's inauguration committee. 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Mexican government gets ready for Trump’s deportation plans By Bianca Padró Ocasio Trump says his priority would be to deport undocumented immigrants who have criminal records. Updated 11/15/16 05:50 PM EST Schumer's leadership team in flux ahead of elections By Burgess Everett and Elana Schor Also unresolved is what Sen. Patty Murray will do. Presidential Transition 11/15/16 05:48 PM EST Power battles bog down Trump transition By Eli Stokols "It’s an absolute knife fight," said one Trump insider. "But that just makes it Tuesday." 11/15/16 05:46 PM EST Lynch urges Trump to press on with criminal justice reform By Josh Gerstein Loretta Lynch argued in a speech Tuesday that Trump's team should maintain the Justice Department's focus on combating bail and fine policies. 11/15/16 05:42 PM EST Assad: Syria and Trump can be 'natural allies' By Yousef Saba Assad said his expectations from Trump are low. In The Arena 11/15/16 05:40 PM EST The Trouble With the Electoral College By Timothy Noah We’ve now had two presidents in the last 16 years who didn’t win the popular vote. That's a problem. 11/15/16 05:22 PM EST Reid says Trump has 'sparked a wave of hate crimes across America' By Elana Schor "I cannot believe anyone in this chamber wants to defend the hateful acts that are being committed in Trump’s name," Reid says. Updated 11/15/16 04:00 PM EST Democrats demand that Trump rescind Bannon appointment By Nolan D. McCaskill Rhode Island Rep. David Cicilline spearheaded the effort. 11/15/16 03:57 PM EST Ukraine president asks for 'resolute support' in call with Trump By Brent Griffiths President Petro Poroshenko stressed the "need for the Washington’s resolute support of Ukraine in countering the Russian aggression." Updated 11/15/16 03:44 PM EST Warren blasts Trump transition decisions, vows Dodd-Frank battle By Zachary Warmbrodt The Massachusetts senator slams President-elect Donald Trump's first decisions as president in a series of attacks. 11/15/16 03:41 PM EST NARAL chief weighs run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss The operative added that so far "there don't seem to be any women" in the hunt for DNC chair. 11/15/16 03:33 PM EST Rep. Tim Ryan won't say whether he'll challenge Pelosi By Heather Caygle “I’m open and we’re all having conversations now,” Rep. Tim Ryan said in an interview. 11/15/16 03:31 PM EST Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million By Madeline Conway Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote over President-elect Donald Trump has surpassed 1 million. Updated 11/15/16 03:25 PM EST House GOP unanimously nominates Paul Ryan for Speaker By Rachael Bade and Kyle Cheney Ryan ran unopposed for the post. 11/15/16 03:09 PM EST Stivers elected to chair NRCC Stivers will oversee election efforts for the 2018 cycle. Updated 11/15/16 03:00 PM EST Billionaire investor Ross said to be Commerce pick By Andrew Restuccia and Doug Palmer Ross is an economic adviser to Trump. Angela Merkel to run for fourth term: senior MP By Cynthia Kroet Appearing with Obama, Tsipras slams German-led austerity By David Herszenhorn 11/15/16 02:24 PM EST API’s Durbin succeeds Finkel By Isaac Arnsdorf GPG hires Thune’s Poteet — Blue Engine hires two — 9/11 families invoke Trump on JASTA 11/15/16 02:11 PM EST Kris Kobach explains Trump’s immigration math By Madeline Conway Kobach said that the definition of a deportable offense would need to broaden under Trump, to include “any felony." 11/15/16 02:03 PM EST Judge sets hearing Friday on delay in Trump University case By Josh Gerstein Trump's legal team filed a motion Saturday arguing that the "critical and all-consuming" duties of preparing for the presidency merit putting... 11/15/16 01:54 PM EST Tom Price being considered for HHS secretary By Jennifer Haberkorn and Rachael Bade The Georgia Republican, who chairs the House Budget Committee, was an early Trump supporter. White House 11/15/16 01:49 PM EST Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration By Nahal Toosi But some fear Trump's choice of Bush veterans could revive controversial practices like waterboarding. 11/15/16 01:36 PM EST Boehner 'would love to see' Paul Ryan run for president By Yousef Saba "He would make a great president,” he said. 11/15/16 01:35 PM EST South Carolina party chair: I have the red-state experience Democrats need By Brent Griffiths Harrison formally announced his candidacy on Monday. 11/15/16 01:21 PM EST Rep. Boustany endorses Kennedy in Louisiana Senate runoff By Kevin Robillard and Burgess Everett "Republicans who care about the future of our country need a Republican in the Senate who will work with Donald Trump to roll back the failed liberal... Updated 11/15/16 01:20 PM EST Rand Paul: 'I’ll do whatever it takes' to stop Bolton from being secretary of state By Katie Glueck and Brent Griffiths Bolton, who served in the George W. Bush administration as ambassador to the United Nations, is a leading Republican hawk. 11/15/16 01:16 PM EST McCain to Trump: Don't cozy up to Putin By Bryan Bender McCain, though, was adamant that cozying up to Putin after Russia's recent actions would be folly. 11/15/16 01:03 PM EST Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision 11/15/16 01:01 PM EST South Carolina party chair jumps into DNC race 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: I'm not responsible for Trump 11/15/16 12:47 PM EST Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters 11/15/16 12:32 PM EST Obama, grappling with Trump's win, takes the long view By Edward-Isaac Dovere The president says he's not to blame for the election results -- but suggests Trump will ultimately fail. 11/15/16 12:22 PM EST Ryan waves off Bannon queries By Rachael Bade “I’m not looking backwards; I’m looking forward,” Ryan responded. 11/15/16 12:19 PM EST Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade 11/15/16 12:15 PM EST Playback: President-elect Trump’s first TV interview 11/15/16 12:02 PM EST Donna Brazile says CNN should have let her 'defend myself' following Wikileaks email By Kelsey Sutton The interim DNC chair said the network ripped her ‘a new one’ after town hall question scandal Updated 11/15/16 11:48 AM EST Time spent negotiating TPP wasn’t wasted By Megan Cassella Froman: No final decision yet on China anti-dumping change — Trump’s trade policies vs. iPhone sales 11/15/16 11:47 AM EST Carson won't serve in Trump administration, aide says By Paul Demko “He has no interest in a cabinet position, or any position in the administration,” Carson adviser Armstrong Williams told POLITICO. 11/15/16 11:35 AM EST Top Dem donor: Back people of color in leadership races By Kenneth P. Vogel and Daniel Strauss Her email came as the influential Democracy Alliance was convening a three-day meeting in Washington. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Bush aides could get a do-over in Trump administration House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Power battles bog down Trump transition Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Obama, grappling with Trump's win, takes the long view Obama on Trump: This is fine Politico Morning Defense A daily briefing from inside Washington’s national security apparatus Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Armed Services panels look to fix Guard bonus By Jeremy Herb 10/26/16 08:30 AM EDT With Zach Montellaro, Connor O’Brien and Ellen Mitchell ARMED SERVICES PANELS LOOK TO INCLUDE CALIFORNIA TROOP BONUS FIX IN NDAA: The Pentagon's controversial move to claw back improper reenlistment bonuses paid to members of the National Guard in California and around the country could see a legislative fix to halt the forced repayments when lawmakers return after the election to hammer out a final version of the National Defense Authorization Act. A House Armed Services aide tells Morning D a fix to the bonus issue will likely come up in conference negotiations on the defense policy bill. "Chairman [Mac] Thornberry and Sen. [John] McCain are discussing how they could adjust NDAA provisions to fix this issue," the aide said. Story Continued Below The committee aide also disputed the claim that Congress dropped the ball on a legislative fix for the issue two years ago. The Los Angeles Times reported that the California National Guard proposed a legislative fix to lawmakers. A list of the California National Guard's priorities for the fiscal 2015 NDAA, obtained by Morning D, requested legislative language related to "service-member debt relief equity." The document noted, "Thousands of soldiers have inadvertently incurred debt, through no fault of their own, because of faulty Army recruiting or accounting practices and malicious individuals," but makes no mention of the bonus recoupment. "There's no sense of the scope or direness of the problem," the HASC aide said of the document. "That it was their last priority and they did not pursue it in subsequent years certainly reinforces the view that it was not an urgent situation." A copy of the California Guard's legislative priorities for the fiscal 2015 NDAA is here, and a draft copy of the legislative fix, which would’ve required consistent debt relief procedures for active-duty service members and reservists, is here. — MORNING D THOUGHT BUBBLE: Eight California lawmakers from both parties sat on the House Armed Services Committee during the last Congress: Chairman Buck McKeon and Reps. Duncan Hunter, Paul Cook, Loretta Sanchez, Susan Davis, John Garamendi, Jackie Speier and Scott Peters. — MEANWHILE, THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT PANEL LAUNCHES BONUS PROBE, reports Travis Tritten of Stars and Stripes: "A House oversight committee on Tuesday launched an investigation into the Army National Guard reclaiming wartime re-enlistment bonuses. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform requested the service turn over all documents and audits related to it taking back the decade-old payments of $15,000 or more to soldiers who agreed to re-enlist for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Meanwhile, Defense Secretary Ash Carter said he has tasked a top Pentagon official to look into and resolve the bonus payments issue." — AND CARTER VOWS TO LOOK INTO IT, TOO, via The Washington Post’s Dan Lamothe: “Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter promised Tuesday to resolve the cases of thousands of Army National Guard soldiers who were ordered by the Defense Department to repay bonuses they received to enlist in the military. ‘We are going to look into and resolve it,’ he said, adding that Deputy Defense Secretary Robert O. Work is examining the situation. ‘It is a significant issue.’” HAPPY WEDNESDAY AND WELCOME TO MORNING DEFENSE, where we’re always on the lookout for tips, pitches and feedback. Email us at jherb@politico.com, and follow on Twitter @jeremyherb, @morningdefense and @politicopro. HAPPENING TODAY — HAGEL TALKS ARAB-U.S. DEFENSE COOPERATION: Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is among the speakers discussing Arab-U.S. defense cooperation at the annual two-day Arab-U.S. Policymakers Conference hosted by the National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations. McKeon, the former House Armed Services chairman, is also on the panel discussing defense cooperation this afternoon. BATTLE FOR MOSUL — CARTER SAYS RAQQA OPERATION TO BEGIN BEFORE MOSUL IS CAPTURED, writes Matthew Dalton and Gordon Lubold of The Wall Street Journal: “The U.S. and its allies are preparing to launch the invasion of Islamic State’s Raqqa stronghold before the recapture of Mosul in Iraq is complete, Carter said on Tuesday, signaling new urgency to prevent militants from regrouping in Syria. U.S. officials hope to start the invasion of Raqqa as soon as the coming weeks, provided the Mosul campaign proceeds as planned, though the push for the militant group’s de facto capital in Syria remains complicated by regional political sensitivities that haven’t appeared in the fight for Mosul.” — CARTER LANDS IN BRUSSELS: The defense secretary is in Brussels today for a NATO ministerial meeting on the last leg of his weeklong foreign trip. And the fight against the Islamic State in both Iraq and Syria is sure to be a chief topic among the defense ministers. NATO is also seeking troops on its eastern Flank to deter Russia, Reuters reports. — IRAQ’S ELITE FORCES PAUSE NEAR MOSUL, writes Reuters’ Stephen Kalin and Maher Chmaytelli: “An elite unit of the Iraqi army paused its weeklong advance on Mosul as it approached the city's eastern edge on Tuesday, waiting for other U.S.-backed forces to close in on Islamic State's last major urban stronghold in Iraq. On the ninth day of the offensive on Mosul, government forces and allied Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are still fighting their way towards the outer limits of the northern city, in the early stages of an assault which could become the biggest military operation in Iraq in over a decade.” THE FIGHT AWAY FROM MOSUL — IRAQI FORCES RETAKE WESTERN TOWN, reports Ben Kesling of the WSJ: “Iraqi security forces said Tuesday they had regained control of the town of Rutba after repelling a dayslong assault by Islamic State, an attack designed to divert forces from the U.S.-backed offensive to retake Mosul. The development in Anbar province some 400 miles southwest of Mosul comes after Iraqi forces overcame a similar onslaught this weekend by the terror group on the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.” TOP DOC — GAO DETAILS DENIAL OF BOEING’S BOMBER PROTEST: The Government Accountability Office has detailed its denial of Boeing's protest of the new Air Force Long-Range Strike Bomber contract, concluding that Northrop Grumman had proposed "substantially lower" development costs and "labor rate advantages." The GAO said in a partially redacted report that the Pentagon's evaluation was "reasonable and consistent" with terms in the B-21 bomber's solicitation and that the Air Force met with both bidders in "eight rounds of discussions" to discuss costs prior to the award. The Air Force awarded the B-21 contract to Northrop over a team of Boeing and Lockheed Martin in November 2015. Boeing quickly alleged that the Air Force selection process wasn't fair and that the service "unreasonably rejected" the company's cost data, as well as "failed to consider risks inherent in Northrop's approach that should have rendered Northrop's proposal unacceptable or significantly increased Northrop's evaluated cost." NDAA WATCH — DEMOCRATIC SENATORS SOUND OFF ON LGBT PROVISION: Forty-two of the 46 Democratic senators have signed onto a letter released Tuesday blasting language in the House National Defense Authorization Act that would strip away protections for individuals working for government contractors based on sexual orientation. The letter comes as House and Senate Armed Services leaders prepare to hammer out a final version of the massive defense policy bill in the lame-duck session of Congress after the Nov. 8 elections. While enough senators signed the letter to potentially filibuster the bill if the provision is included, the Senate letter does not make that specific threat. The language, added to the House bill by Rep. Steve Russell (R-Okla.), was one of the provisions included in the White House’s lengthy veto threat earlier this year. INDUSTRY INTEL — LOCKHEED INTERNATIONAL SALES TO HIT 25 PERCENT OF ANNUAL REVENUE: Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson said Tuesday the company's international sales are on track to account for 25 percent of annual revenue later this year and 30 percent in the next few years, driven largely by F-35 Joint Strike Fighter sales. Hewson said international sales contributed $9.6 billion to Lockheed's $46.1 billion total revenue in 2015, nearly 21 percent. The company set an objective several years ago to have its international business account for 25 percent of all sales. And Lockheed is "on track to exceed that goal later this year," thanks to its Sikorsky acquisition in November 2015, she told analysts during a conference call following Lockheed's release of its third-quarter financial results. VISUAL OF THE DAY — ‘THERE ARE NO MORE PLANES OF GLASS LEFT IN ALEPPO’: The WSJ offers a visual look at the destruction in the besieged Syrian city. SPEED READ — Islamic State fighters are suspected of capturing and killing dozens of civilians in a remote province in Afghanistan: Reuters — U.S. airstrikes in Afghanistan spike, already surpassing last year’s total: Reuters — How the Islamic State is using scorched-earth tactics as it retreats: The Washington Post — Iraqi forces have moved more than 1,000 people from villages near the front lines of Mosul: The Associated Press — Russia says humanitarian corridors out of Aleppo are still open: AP — Hillary Clinton sticks with Barack Obama’s strict lobbying rules — for now: POLITICO — The Pentagon’s ‘Terminator conundrum’: Robots that could kill on their own: The New York Times — How North Korea’s privileged few live: NYT — Director of National Intelligence James Clapper endorses dividing the NSA and Cyber Command: POLITICO Pro — Iran is opening up ties with the West, even as it moves aggressively to expand its influence in the region: NYT — The House prepares a vote on a 10-year renewal of the Iran Sanctions Act: Reuters — NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says the alliance will defend everyone, responding to Donald Trump’s charges that the U.S. would look at their defense spending first: WSJ — The attack on a police academy in Pakistan underscores a new security threat there from the Islamic State: WSJ — An Israeli civilian is killed by gunfire on the country’s border with Egypt: Reuters — A look at the Air Force’s “ultimate battle plane,” the AC-130J Ghostrider: Air Force Times — The U.N. highlights reports of mass killings and sexual enslavement in and around Mosul: The Guardian —The Defense Department is going after the services for failing to fully fund morale, welfare and recreation programs: Military Times — Norway approves a “limited rotational force presence” of roughly 330 Marines: Military.com — Arlington National Cemetery adopts a ban on pets: Stars and Stripes ** A message from the Aircraft Carrier Industrial Base Coalition: Congress Can Help Save Taxpayers Up To $500 Million: Buying materials in advance for the construction of the next two U.S. Navy Ford-class aircraft carriers, Enterprise (CVN 80) and the yet-to-be-named CVN 81, will save taxpayers up to $500 million over the course of their construction and will keep the industrial base strong. The advance purchase of construction materials will mean reduced construction costs and greater efficiency in construction. Learn more at acibc.org ** « View Archives Authors: Jeremy Herb jherb@politico.com @jeremyherb About The Author Jeremy Herb is a defense reporter for POLITICO Pro. Prior to joining POLITICO, he covered defense and national security for The Hill, and covered the Minnesota congressional delegation and 2012 Republican presidential primary as a Washington correspondent for the Minneapolis Star Tribune. Herb is a native of San Jose, Calif. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Santa Clara University and received a master’s degree from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters Trump allies object to Lewandowski Giuliani took money from Qatar, Venezuela, Iranian exiles GOP and Trump put deficit on back burner House Democrats delay leadership elections in blow to Pelosi Clinton’s lead in the popular vote passes 1 million Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision Pro-Israel groups avoid denouncing Bannon Morning Defense - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 View the Full Morning Defense Archives » Politico Magazine How Turnout-Only Politics Gave Us the 2016 Campaign—And a Historic Polling Upset By Lee Drutman The Trouble With the Electoral College By Timothy Noah Why Donald Trump Needs to Take a Salary By Rob Goodman The Resurgence of the Republicans? By Susan B. Glasser More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Boeing Q3 Profit Climbs, Raises 2016 Financial And Delivery Guidance BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 26.10.2016 | 14:33 (6 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Boeing Q3 Profit Climbs, Raises 2016 Financial And Delivery Guidance CHICAGO (dpa-AFX) - Boeing Co. (BA) reported a profit for the third-quarter climbed 34 percent from the the previous year, reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items, and timing of aircraft deliveries. But quarterly revenues declined 8 percent. The company raised its 2016 financial and delivery guidance reflecting higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Both earnings per share and revenue for the quarter beat analysts' expectations. 'Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders,' said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. In the pre-market trade, BA is trading at $141.48, up $2.46 or 1.77 percent. Separately, Boeing and Swiss International Air Lines confirmed a new order for one 777-300ER or Extended Range, valued at $339.6 million at list prices. The Swiss airline had previously ordered nine 777s and taken delivery of six this year as it continues to establish the 777-300ER as its flagship. Boeing now expects to deliver 745-750 commercial airplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740-745 airplanes. Revenue guidance for 2016 has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. Wall Street currently is looking for fiscal year 2016 earnings of $6.34 per share on annual revenues of $94.02 billion. Net earnings for the third-quarter increased 34 percent to $2.28 billion from the prior year's $1.70 billion, with earnings per share increasing to $3.60 from $2.47 in the same quarter last year. Core earnings per share for the quarter rose to $3.51 from $2.52 last year. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the company to report earnings of $2.62 per share for the third-quarter. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items. Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Quarterly revenues dropped 8% to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the prior year. Wall Street expected revenues of $23.64 billion for the third-quarter. Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume. Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Boeing Q3 Profit Climbs, Raises 2016 Financial And Delivery Guidance 10/26/2016 8:17 AM ET Boeing Co. (BA) reported a profit for the third-quarter climbed 34 percent from the the previous year, reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items, and timing of aircraft deliveries. But quarterly revenues declined 8 percent. The company raised its 2016 financial and delivery guidance reflecting higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Both earnings per share and revenue for the quarter beat analysts' expectations. "Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders," said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. In the pre-market trade, BA is trading at $141.48, up $2.46 or 1.77 percent. Separately, Boeing and Swiss International Air Lines confirmed a new order for one 777-300ER or Extended Range, valued at $339.6 million at list prices. The Swiss airline had previously ordered nine 777s and taken delivery of six this year as it continues to establish the 777-300ER as its flagship. Boeing now expects to deliver 745-750 commercial airplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740-745 airplanes. Revenue guidance for 2016 has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. Wall Street currently is looking for fiscal year 2016 earnings of $6.34 per share on annual revenues of $94.02 billion. Net earnings for the third-quarter increased 34 percent to $2.28 billion from the prior year's $1.70 billion, with earnings per share increasing to $3.60 from $2.47 in the same quarter last year. Core earnings per share for the quarter rose to $3.51 from $2.52 last year. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the company to report earnings of $2.62 per share for the third-quarter. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items. Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Quarterly revenues dropped 8% to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion in the prior year. Wall Street expected revenues of $23.64 billion for the third-quarter. Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume. Defense, Space & Security's third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties <<Previous        57 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Boeing Finalizes $1.32 Bln Order For Five 787-9 Dreamliners From Donghai Boeing Co. Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 10:30 AM ET EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Boeing Co. Q3 Earnings Report Boeing Co. Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 10:30 AM ET WTO Confirms EU Failed To Comply With Rulings On European Subsidies To Airbus Trade BA now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Boeing earnings soar 34% on taxes, solid deliveries The Chicago-based company reported nearly $2.3 billion net earnings in July, August and September, up from $1.7 billion. Post to Facebook Boeing earnings soar 34% on taxes, solid deliveries The Chicago-based company reported nearly $2.3 billion net earnings in July, August and September, up from $1.7 billion.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eLd21N {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Boeing earnings soar 34% on taxes, solid deliveries Bart Jansen , USA TODAY 9:14 a.m. EDT October 26, 2016 A Boeing 747-8i jet sits outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle, Wash. as the American airplane-maker celebrates its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016. (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special for USA TODAY) 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Boeing Co. reported a 34% rise in net earnings for the third quarter Wednesday based in part on favorable tax items and the timing of aircraft deliveries. The Chicago-based company reported nearly $2.3 billion in net earnings in July, August and September, up from $1.7 billion. Core earnings per share of $3.51 rose 39% from the same period a year earlier, beating the $2.62 per share predicted by analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence. The results beat analyst estimates even after a tax adjustment of 70 cents per share that analysts hadn’t anticipated. A tax settlement of 28 cents per share dating to 2012 had been announced and was included in the estimates. The earnings came on a 7.5% decline in revenue, to $23.9 billion. But costs and expenses also dropped 7.8%, to $19.9 billion. USA TODAY Qatar Air reveals Boeing jetliner deal worth up to $18.6 billion Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement that the results reflected solid performance across production of commercial and defense aircraft, while also positioning the company for the future. “We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts,” Muilenburg said. “We remain on track to deliver our full-year commitments.” Revenue from commercial airplanes declined 4%, to $17 billion, on lower planned delivery volume of 188 planes compared to 199 for the same period a year earlier, the company said. But Boeing said it began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner during the quarter, completed service-ready validation of the 737 MAX 8 and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The company booked 107 net orders during the quarter, with a backlog of 5,600 commercial plane orders valued at $409 billion. 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eLd21N
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Financial Report / Boeing & Northrop Boost 2016 Outlooks as General Dynamics Posts 3Q Earnings Beat Boeing & Northrop Boost 2016 Outlooks as General Dynamics Posts 3Q Earnings Beat Ross Wilkers October 26, 2016 Financial Report, News 1,000 Views Three of the world’s largest government contractors listed in both Executive Mosaic’s GovCon Index and the U.S. stock bellwether S&P 500 composite index released third quarter financial results before markets opened Wednesday. Boeing (NYSE: BA), General Dynamics (NYSE: GD) and Northrop Grumman (NYSE: NOC) all posted earnings per share figures above Wall Street’s expectations and two exceeded analyst forecasts for revenue. Boeing and Northrop also boosted full-year earnings and revenue guidance in their statements, while General Dynamics was due to update investors on its outlook in a conference call Wednesday morning before financial markets open. These three members of the U.S. government contracting’s “Big Five” stated their financial results a day after the world’s largest GovCon company Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) lifted its 2016 outlook and issued an initial 2017 forecast of an approximate 7-percent revenue increase. As of Tuesday’s close, the GovCon Index has climbed 6.43 percent since the start of the year and is up 5.64 percent over 12 months. By comparison, the S&P 500 has risen 4.85 percent on a year-to-date basis and added 3.28 percent for 52 weeks. Boeing (Also a Dow Jones Industrial Average stock): Earnings per share: $3.51 (with $0.98 from favorable tax items) beats Wall Street estimate of $2.62 Net income: $2.28 billion, up 34.12 percent from prior year period Revenue: $23.9 billion, down 7.55 percent, beats Wall Street estimate of $23.64 billion Guidance: Earnings raised to $6.80-$7.00 per share from prior $6.10-$6.30 outlook, Wall Street estimate at $6.34 Revenue raised to $93.5 billion-$95.5 billion from prior $93 billion-$95 billion outlook, Wall Street estimate at $94.01 billion Notes: Defense segment down 10.05 percent to $7.51 billion on fewer C-17 deliveries and F-15 volume Defense segment revenue represented 31.41 percent of total third quarter sales, down from 32.3 percent in same period last year Defense segment operating margin down to 10.4 percent from 12.2 percent in prior year period, includes $162 million charges on delays in the NASA Commercial Crew program Defense segment operating margin exceeds commercial airplane by 1 percent Defense segment revenue full-year outlook held at $28.5 billion-$29.5 billion Stock is down 6.20 percent from the year’s start and has declined 4.98 percent over 12 months General Dynamics: Earnings per share: $2.48 beats Wall Street estimate of $2.38 Net income: $688 million, down 6.14 percent from prior year period Revenue: $7.73 billion, down 8.26 percent, misses Wall Street estimate of $7.91 billion Guidance: Earnings of $9.70 per share versus Wall Street estimate of $9.73 Revenue at $31.6 billion-to-$31.8 billion versus Wall Street estimate of $31.5 billion Notes: Information systems and technology segment revenue up 5.4 percent to $2.34 billion Information systems and technology segment revenue represented 30.27 percent of total sales, up from 27.75 percent in prior year period Information systems and technology segment operating margin at 10.9 percent, up 1 percent from prior year period Total company operating margin at 13.8 percent compared to 12.9 percent in prior year period Stock is up 9.33 percent from the year’s start and has risen 3.63 percent over 12 months Northrop Grumman: Earnings: $3.35 per share beats Wall Street estimate of $2.81 Net income: $602 million, up 16.66 percent from prior year period Revenue: $6.15 billion, up 2.84 percent, beats Wall Street estimate of $6.02 billion Guidance: Earnings raised to $11.55-$11.75 from prior $10.75-$11.00 outlook, Wall Street estimate at $11.05 Revenue raised to $23.9-$24.1 billion from prior $23.5 billion-$24 billion outlook, Wall Street estimate at $23.84 billion Notes: Revenue increase driven by higher volume in F-35, E-2D, Triton and Global Hawk programs Operating margin at 13.4 percent compared to 13.3 percent in prior year period Operating margin forecast lifted to mid-high 12 percent from low 12 percent Third quarter share count down 4 percent year-over-year to 179.6 million shares Stock is up 14.33 percent from the year’s start and 22.30 percent over 12 months Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Big Five Boeing C-17 Commercial Crew Defense e-2d earnings F-15 F-35 GD General Dynamics Global Hawk govcon GovCon Index information systems and technology lmt Lockheed Martin NASA net income noc Northrop Grumman operating margin revenue S&P 500 sales triton wall street Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Economy Boeing 3rd-qtr profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue forecasts Boeing 3rd-qtr profit jumps; raises delivery and revenue forecasts Source : Last Updated: Wed, Oct 26, 2016 17:57 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print Boeing Co reported a 33.7 percent rise in quarterly profit on Wednesday and raised its commercial airplanes delivery forecast for the year, sending its shares higher. The world's largest jetliner maker expects to deliver 745 to 750 commercial airplanes, up from its previous forecast of 740 to 745. The additional planes would boost revenue by $500 million, prompting Boeing to raise its year-end revenue target to between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion. Boeing earned $2.28 billion, or $3.60 per share, in the third quarter, compared with $1.70 billion, or $2.47 per share, a year earlier. Core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, rose to $3.51 per share from $2.52. Both figures included a special gain of 70 cents a share, reflecting a tax benefit Boeing received by claiming more depreciation on plants and equipment than it had previously. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion from $25.85 billion. Boeing shares were up 1.4 percent at $140.99 in premarket trading. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Boeing Reports Third-Quarter Results and Raises Full Year Guidance * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing’s non-GAAP measures are on page 6, “Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures.”      The Boeing Company [NYSE: BA] reported third-quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* of $3.51 reflecting overall solid execution on production programs and services, favorable tax items ($0.98 per share), and timing of aircraft deliveries (Table 1). Revenue guidance has been increased $500 million to between $93.5 and $95.5 billion on higher commercial deliveries. GAAP earnings per share guidance for 2016 has been increased to between $7.10 and $7.30 from $6.40 and $6.60 and core earnings per share (non-GAAP)* guidance has been increased to between $6.80 and $7.00 from $6.10 and $6.30 to reflect a favorable $0.70 per share tax basis adjustment. The third quarter favorable tax adjustment for a 2011-2012 tax settlement of $0.28 per share was previously announced in the second quarter of 2016 and was reflected in prior guidance. “Solid operating performance across our commercial and defense and space businesses in the third quarter again generated strong cash flow for Boeing, which continues to fuel investments in our future and enable us to deliver compelling returns to our shareholders,” said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg. “We also captured key orders, reinforcing the strength of our large and diverse order backlog.” “We achieved key milestones on the 737 MAX, 787-10 and other development programs, including the first KC-46 production contracts. Our teams remain focused on completing these development efforts and delivering better capabilities and economics to customers around the world.” “We remain on track to deliver on our full-year commitments. At the same time, we are positioning Boeing for further growth through our intense focus on productivity, quality and safety across the company.”    Table 2. Cash Flow Third Quarter Nine months (Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Operating Cash Flow $3,202 $2,859 $7,667 $6,244 Less Additions to Property, Plant & Equipment ($595) ($561) ($2,014) ($1,827) Free Cash Flow* $2,607 $2,298 $5,653 $4,417 * Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing’s non-GAAP measures are on page 6, “Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures.”      Operating cash flow in the quarter was $3.2 billion, reflecting solid operating performance (Table 2). During the quarter, the company repurchased 7.6 million shares for $1.0 billion, leaving $7.5 billion remaining under the current repurchase authorization. The company also paid $0.7 billion in dividends in the quarter, reflecting an approximately 20 percent increase in dividends per share compared to the same period of the prior year. Table 3. Cash, Marketable Securities and Debt Balances Quarter-End (Billions) Q3 16 Q2 16 Cash $9.0 $8.6 Marketable Securities1 $0.7 $0.7 Total $9.7 $9.3 Debt Balances: The Boeing Company, net of intercompany loans to BCC $8.1 $8.7 Boeing Capital, including intercompany loans $2.4 $2.3 Total Consolidated Debt $10.5 $11.0 1Marketable securities consists primarily of time deposits due within one year classified as “short-term investments.” Cash and investments in marketable securities totaled $9.7 billion, up from $9.3 billion at the beginning of the quarter. Debt was $10.5 billion, down from the beginning of the quarter, due to repayment of debt (Table 3). Total company backlog at quarter-end was $462 billion, down from $472 billion at the beginning of the quarter, and included net orders for the quarter of $15 billion. Segment Results Commercial Airplanes Table 4. Commercial Airplanes Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 188 199 (6)% 563 580 (3)% Revenues $16,973 $17,692 (4)% $48,828 $49,950 (2)% Earnings from Operations $1,597 $1,768 (10)% $1,657 $4,591 (64)% Operating Margin 9.4% 10.0% (0.6) Pts 3.4% 9.2% (5.8) Pts Commercial Airplanes third-quarter revenue decreased to $17.0 billion on lower planned delivery volume (Table 4). Third-quarter operating margin was 9.4 percent, reflecting delivery volume and mix, partially offset by lower period costs. During the quarter, we began production of the 500th 787 Dreamliner, completed service ready validation of the 737 MAX 8, and began production of the 737 MAX 9. The 737 program has captured more than 3,300 orders for the 737 MAX since launch and the company remains on track to raise the production rate to 47 per month in the third quarter of 2017. During the quarter, we continued to grow our services business through an agreement with Japan Airlines to provide spare parts solutions. Commercial Airplanes booked 107 net orders during the quarter. Backlog remains strong with more than 5,600 airplanes valued at $409 billion. Defense, Space & Security Table 5. Defense, Space & Security Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 Change 2016 2015 Change Revenues1 Boeing Military Aircraft $3,260 $4,037 (19)% $9,898 $10,237 (3)% Network & Space Systems $1,701 $2,127 (20)% $5,246 $5,797 (10)% Global Services & Support $2,547 $2,186 17% $7,494 $6,569 14% Total BDS Revenues $7,508 $8,350 (10)% $22,638 $22,603 — Earnings from Operations1 Boeing Military Aircraft $434 $494 (12)% $943 $874 8% Network & Space Systems $35 $245 (86)% $336 $563 (40)% Global Services & Support $315 $283 11% $920 $874 5% Total BDS Earnings from Operations $784 $1,022 (23)% $2,199 $2,311 (5)% Operating Margin 10.4% 12.2% (1.8) Pts 9.7% 10.2% (0.5) Pts 1 During the first quarter of 2016, certain programs were realigned between Boeing Military Aircraft and Global Services & Support. Defense, Space & Security’s third-quarter revenue was $7.5 billion. Third-quarter operating margin was 10.4 percent, reflecting solid execution and the impact of the Commercial Crew program (Table 5). Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) third-quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, reflecting fewer C-17 deliveries and volume on F-15. Operating margin increased to 13.3 percent, reflecting program mix. During the quarter, BMA was awarded a contract from the U.S. Air Force for low-rate initial production of 19 KC-46 Tanker aircraft and received an agreement from the U.K. Ministry of Defence to purchase 50 Apache attack helicopters and nine P-8 Poseidon aircraft. Network & Space Systems (N&SS) third-quarter revenue decreased to $1.7 billion with an operating margin of 2.1 percent, primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew development program. The charge includes a $124 million reversal of cumulative pre-tax earnings recorded in prior periods and a $38 million pre-tax reach-forward loss, and was largely driven by delays in completion of engineering and supply chain activities. During the quarter, N&SS announced an award for a 702MP satellite with a new digital payload offering twice the capacity of previous designs. Global Services & Support (GS&S) third-quarter revenue increased to $2.5 billion, reflecting higher volume in Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment and Training Systems & Government Services. Operating margin was 12.4 percent largely reflecting contract mix. During the quarter, GS&S was awarded contracts from the Defense Logistics Agency for F/A-18 spare parts. Backlog at Defense, Space & Security was $53 billion, of which 38 percent represents orders from international customers. Additional Financial Information Table 6. Additional Financial Information Third Quarter Nine months (Dollars in Millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues Boeing Capital $63 $114 $211 $315 Unallocated items, eliminations and other ($646) ($307) ($392) ($327) Earnings from Operations Boeing Capital $13 $10 $36 $41 Unallocated pension/postretirement $88 ($57) $251 ($200) Other unallocated items and eliminations ($200) ($163) ($492) ($461) Other income/(loss), net $2 ($26) $41 ($23) Interest and debt expense ($81) ($67) ($227) ($203) Effective tax rate (3.4)% 31.5% 5.8% 31.5% At quarter-end, Boeing Capital’s net portfolio balance was $3.7 billion, up from the beginning of the quarter. Total pension expense for the third quarter was $453 million, down from $529 million in the same period of the prior year. Other unallocated items and eliminations revenue decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the elimination of intercompany revenue for three aircraft delivered under operating leases. The effective tax rate for the third quarter decreased from the same period in the prior year primarily due to the favorable $440 million tax basis adjustment and the previously announced $177 million for the 2011-2012 tax settlement. Outlook The company’s 2016 updated financial and delivery guidance (Table 7) reflects higher commercial deliveries and the impact of the tax basis adjustment. Table 7. 2016 Financial Outlook Current Prior (Dollars in Billions, except per share data) Guidance Guidance The Boeing Company Revenue $93.5 – 95.5 $93.0 – 95.0 GAAP Earnings Per Share $7.10 – 7.30 $6.40 – 6.60 Core Earnings Per Share* $6.80 – 7.00 $6.10 – 6.30 Operating Cash Flow ~$10.0 ~$10.0 Commercial Airplanes Deliveries 745 – 750 740 – 745 Revenue $64.5 – 65.5 $64.0 – 65.0 Operating Margin 4.5% – 5.0 4.5% – 5.0 Defense, Space & Security Revenue Boeing Military Aircraft ~$12.4 ~$12.3 Network & Space Systems ~$7.0 ~$7.3 Global Services & Support ~$9.6 ~$9.4 Total BDS Revenue $28.5 – 29.5 $28.5 – 29.5 Operating Margin Boeing Military Aircraft ~9.5% ~9.5% Network & Space Systems ~7.5% ~9.0% Global Services & Support ~12.5% ~12.0% Total BDS Operating Margin >10.0% >10.0% Boeing Capital Portfolio Size Stable Stable Revenue ~$0.3 ~$0.3 Pre-Tax Earnings ~$0.05 ~$0.05 Research & Development ~ $4.8 ~ $4.8 Capital Expenditures ~ $2.8 ~ $2.8 Pension Expense 1 ~ $2.1 ~ $2.1 Effective Tax Rate ~ 14.0% ~ 23.0% 1 Approximately ($0.1) billion is expected to be recorded in unallocated items and eliminations *    Non-GAAP measures. Complete definitions of Boeing’s non-GAAP measures are on page 6, “Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures.” Non-GAAP Measures Disclosures We supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) with certain non-GAAP financial information. The non-GAAP financial information presented excludes certain significant items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing business operations. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide investors with additional insight into the company’s ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. We encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. The following definitions are provided: Core Operating Earnings, Core Operating Margin and Core Earnings Per Share Core operating earnings is defined as GAAP earnings from operations excluding unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Core operating margin is defined as core operating earnings expressed as a percentage of revenue. Core earnings per share is defined as GAAP diluted earnings per share excluding the net earnings per share impact of unallocated pension and post-retirement expense. Unallocated pension and post-retirement expense represents the portion of pension and other post-retirement costs that are not recognized by business segments for segment reporting purposes. Pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (GAAP) are allocated to Commercial Airplanes. Pension costs allocated to BDS segments are computed in accordance with U.S. Government Cost Accounting Standards (CAS), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than GAAP. CAS costs are allocable to government contracts. Other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on CAS, which is generally based on benefits paid. Management uses core operating earnings, core operating margin and core earnings per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. Management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as they exclude unallocated pension and post-retirement costs, which primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to government contracts. A reconciliation between the GAAP and non-GAAP measures is provided on page 13. Free Cash Flow Free cash flow is defined as GAAP operating cash flow without capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment additions. Management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available for shareholders, debt repayment, and acquisitions after making the capital investments required to support ongoing business operations and long term value creation. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of maturing debt. Management uses free cash flow as a measure to assess both business performance and overall liquidity. Table 2 provides a reconciliation between GAAP operating cash flow and free cash flow. Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “intends,” “projects,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “targets,” “anticipates,” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future financial condition and operating results, as well as any other statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Among these factors are risks related to: (1) general conditions in the economy and our industry, including those due to regulatory changes; (2) our reliance on our commercial airline customers; (3) the overall health of our aircraft production system, planned production rate increases across multiple commercial airline programs, our commercial development and derivative aircraft programs, and our aircraft being subject to stringent performance and reliability standards; (4) changing budget and appropriation levels and acquisition priorities of the U.S. government; (5) our dependence on U.S. government contracts; (6) our reliance on fixed-price contracts; (7) our reliance on cost-type contracts; (8) uncertainties concerning contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments; (9) our dependence on our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials, (10) changes in accounting estimates; (11) changes in the competitive landscape in our markets; (12) our non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (13) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (14) customer and aircraft concentration in Boeing Capital’s customer financing portfolio; (15) changes in our ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates in order to fund our operations and contractual commitments; (16) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures; (17) the adequacy of our insurance coverage to cover significant risk exposures; (18) potential business disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, sanctions or natural disasters; (19) work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (20) significant changes in discount rates and actual investment return on pension assets; (21) potential environmental liabilities; and (22) threats to the security of our or our customers’ information. Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Contact: Investor Relations: Troy Lahr or Ben Hackman (312) 544-2140 Communications: Bernard Choi (312) 544-2002 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Sales of products $63,563 $64,408 $21,494 $23,000 Sales of services 7,722 8,133 2,404 2,849 Total revenues 71,285 72,541 23,898 25,849 Cost of products (55,117) (55,020) (17,907) (19,393) Cost of services (6,163) (6,377) (1,983) (2,191) Boeing Capital interest expense (46) (49) (14) (16) Total costs and expenses (61,326) (61,446) (19,904) (21,600) 9,959 11,095 3,994 4,249 Income from operating investments, net 220 207 69 78 General and administrative expense (2,617) (2,594) (923) (889) Research and development expense, net (3,901) (2,426) (857) (857) (Loss)/gain on dispositions, net (10) (1) (1) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Basic earnings per share $5.09 $5.99 $3.64 $2.50 Diluted earnings per share $5.04 $5.92 $3.60 $2.47 Cash dividends paid per share $3.27 $2.73 $1.09 $0.91 Weighted average diluted shares (millions) 647.9 700.9 632.7 689.0 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (Unaudited)  (Dollars in millions, except per share data) September 30 2016 December 31 2015 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $8,986 $11,302 Short-term and other investments 682 750 Accounts receivable, net 9,524 8,713 Current portion of customer financing, net 365 212 Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 42,680 47,257 Total current assets 62,237 68,234 Customer financing, net 3,401 3,358 Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $16,752 and $16,286 12,713 12,076 Goodwill 5,128 5,126 Acquired intangible assets, net 2,488 2,657 Deferred income taxes 265 265 Investments 1,303 1,284 Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $470 and $451 1,415 1,408 Total assets $88,950 $94,408 Liabilities and equity Accounts payable $11,968 $10,800 Accrued liabilities 13,243 14,014 Advances and billings in excess of related costs 22,646 24,364 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 632 1,234 Total current liabilities 48,489 50,412 Deferred income taxes 2,211 2,392 Accrued retiree health care 6,544 6,616 Accrued pension plan liability, net 18,003 17,783 Other long-term liabilities 1,729 2,078 Long-term debt 9,824 8,730 Shareholders’ equity: Common stock, par value $5.00 – 1,200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,012,261,159 shares issued 5,061 5,061 Additional paid-in capital 4,808 4,834 Treasury stock, at cost – 393,301,648 and 345,637,354 shares (35,763) (29,568) Retained earnings 40,641 38,756 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (12,658) (12,748) Total shareholders’ equity 2,089 6,335 Noncontrolling interests 61 62 Total equity 2,150 6,397 Total liabilities and equity $88,950 $94,408 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 Cash flows – operating activities: Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Non-cash items –  Share-based plans expense 144 141 Depreciation and amortization 1,364 1,349 Investment/asset impairment charges, net 61 124 Customer financing valuation benefit (5) (3) Loss on dispositions, net 10 Other charges and credits, net 219 230 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) Changes in assets and liabilities –  Accounts receivable (517) (1,202) Inventories, net of advances and progress billings 4,334 (2,186) Accounts payable 1,366 1,058 Accrued liabilities 82 (196) Advances and billings in excess of related costs (1,717) 270 Income taxes receivable, payable and deferred (725) 824 Other long-term liabilities (67) 40 Pension and other postretirement plans 144 1,837 Customer financing, net (195) 45 Other (95) (98) Net cash provided by operating activities 7,667 6,244 Cash flows – investing activities: Property, plant and equipment additions (2,014) (1,827) Property, plant and equipment reductions 14 24 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (23) Contributions to investments (928) (1,341) Proceeds from investments 956 2,169 Other 8 33 Net cash used by investing activities (1,964) (965) Cash flows – financing activities: New borrowings 1,323 761 Debt repayments (836) (864) Stock options exercised 192 331 Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 Employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements (83) (93) Common shares repurchased (6,501) (6,001) Dividends paid (2,084) (1,882) Other (24) Net cash used by financing activities (8,013) (7,609) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (6) (20) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (2,316) (2,350) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 11,302 11,733 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $8,986 $9,383 The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Summary of Business Segment Data (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 (Dollars in millions) 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Commercial Airplanes $48,828 $49,950 $16,973 $17,692 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 9,898 10,237 3,260 4,037 Network & Space Systems 5,246 5,797 1,701 2,127 Global Services & Support 7,494 6,569 2,547 2,186 Total Defense, Space & Security 22,638 22,603 7,508 8,350 Boeing Capital 211 315 63 114 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (392) (327) (646) (307) Total revenues $71,285 $72,541 $23,898 $25,849 Earnings from operations: Commercial Airplanes $1,657 $4,591 $1,597 $1,768 Defense, Space & Security: Boeing Military Aircraft 943 874 434 494 Network & Space Systems 336 563 35 245 Global Services & Support 920 874 315 283 Total Defense, Space & Security 2,199 2,311 784 1,022 Boeing Capital 36 41 13 10 Segment operating profit 3,892 6,943 2,394 2,800 Unallocated items, eliminations and other (241) (661) (112) (220) Earnings from operations 3,651 6,282 2,282 2,580 Other income/(loss), net 41 (23) 2 (26) Interest and debt expense (227) (203) (81) (67) Earnings before income taxes 3,465 6,056 2,203 2,487 Income tax (expense)/benefit (201) (1,906) 76 (783) Net earnings $3,264 $4,150 $2,279 $1,704 Research and development expense, net: Commercial Airplanes $3,194 $1,713 $646 $616 Defense, Space & Security 750 715 229 241 Other (43) (2) (18) Total research and development expense, net $3,901 $2,426 $857 $857 Unallocated items, eliminations and other Share-based plans ($50) ($57) ($9) ($20) Deferred compensation (38) (10) (33) 38 Amortization of previously capitalized interest (71) (70) (23) (21) Eliminations and other unallocated items (333) (324) (135) (160) Sub-total (included in core operating earnings) (492) (461) (200) (163) Pension 129 (293) 50 (84) Postretirement 122 93 38 27 Total unallocated items, eliminations and other ($241) ($661) ($112) ($220) The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Operating and Financial Data (Unaudited) Deliveries Nine months ended September 30 Three months ended September 30 Commercial Airplanes 2016 2015 2016 2015 737 368 375 120 126 747 8 (3) 13 (1) 5 (3) 4 (1) 767 10 14 5 5 777 73 77 22 27 787 104 101 36 37 Total 563 580 188 199 Note: Deliveries under operating lease are identified by parentheses. Defense, Space & Security Boeing Military Aircraft AH-64 Apache (New) 25 18 10 6 AH-64 Apache (Remanufactured) 27 33 9 10 C-17 Globemaster III 4 5 2 CH-47 Chinook (New) 17 35 7 14 CH-47 Chinook (Renewed) 23 6 7 1 F-15 Models 11 8 4 3 F/A-18 Models 20 28 6 8 P-8 Models 13 10 4 4 Global Services & Support C-40A 1 Network & Space Systems Commercial and Civil Satellites 3 1 2 Military Satellites 2 1 1 Contractual backlog (Dollars in billions) September 30 2016 December 31 2015 Commercial Airplanes $408.8 $431.4 Defense, Space & Security:        Boeing Military Aircraft 20.8 19.9        Network & Space Systems 6.5 7.4        Global Services & Support 12.8 17.9 Total Defense, Space & Security 40.1 45.2 Total contractual backlog $448.9 $476.6 Unobligated backlog $13.1 $12.7 Total backlog $462.0 $489.3 Workforce 154,700 161,400   The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures (Unaudited) The tables provided below reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures core operating earnings, core operating margin, and core earnings per share with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, earnings from operations, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share. See page 6 of this release for additional information on the use of these non-GAAP financial measures. (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Third Quarter Nine months Guidance 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 Revenues $23,898 $25,849 $71,285 $72,541 GAAP Earnings From Operations $2,282 $2,580 $3,651 $6,282 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings From Operations (12%) (42%) GAAP Operating Margin 9.5% 10.0% 5.1% 8.7% Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($50) $84 ($129) $293 Unallocated Other Postretirement Benefit Income ($38) ($27) ($122) ($93) Unallocated Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($88) $57 ($251) $200 ~($300) Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) $2,194 $2,637 $3,400 $6,482 Increase/(Decrease) in Core Operating Earnings (non-GAAP) (17%) (48%) Core Operating Margin (non-GAAP) 9.2% 10.2% 4.8% 8.9% GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share $3.60 $2.47 $5.04 $5.92 $7.10 – $7.30 Unallocated Pension (Income)/Expense ($0.08) $0.12 ($0.20) $0.42 Unallocated Postretirement Benefit (Income)/Expense ($0.06) ($0.04) ($0.19) ($0.13) ($0.30) Provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (1) $0.05 ($0.03) $0.14 ($0.10) Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) $3.51 $2.52 $4.79 $6.11 $6.80 – $7.00 Weighted Average Diluted Shares (millions) 632.7 689.0 647.9 700.9 645 – 650 Increase/(Decrease) in GAAP Earnings Per Share 46% (15%) Increase/(Decrease) in Core Earnings Per Share (non-GAAP) 39% (22%) (1) The income tax impact is calculated using the tax rate in effect for the non-GAAP adjustments.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-reports-third-quarter-results-and-raises-full-year-guidance-300351222.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com Author MarcinPosted on October 26, 2016October 26, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Fujifilm Lança ELUXEO ™ – Os Sistemas de Endoscopia de Próxima Geração, Apresentando a Tecnologia Única 4-LED Multi Light ™ Next Next post: Race Ramps to Feature High Five Tour’s 2016 Shelby GT350 at SEMA Show Search for: Search Recent Posts Clorox Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend of 80 Cents Per Share Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Investigated For Securities Fraud By Block & Leviton After Announcing Restatement Of Financial Results ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead Oct 26, 2016 The Associated Press   0 CHICAGO – Boeing’s third-quarter profit rose 34 per cent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. Boeing said it earned $2.28 billion, up from $1.70 billion a year ago, even though revenue declined 7.5 per cent. The Chicago-based company said that excluding one-time items and a tax-bases adjustment that had not previously been disclosed, it would have earned $2.81 per share. That beat the average forecast of 10 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research, who expected $2.62 per share. Revenue fell to $23.90 billion in the quarter but also beat the Zacks forecast. Boeing said it expects full-year earnings from its core businesses to range between $6.80 and $7 per share, an increase of 70 cents to reflect the previously unannounced tax-basis benefit. It forecast revenue will be between $93.5 billion and $95.5 billion, an increase of $500 million from a previous prediction. Analysts were expected $94.01 billion, according to FactSet. The company delivered 563 non-military planes in the first nine months of 2016, including 188 in the third quarter. While that pace is down slightly from 2015, the company still has a huge backlog of orders — more than 5,600 orders for planes with a combined list price of $409 billion. It added 107 orders in the third quarter. Boeing expects to deliver 745 to 750 airliners this year, up five from its previous prediction. Boeing’s effective tax rate in the third quarter was a negative 3.4 per cent and compared with a rate of 31.5 per cent in the same period a year ago. For all of 2016, the company expects an effective tax rate of 14 per cent, down from 23 per cent last year. Shares of Boeing Co. rose 8 cents to $139.10 in trading before Wednesday’s opening bell. At Tuesday’s close they were down 4 per cent in 2016. ___ Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on BA at http://www.zacks.com/ap/BA ___ Keywords: Boeing, Earnings Report, Priority Earnings shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Boeing's stock surges after profit rises well above expectations By Tomi Kilgore Published: Oct 26, 2016 7:39 a.m. ET Share By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Shares of Boeing Co. BA, -1.25% surged 3.4% in premarket trade Wednesday, after the aerospace and defense contractor beat third-quarter profit and sales expectations, and raised its outlook. Earnings rose to $2.3 billion, or $3.60 a share, from $1.7 billion, or $2.47 a share, in the same period a year ago, boosted by favorable tax items. Excluding non-recurring items, adjusted earnings per share came to $3.51, well above the FactSet consensus of $2.61. Revenue fell 8% to $23.9 billion from $25.8 billion, but beat the FactSet consensus of $23.6 billion. The company raised its 2016 adjusted EPS outlook to $7.10 to $7.30 from $6.40 to $6.60, and lifted its revenue outlook to $93.5 billion to $95.5 billion from $93.0 billion to $95.0 billion. The stock has lost 3.9% eyar to date through Tuesday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29% has gained 4.3%. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews

Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Industry Global Production,Growth,Share,Demand and Applications Market Research Report to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On -"Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Industry Global Production,Growth,Share,Demand and Applications Market Research Report to 2021". Pune, India - October 26, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market 2016 The report provides a basic overview including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure and development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report studies Missiles and Missile Defense Systems in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Raytheon MBDA Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Lockheed Martin Corporation Boeing Kongsberg Defense Systems Saab BAE Systems Northrop Grumman Alliant Techsystems Rheinmetall Defense Aerojet Rocketdyne BrahMos Aerospace Thales Bharat Dynamics Denel Dynamics Mectron Sagem Makeyev Design Bureau Tactical Missiles Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/713443-global-missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-market-research-report-2016 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/713443-global-missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-market-research-report-2016 Table Of Contents - Major Key Points Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Research Report 2016 1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems 1.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Type I 1.2.3 Type II 1.2.4 Type III 1.3 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Segment by Application 1.3.1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Missiles and Missile Defense Systems (2011-2021) 2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion .......... 7 Global Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Raytheon 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Type I 7.1.2.2 Type II 7.1.3 Raytheon Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 MBDA 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Type I 7.2.2.2 Type II 7.2.3 MBDA Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Rafael Advanced Defense Systems 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Type I 7.3.2.2 Type II 7.3.3 Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Lockheed Martin Corporation 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Type I 7.4.2.2 Type II 7.4.3 Lockheed Martin Corporation Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Boeing 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Type I 7.5.2.2 Type II 7.5.3 Boeing Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Kongsberg Defense Systems 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Type I 7.6.2.2 Type II 7.6.3 Kongsberg Defense Systems Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Saab 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Missiles and Missile Defense Systems Product Type, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Type I 7.7.2.2 Type II ........CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Enquiry Before Buying Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/713443-global-missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-market-research-report-2016 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/missiles-and-missile-defense-systems-industry-global-productiongrowthsharedemand-and-applications-market-research-report-to-2021/141189 Release ID: 141189 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Idealbite.com Publishes a How-To Guide on Burpees for Fitness Enthusiasts (Tue 15th Nov 16) 3 Things To Expect When Vanish Mold Launches In November 2016 (Tue 15th Nov 16) Native Spring's New Kichen Gadget Is Set To Launch This November (Tue 15th Nov 16) New Radon Testing and Mitigation YouTube Channel Launches For Homeowners (Tue 15th Nov 16) Dr. Gulia Omene Introduces Botox and Dermal Fillers to Her Practice (Tue 15th Nov 16) 50 Assorted Art Drawing Pencils By Colore Is Now Available On Amazon (Tue 15th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Bumpy switch to new models hits Airbus Group’s profits But company broadly maintains full-year financial forecasts Wed, Oct 26, 2016, 11:14 Updated: Wed, Oct 26, 2016, 13:13 An Airbus A350 aircraft. The company is having difficulties in the supply chain for its production. Photograph: Dario Pignatelli/Bloomberg         Airbus Group posted lower than expected third-quarter profits on Wednesday, led by a faltering performance in its core commercial jet division and continued weakness in the commercial helicopter market, but broadly maintained its full-year financial forecasts. Europe’s largest aerospace group, which includes the world’s second-largest jetmaker behind Boeing, said quarterly operating profit before one-off items fell 21 per cent to €731 million. Revenue fell 1 per cent to €13.95 billion. The commercial jets unit saw a 26 per cent slump in its profits despite 4 per cent higher revenue, with the company highlighting difficulties in the supply chain for the production of its new A350 and A320neo jets. Profits at Airbus Helicopters fell 29 per cent. The results were below average forecasts, though the company had earlier sought to dampen analyst expectations as it makes a tricky transition to producing new aircraft models, according to market sources. Airbus shares were lower in initial trading on Wednesday but were trading 1.1 per cent higher at €54 by 0847 GMT. Analysts had on average forecast quarterly core operating earnings would be down 19.3 per cent at €743 million on revenue up 1.9 per cent, according to a Reuters survey. But finance director Harald Wilhelm dismissed concerns over the aerospace business cycle, saying more airlines were trying to get planes earlier than those that wanted to cancel or defer orders. “The commercial situation continues to be robust,” he told reporters. Airbus has struggled to switch to producing a new neo version of the A320 narrowbody airliners due to delayed deliveries of engines from Pratt & Whitney. The company said it had now received “firm commitments” from engine makers that they would meet the A320neo schedule but the mix of higher-priced A320neos in total A320 deliveries was was weaker than expected. ADVERTISEMENT Meanwhile deliveries of the new A350 widebody jets have also been held up, by problems with the supply of cabin equipment. However, Airbus expressed greater confidence that it could bringing down costs for the A350 and said it was working towards meeting its target of more than 50 A350 deliveries in 2016, having delivered 29 so far, including three this month. Several analysts said after the report that the company had managed to squeeze out significant risk from the A350, Airbus’s answer to the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and also a rival to the 777. However, there are still questions over how quickly A350 production can be increased in 2017. Mr Wilhelm told analysts suppliers were “not yet where they need to be”. “This is not the time to celebrate success. We need to be totally focused,” he said. Mr Wilhelm also issued a warning to suppliers involved in mergers that they should not let dealmaking divert attention from executing on contracts to prevent new slip-ups. He was responding to a $6.4 billion deal earlier this week for Rockwell Collins to buy B/E Aerospace, one of the largest makers of aircraft seats and cabin equipment. Nevertheless Airbus reaffirmed its full-year financial forecasts, including stable operating earnings and free cashflow before M&A activity, along with more than 650 jet deliveries. Mr Wilhelm later told reporters Airbus now expected to beat this last target with over 670 deliveries. However, it abandoned a previous target of regaining access to European export credit financing this quarter, which means it may have to step in with more financing to airlines. Its annual cashflow target now excludes any impact from this. The system of export credits, which underpins 6 per cent of deliveries, was suspended in April in a row over transparency on the use of middlemen which triggered a UK corruption probe. The delay confirms a Reuters report last month that the export credits were unlikely to reappear this year. Airbus offered €545 million of financing to airlines to underwrite deliveries in the first nine months, up from €117 million a year earlier. Mr Wilhelm said this could grow in the fourth quarter but would “not be double”, adding Airbus was in “constructive talks” with export agencies. Rival Boeing is expected to announce higher quarterly earnings on lower revenue later on Wednesday. Reuters       Topics: Harald Wilhelm Airbus Boeing Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Technology Snapchat has secretly filed for flotation, sources claim Personal Finance The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of International 1:28 RWC 2023: Ireland ready to stage a tournament ‘like no other’ Ireland The top five spots in Dublin to go for a walk with the kids Sponsored World-first tech restores mains electricity to Aran Islands Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Snapchat has secretly filed for flotation, sources claim 22:06 Three’s revenues rise in first full reporting year since O2 buyout 19:20 Lidl seeks tenants to open beside it in Tallaght in 2017 19:00 Global bond markets rebound as euro-dollar parity bets soar 18:52 European shares edge up as oil rallies 18:21 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Sorry millennials: Buying a home was just as hard for your parents 2 Aer Lingus and Ryanair could agree to passenger transfers 3 Global bond markets rebound as euro-dollar parity bets soar 4 UK faces hefty Brexit bill as EU negotiators take tough stance 5 Laura Slattery: Media record is stained but it is Trump who is appalling 6 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 7 Dublin’s development plan short on density 8 How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features 9 Craft beer makers raise a glass as production levels soar 10 New Appian fund plans to invest €50m in Irish property Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 16/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out

null
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV Breaking News Will President-elect Trump’s first act in office benefit aviation? IAG boss sees place for A380 in Iberia and Aer Lingus fleets Durban is taking off in lasting World Routes hosting legacy Etihad Airways closes Sao Paulo reservations from late-March 2017 KLM Resumes Freetown / Monrovia service from March 2017 View All Boeing 787 celebrates five years of scheduled service World Routes 2017 News Header Boeing 787 celebrates five years of scheduled service Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Posted 26 October 2016 00:05 Laura Hamill Content Executive, Routesonline LinkedIn Twitter Follow @routesonline 5,877 followers Japanese carrier All Nippon Airways (ANA) began operations of the Dreamliner on October 26, 2011. The airline currently has the largest 787 fleet with 52 aircraft, receiving their 50th in mid-August. This week, Boeing’s revolutionary 787 aircraft has been in commercial use for five years. The Dreamliner was designed in order to be around 20 percent more fuel efficient than the 767 model which it had been slated to replace. Boeing had two options at hand to replace the ageing 767 model. Their first option for a new aircraft took the approach of creating a sub-sonic cruiser that would use around the same fuel economy as a 767, but would be able to dramatically reduce journey times. The other option was to create an up-sized version of the 747, to be named the 747X, intended to compete with the Airbus A380. The sub-cruiser fit the market best, but once the events of September 11 2001 occurred, the market changed dramatically. Boeing came up with the concept of the 787 which is a much more fuel efficient aircraft. This was deemed a more important aspect to the industry with fuel prices rising following the 9/11 attacks, as opposed to a model which was able to reduce journey times. Back in April 2004, ANA became the launch customer of the aircraft placing a firm order for 50 aircraft. By the following year, commitments for the aircraft had reached 237. By May 2007, the first Boeing 787 Dreamliner is beginning to be put together in Everett, Washington. Boeing faced several hurdles along the way when building the aircraft. Problems with bolts, flight control software and supplier issues meant the flight target and delivery target had to be pushed back more than once. This lead to airlines withdrawing orders, but the first flight test took place in December 2009, and the aircraft attended the Farnborough Air Show in 2010. Key statistics from the Boeing 787 Dreamliner’s five years of scheduled passenger service ANA’s first commercial flight on October 26 2011 utilising the aircraft was on the Tokyo-Narita to Hong Kong route. It was not until January 21 2012 that the Japanese carrier decided to deploy the aircraft onto international operations. The aircraft’s inaugural international flight was Tokyo-Haneda to the German hub of Frankfurt. Five years in and interest in the aircraft model shows no sign of slowing, as the month of October has shown. At the beginning of the month it was announced that Pakistan International Airways were set to buy eight Dreamliner aircraft worth $1.8 billion. Should this order be finalised, it would double the fleet of the flag carrier. Just a few days later, Spirit AeroSystems celebrated a huge milestone in 787 production. Spirit builds key components of the aircraft including the engine pylons. This month, they successfully delivered components for the 500th Dreamliner. Boeing vice president of 787, Mark Jenks said this aircraft will be used by Air France. Two huge deals were placed within the last month for Dreamliners: from China Southern Airlines and from Qatar Airways. China Southern’s deal was struck for a dozen 787-9’s, valued at $3.2 billion, due for delivery between 2018 and 2020. This makes China Southern, one of the three biggest airlines in China, the country’s launch customer for this model. The carrier currently operate 10 787-8s in their fleet. Qatar Airways placed an order for 30 Dreamliners, as well as 10 777-300ERs. A letter of intent was signed to buy up to 60 737 MAX 8s, valued at $6.9 billion. The Gulf carrier has one of the biggest 787 fleets today. The top five scheduled operators of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner over its five years of commercial passenger service Just last week, AeroMexico unveiled its first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, dubbed ‘Quetzalcoatl.’ This aircraft is the first of 10 models ordered in a package in 2012, which was the largest investment in Mexican aviation. The first delivery of the 787-8 Dreamliner to the carrier took place three years ago, and it currently has nine in its fleet. The Dreamliner has changed the course of aviation with many carriers worldwide benefitting from the fuel-efficient aircraft. One carrier in particular who consider the Boeing 787 to have played a substantial role in their massive expansion is Norwegian. The Scandinavian carrier was confined to the Nordic market with a modest fleet of just 19 aircraft 10 years ago. Since then, the aircraft has expanded rapidly to more than 100 aircraft and a hefty order book with 200 more which are to follow in the next five years. Norwegian made European aviation history in 2012 when it placed the largest single order for 222 aircraft, 122 of which are Boeing 737s. This was followed up in 2015 with an order for 19 787-9’s. This year, the third biggest European carrier have taken delivery of four of the new aircraft and expect a further nine in 2017. By the end of the decade it will take on 11 more. The main network points for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner over its five years of commercial passenger service London’s second biggest airport, Gatwick, has attributed much of their growth to Norwegian’s dedication to the Boeing 787. The airport has seen new routes to the US commencing since May 2014, including a five times weekly service to Los Angeles, a three times weekly to Oakland and a once weekly service to Fort Lauderdale. The airport has added the most new long-haul routes in Europe during the course of the year with an additional 20 in their network. Speaking at Routes Europe this year in Krakow, senior analyst at the Ascend Flightglobal Consultancy put the aircraft under the microscope. When first marketed, the Boeing 787 was dubbed a ‘hub-buster’ which would revolutionise commercial aviation, allowing carriers to fly non-stop point-to-point services between non-hub airports. Although this has not quite been the case, the aircraft has allowed for airlines to grow their network significantly and to deploy the planes onto maturing markets. Unsurprisingly, Ombelet discussed Norwegian and their use of the 787 to increase their network reach. Schedule data for 2016 shows that out of more than 600 routes, there are 368 long-haul routes that are operated on the 787 – 90 of these can be classified as new routes (not served by the airline for the previous five years.) This includes ten that were scheduled to start later this year. Norwegian operated around a third of these new routes. This astonishing growth for the carrier could not have been possible were it not for the arrival of the Dreamliner. Ombelet explained that it takes, on average, around 16 months between first delivery and new route. The longest range variant of the 787 can fly between 8,000 and 8,500 nautical miles: this covers a route equivalent to Los Angeles – Bangkok or New York City – Hong Kong. Register for Routes Americas 2017 in Las Vegas, USA, 14 - 16 February 2017 Register for World Routes 2017 in Barcelona, Catalonia, 23 - 26 September 2017 Register for Routes Europe 2017 in Belfast, Northern Ireland, 23 - 25 April 2017 Register for Routes Asia 2017 in Okinawa, Japan, 19 - 21 March 2017 The Fundamentals of Route Development This essential download gives you all you need to get started with air service development. Based on the ASM training course by the same name, the exclusive guide explains the three rules of route development and presentation advice when pitching to potential partners. Download White Paper Share Article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print About The Author... Laura Hamill Content Executive, Routesonline Originally from Belfast, Laura graduated from De Montfort University, Leicester with a BA Hons English and Journalism degree in 2014. She has previously held Intern and Freelance roles at The Snobby Runway and Ireland’s Homes Interiors and Living, but most recently has been writing for La Footyettes, UNILAD and The Offside Rule (We Get It!). Comments Related Topics Americas CIS Africa Middle East Routes Update Europe Boeing 787 Boeing Commercial Airplanes Pacific Asia Related Stories ANA to Debut Boeing 787-9 Passenger Service 04AUG14 Posted 24 July 2014 06:00 The Dreamliner effect on route development Posted 31 March 2016 23:55 IATA predicts eastward shift in global operations as China, India, Indonesia and Vietnam rise Posted 21 October 2016 01:00 Attention World Routes Attendees! Which new route do you want to learn more about in Chengdu? Posted 10 August 2016 12:00 LATEST ISSUE of Routes News NOW ONLINE Posted 8 August 2016 00:05 Ask the Expert – VOTE for what you want to read Posted 16 July 2016 06:00 All Related Stories Top Stories Iran Air proposes Dec 2016 East Asia service resumptions Posted 12 November 2016 10:45 Iran Air in GDS schedule listing has filed operational schedule for flights to Beijing and Kuala Lumpur, scheduled to be resumed in December 2016.... Read more Fiji Airways expands San Francisco service in NS17 Posted 12 November 2016 12:15 Fiji Airways in recent schedule update plans to expand its seasonal service on Nadi – San Francisco route, for Northern summer 2017... Read more Royal Jordanian ends Jakarta service in Jan 2017 Posted 12 November 2016 11:30 Royal Jordanian Airlines in January 2017 is ending service to Indonesia, as the airline closed reservations for Jakarta, for travel on/after... Read more Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved

Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Bloomberg: GAO Issues Declassified Version of Air Force Bomber Contract Award Protest Decision Bloomberg: GAO Issues Declassified Version of Air Force Bomber Contract Award Protest Decision Jane Edwards October 26, 2016 Contract Awards, News 884 Views The Government Accountability Office has said that Northrop Grumman’s (NYSE: NOC) proposal for the U.S. Air Force’s Long Range Strike Bomber program held “significant structural advantages” over a bid by the team of Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), Bloomberg reported Wednesday. Anthony Capaccio and Julie Johnsson write GAO made the statement in a declassified copy of its February ruling to uphold the service branch’s decision to select Northrop for the LRSB program. The Boeing-Lockheed team then decided not to pursue their legal challenge of the contract award in federal claims court a week after GAO denied their protest. The congressional watchdog’s assessment of Boeing’s claims “provides no basis on which to sustain the protest” and that the service branch “conducted a reasonable” cost evaluation, Susan Poling, GAO’s general counsel, said in a redacted form of the 52-page decision. The Air Force selected Northrop in October 2015 for the potential $80 billion contract to build the new B-21 bomber aircraft that is scheduled for deployment in the mid-2020s, according to the report. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags B-21 bid protest Boeing bomber aircraft featured GAO govcon Lockheed Martin long-range strike bomber program LRSB Northrop Grumman Susan Poling U.S. Air Force Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
Account Jobs Shop Events Awards Webinars Advertise Search this site: Advanced Search Rotor & Wing Get Rotor & Wing Updates! The Business Resource of Rotorcraft Management Join us on: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn View Cart DecisionBriefs Personal/Corporate All Personal/Corporate Stories Executive Transport Personal A/C Commercial All Commercial Stories EMS Offshore Tourism Observation/Patrol ENG Logging/Heavylift Utility/Other Charter Management/Air Taxi Technology Operator Profile Military All Military Stories Attack Utility Scout/Observation Medical Heavylift C-SAR Special Ops VIP/Head of State Department of Defense Unmanned Procurement/Acquisitions Unit Profile Public Service All Public Service Stories Police Fire Medical Disaster Relief Humanitarian SAR FAA NTSB EASA Other Government Agencies Training All Training Stories Ratings Turbine Degree Programs Specialty Maintenance Simulators Military SMS Standards/Regulations Training News Products All Products Stories Engines Airframes Avionics/Instruments Components & Accessories Mission Equipment Tools & Equipment Replacement Parts Rotor Blades Interiors Night Vision Operators' Choice Readers' Choice Services All Services Stories Overhaul & Repair Maintenance Finance & Insurance Certification Flight Testing Data Monitoring Modifications Completions Operators Dealers, Distributors & Brokers Other Subscribe Digital Edition Change Address   -T / T / +T | Comment(s) Tuesday, October 25, 2016 Japan Demos V-22 Noise to Communities James T. McKenna Japan's defense ministry is laying the foundation for introducing the Bell Boeing V-22 into its military operations by familiarizing its populace with the speedy tiltrotor. The Japan Times reported that a U.S. Marine Corps MV-22 Osprey conducted operations Oct. 24 at the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force camp in the city of Kisarazu so officials could assess noise from the aircraft's operations. In a related move, that newspaper said, the defense ministry is planning Osprey demonstration flights near Saga airport in southwest Japan on Nov. 8 "to give the local government the opportunity to assess the proposed deployment of the aircraft at the site." That demonstration, at the request of Saga Prefecture’s governor, also is aimed at assessing the V-22’s noise emissions. Japan plans to start using the tiltrotor in stages beginning in early 2018, and they could begin operating from Saga in early 2019. The Ground Self-Defense Force camp in Kisarazu, a city of 135,000 about 25 nautical miles southeast of Tokyo in Chiba Prefecture, is to be used as a maintenance base for Ground Self-Defense Force and U.S. Marine Corps Ospreys. The newspaper said V-22s deployed at USMC Air Station Futenma in Okinawa Prefecture would undergo regular maintenance starting in January at the Kisarazu camp, with the work performed by Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. The municipal government and the assembly in Kisarazu have asked the defense ministry to measure Osprey noise levels to evaluate their impact on the environment, The Japan Times said. In the demonstration there, the MV-22 circled over the camp and hovered above the runway while ministry personnel measured the noise, the newspaper said, adding that Ground Self-Defense Force pilots also flew a Boeing CH-47 over the base to compare noise levels.  Related News Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertise with us Rotorcraft Jobs Search Jobs: Browse all jobs Post jobs Post Resume View Resumes Most Read Most Commented 2008 Buyer’s Guide Directory Listings: Directory Sikorsky Seeks Innovative Kids Webinar Focuses on Rotorcraft Boom, Near-Term Prospects Helitech Speaker: Certification Inconsistency Slows Helicopter OEMs Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators GoPro Unveils Camera Drone In Bid to Save Stock Prices EASA Revision of SPI Regulation Continues Global Eagle, Shareco to Form New Joint Venture Avionics Magazine :: RVSM Avionics: Down to the Wire Celebrating St Michael's Day: AAAA Honors Army Aviators Do you receive The Rotorcraft Collective? This biweekly e-letter features an in-depth stories, top news, and our career center highlights. Sign up now and stay up-to-date about all the happenings in the rotorcraft world. Sign-up now for The Rotorcraft Collective, it's free!     Topics Personal/Corporate Commercial Military Public Service Training Products Services Resources Job Center Webinars Store Press Releases Rotor & Wing-Branded Products Military Insider Eletter The Collective Heli-Expo Show Day Heli-Tech Show Day Company Profiles Executive Outlook & Annual Reports More Info Advertise Contact Subscribe/Renew Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reuse/Reprints Site Map Privacy Policy © 2016, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved. Learn more about licensing or reproducing content on this site. Search:    Advanced Search Email Print Follow Join us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Live chat by BoldChat
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 9:06am Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald Kiwi on the flight deck of an Emirates Airbus A380 9:02 AM Wednesday Oct 26, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Aviation Emirates United Arab Emirates Emirates superjumbo services between Auckland and Dubai begin on October 31. New Zealander Richard Smith will captain the first of the first regular Emirates superjumbo services between Auckland and Dubai, starting on October 31. The North Shore-raised 51-year-old is one of 95 Kiwi pilots among more than 4000 flying for the Middle East airline. He describes his job and what it's like to fly the world's biggest airliner, the 575-tonne A380. Where did you learn to fly? I learned to fly at Ardmore, it was a typical general aviation background where you do anything you can to try and get more hours. I became an instructor in Palmerston North ended up in Hastings doing ambulance flights. My first airline job was Eagle Air flying the (Embraer) Bandeirante aircraft and moved on to Ansett in New Zealand when it was still around. How long have you been at Emirates I've been flying with Emirates for 16 years. I joined on Boeing 777s as a first officer for three years then a captain. I've been on A380s for about three years. I grabbed the opportunity to move to the A380 for a bit of variety, it almost revitalises your career a bit. What's the difference between the 777 and the A380? (Besides the yoke or centre stick in the Boeing and the sidestick located on the side console of the pilot in the Airbus) They're both fantastic aircraft with the way that they're set up with fly-by-wire. With the A380 on the runway when you take off you feel as if you're in a massive airplane - but it's very light in the controls. The movements are very subtle. Richard Smith from New Zealand, an A380 pilot for Emirates. Continued below. Related Content Pilots risk being seduced by technology - Emirates boss Airline mile-high connectivity spreading quickly Invasion of the superjumbos: Emirates adds Christchurch to A380 operation How did you get to be flying the A380 out of Auckland next week? I saw it come up and the company contacted me. They try their best to get local pilots to operate the first new flights. Every three or four months I do the Auckland flight. Coming from New Zealand it's much better to do the direct flight and not go via Australia. How is the four-person flight crew organised during the 17-hour flight. For the ultra-long range flights four pilots are split in two crews for each sector. The operating crew do the take off and landing and then split the flight in half with the augmenting crew. The operating crew have the second rest and come back (into the cockpit) about an hour before landing. What are the most challenging parts of the flight? Takeoff and landing are the most dynamic part of the flight - the main challenge is the huge variety of airports ranging from freezing in Moscow to tropical a few days later. Watch: Emirates' 360° cockpit tour of Airbus A380: Use mousepad, click pad and compass to fly through the cockpit Most of the flight is spent on autopilot, what are you doing during that time? When in cruise we're monitoring the flight path and keeping a close eye out for airports nearby in case of any eventuality. It's a big aircraft with lots of passengers so the potential for a medical diversion is always there. We do fly a long way away from airports over ocean and the North Pole. When in cruise you're keeping a careful eye on your surroundings and the environment to make sure where you are if you're required to go anywhere else. In the newer A380s pilots rest in a secure compartment in the lower area of the plane. What's it like? There's plenty of room to get up and move around. We've got the IFE (inflight entertainment) You try and get as much rest as you can in there but if you don't fall asleep you watch a movie What's the food like? Similar to passenger meals but they're all different because we cant eat exactly the same stuff on board because of the danger of food poisoning We try to keep it as healthy as possible, there's plenty of fruit on board. Is it ever boring? It's rare to be flying with the same person. You're flying with guys who are from all parts of the world with completely different cultures and background to what your used so you talk to them. - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Hawk adds to perfect shot of supermoon Skywatchers may have a chance to see a supermoon tonight, a phenomenon now shining over… Hawke's Bay Today CHB coastal communities quick in crisis Coastal communities in Central Hawke's Bay, from Kairakau to Whangaehu, were either evacuated… Bay of Plenty Times Marooned cows fascinate world Three cows left standing on an island of land have drawn international attention. Our Features' Top Stories Driven F1: Hamilton hangs in there Lewis Hamilton has dig at teammate Nicco Rosberg and says he could still win Formula… Viva NZ Music Awards: Red carpet dressing with Jono & Ben The official VNZMA 2016 hosts share their fashion fails and successes as they prepare… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 16 Nov 2016 12:55:19 Processing Time: 45ms
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Boeing and Airbus Stack Up Before Earnings By Paul Ausick October 25, 2016 1:15 pm EST Print Email Tweet Both Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and arch-rival Airbus are scheduled to report third-quarter results before U.S. markets open Wednesday morning. Neither has had a particularly strong first three quarters writing new orders, and both have experienced some delivery delays resulting from delays to an engine fix (Airbus) and supplier problems delivering aircraft interiors (both Boeing and Airbus). Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters expect Airbus to post adjusted EBIT of $759 million, down sharply from $1 billion in the year-ago quarter. Revenues are expected to rise from $15.35 billion to $15.55 billion. Boeing’s expected earnings per share (EPS) comes to $2.62, up from $2.52 a year ago, and revenues are estimated to fall from $25.8 billion in the third quarter of 2015 to $23.6 billion. Boeing’s new 737 MAX narrow-body commercial jets are expected to enter service as early as March of 2017. Airbus delivered its competitor, the A320neo, in January, but problems with the Pratt & Whitney geared turbo-fan engine have slowed deliveries to a trickle. In the wide-body market, Boeing recently took an order for 10 777s, but it is still short of its goal of 40 to 50 a year needed to maintain production at current levels. We don’t expect an announcement of a production cut because the company is likely going to have to write down some costs on its CST-100 space capsule. That’s too much bad news for the quarter. Airbus has shipped less than half the number of wide-body A350s it had originally forecast for the year, but the company insists that it will still reach its forecast level of 50 for the full year. Interior supplier Zodiac is shouldering the blame for the delays. Several analysts have weighed in on Boeing’s results, and Buckingham Research pretty well sums up the bear case for the stock: The frustration among investors is that sentiment remains negative, BA has lowered numbers throughout 2016, is hinting at further volume reductions, yet the negative thesis hasn’t worked post Boeing reporting 4Q15 results in January. That’s likely because very little BA has said after January has altered investor FCF [free cash flow] forecasts. We think that could change, however, after 3Q16 as we expect several headwinds to drive consensus FCF estimates lower including: slowing advances, 777X inventory build, lower than expected 777 production rates and the [commercial aircraft division’s] margin impact, 787 cash taxes, and the increasing potential that weak pricing and slowing orders may not allow BA to recognize the entire $28B of 787 deferred production. We see 10%/(30)% upside/downside risk in our best/worst case scenarios. Buckingham maintains a Neutral rating on the stock with a price target of just $103. The equity team at S&P recently maintained its Buy rating on the stock, along with a $172 target price ahead of earnings. Their upside thesis: We see price appreciation over the next several years as commercial aircraft demand remains strong, B787 and B737 production ramps, cash returns to shareholders rise via increased stock repurchases and dividends, pension headwinds diminish and additional B787 and B777X orders drive a reacceleration in BA’s wide-body aircraft orders. While we remain concerned about a drag from defense as U.S. defense spending slows, the operation’s size relative to the commercial business, strong cost control performance and sizable international exposure will help moderate this headwind, we think. Risks to our opinion and target price include slowing global economic growth, incremental U.S. defense budget pressures, military contract losses and delays and cost overruns in bringing new aircraft to market and ramping production. JPMorgan has a Neutral rating and a $152 price target. The analysts updated their model for third-quarter deliveries and estimate adjusted EPS estimate for the quarter at $2.70. The full-year estimate is unchanged at $6.45. The firm’s investment thesis and risks were noted as follows: We rate BA Neutral based on concerns about the profitability of the commercial aero business, growth in the defense business, 787 cash flow, and market concerns around aircraft demand that might cap valuation. However, Boeing remains a leading and entrenched player in its industry with solid cash flow and a reasonable valuation. In addition, we do not expect aircraft demand to roll over imminently. Downside risks to our rating include a failure to lower 787 unit costs, a decline in demand for new aircraft, worse than expected execution on core commercial programs, and a greater-than-expected decline in defense earnings. Upside risks are stronger than expected aircraft demand, better than expected BCA margins, and outsized cash profitability on the 787 program. Earlier in October, Jefferies reiterated its Buy rating and $165 price target. The analysts said: There is a reasonably good investment case for Boeing. We believe the company understands that it needs to drive productivity and to hit development milestones. While civil orders have been slow year-to-date, recent progress with customers demonstrates that the current product is attractive. Cash Flow and EPS growth create an attractive valuation. Merrill Lynch has an Underperform rating on the stock and a $125 price objective. Airbus shares closed down 2.6% in Paris Tuesday at €53.39 (about $58.12), in a 52-week range of €48.07 to €68.50. The 12-month price target on the stock is €69.80. Boeing stock traded up about 0.9% in the early afternoon, at $138.74 in a 52-week range of $102.10 to $150.59. The 12-month price target is $148.71. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Smart Sand Announces Potential Pricing for IPO ZTO Express Closes in on IPO » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, Earnings, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Most Republican County in Each State Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Wal-Mart, BNY Mellon and More 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent Nokia, Teva Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, Chevron Dominate DJIA Tuesday SEC Awards Whistleblower Over $20 Million Solar Plants Raise Local Temperatures Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search GoPro's Future Depends on These New Products How to Trade Options How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Gap names Teri List-Stoll as new finance chief Snapchat IPO could value company at $20 billion to $25 billion, go public in March: WSJ Snapchat files confidentially for IPO: WSJ Ventas (VTR) Reaches Deal with Kindred for 36 SNF Sale HCA Holdings Announces Share Repurchase Plan Worth $2B Airline Stock Roundup: American Airlines' Bullish RASM View; JetBlue, Southwest Airlines in Focus A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively How to Bet on Macau's Las Vegas-like Transformation Why General Motors Is Importing Hybrid Cadillacs From China Taking a Foolish View of Transaction Costs and Trading Commissions Woman 'Paralyzed With Fear' After Finding Mouse Sewn Into Zara Dress: Lawsuit This Stroller Is For Every Parent Who's Had Their Hands Full At The Airport The Top 20 Tech Deals On Black Friday 2016 Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Citron's Andrew Left Likes Amazon, Says He's Long Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 25, 2016 3:40pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Here's Every Analyst Rating And Price Target On Target Ahead Of Q3 Earnings Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 Wal-Mart Earnings Preview (Seeking Alpha) Related FB Amazon Vs. President-Elect Trump: Should Investors Be Concerned? Presidents And Other Prominent Figures Who Passed On Huge Salaries Like Trump Says He Will Twitter Takes Steps To Tame The Trolls, Will It Help Attract Suitors? (Investor's Business Daily) Andrew Left, founder of Citron Research, may have made an exception this time around. Deviating from his customary sell theme, Left recommended going long on Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). In a chat with Business Insider's Linette Lopez, Left called out a pair trade: selling Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) on uncertainties over what will befall Facebook when its sharing matures and buying Amazon as he sees long-term value. In the current low interest rate environment, Left sees difficulty in finding shorts. Additionally, Left feels timing is important, as good shorts tend to have negative rebates. With the U.S. Presidential election results now a foregone conclusion according to Left, he would be focused on whether the government is serious about regulation pricing on prescription pharmaceuticals and the companies levered to it and those which are vulnerable. In May, Left went long on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE: VRX). However, the stock lost quarter of its value by mid-July, when Left divulged new short position in the company. It was Left's accusations against Valeant of creating fraudulent invoices through a network of pharmacies it controls that brought the stock down with a thud in 2015. The report compiled by Citron Research compared Valeant to Enron, the energy-trading firm that collapsed in a 2001 accounting scandal. Posted-In: Andrew Left Citron ResearchLong Ideas Short Sellers Short Ideas Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + FB) Here's Every Analyst Rating And Price Target On Target Ahead Of Q3 Earnings Amazon Vs. President-Elect Trump: Should Investors Be Concerned? Presidents And Other Prominent Figures Who Passed On Huge Salaries Like Trump Says He Will Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 Facebook's Price Target Gets Cropped By MKM Technical Alert: Amazon Nears $700 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 TOUR, HAR: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 JDST, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 3 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Fo... 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' M... 5 AMZN, RATE: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 GLNG, JD: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday ... 7 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downgrade... 1 EURL, EUFS: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 2 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 3 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unnecessarily 4 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 5 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 6 BRK-A, DAL: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta Air Short... 7 SPY: Ray Dalio: Trump Era Will Have A 'Big I... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Q3 Credit Card Showdown: Capital One Vs. Discover Card Argus Starts Arista Networks At Buy, Says Outlook Is Strong
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy It may be a while before Govt’s plan to build fighter jets in India takes off Nayanima Basu   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Local manufacturing hinges on proposal to make the country an export hub New Delhi, October 25:   The government’s plan to manufacture single-engine fighters in the country is likely to face delays even though the Defence Ministry has notified request for information (RFI) from three firms to participate in the programme under the ‘Make in India’ initiative. US aerospace giants Boeing and Lockheed Martin and Sweden’s SAAB have approached the government as a response to the RFI with their “unsolicited proposals” that have apparently failed to “impress” the Defence Ministry, a senior official told BusinessLine. This is because, even though these companies have enumerated their plans to manufacture these jets under the ‘Make in India’ programme, the Ministry is keen on plans to transform India into an export hub for these jets, the official said. Once the RFI is issued, the government floats Request for Proposals (RFPs) to shortlist the competing firms, according to norms. However, the government is learnt to be taking one step at a time in selecting the firm that will finally be chosen to manufacture the fighter jets here. “The RFP will take time to be issued. A lot of factors need to be ascertained here apart from Make in India, logistics and infrastructure. The issue here is that once the armed forces buy these, what thereafter? Hence, export is a big factor, and indigenisation will play a crucial part in it,” the official said. Boeing has already offered to manufacture their F/A-18 Super Hornet here with full transfer of technology (ToT) to their Indian joint venture partners. Lockheed Martin has gone a step ahead and said it will develop a warplane F-16 Block 70 exclusively for the Indian market. The US government is also aggressively pushing for these two under the US-India Defence Trade and Technology Initiative. On the other side, Swedish SAAB has said it will build an entire industrial ecosystem in India under ‘Make in India’ for the Gripen E. Talks on selling the Gripen E were held during the visit of Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven to India in February. Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha had earlier said that the proposals from these three firms had been received by the government but nothing had been decided. “An early decision on indigenous ‘Make in India’ fighter aircraft project will greatly enhance our operational capability in the near term,” he had said during the Air Force Day earlier this month. The Defence Ministry plans to replace the ageing MiG-21s with these fighter jets. Last month, India had finalised a $8.7-billion deal to procure 36 French Rafale warplanes. (This article was published on October 25, 2016) Related NEWS Swedish major Saab bets big on India with Gripen fighter jets India, France sign deal on Rafale fighter jets TOPICS politics | defence | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh to face tax, penalty on mismatch Bear with me for 50 days: Modi to aam aadmi Not right time to implement GST Bill: Opposition Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation India’s crackdown on black money will help financial system: EU Union Budget to be presented on February 1 India to see 10% salary increase in 2017: Survey Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Divine help for a community starved of small-denomination notes DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in Economy Govt’s move will not raise inflation: Rajiv Kumar There will be a substantial reduction in the stock of black money, says CPR Senior Fellow » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Should You Buy the Dow? Boeing Co (BA) Stock Boeing is a great company that's just a bit pricey to buy right now By Lawrence Meyers, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 25, 2016, 11:28 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is STILL Cheap, Somehow 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut Recent Posts: General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is STILL Cheap, Somehow View All Posts As I continue to journey through the Dow Jones Industrial Average, seeking out the stocks to buy from the venerable index, I’ve come across Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Immediately, one of the things I like about Boeing stock is that it is part of an effective oligopoly. Source: Wikimedia There just aren’t that many large capacity passenger airplane manufacturing companies in the world. You certainly know all of them by number: 737 on through the 787. In fact, Boeing is finally re-tooling the 737 into the 737 Max. Yet that’s not the only thing BA builds that flies. It is a massive supplier of some of the most advanced military aircraft in the world. You’ve seen these on the news and in the movies, including but not limited to the Apache helicopter, Air Force One, B-1B Lancer, the famous B-52 bomber, the massive C-17 cargo plane, the Chinook helicopter and fighter planes like the F/A-18 Super Hornet, The Growler, F-15 Strike Eagle and plenty of bombs and missiles. The Backbone of Boeing Stock Boeing has also been an intrinsic part of our space program, offering satellites, the International Space Station, launch systems and space access vehicles. What Stocks Will Win the 2016 Election? Stop and think for a moment, especially next time you’re at an airport, and consider all the logistics and support services that go along with these complex machines. We’re talking support, spare parts, training, maintenance, missile and defense systems, supply chain management, engineering support … it’s mind-boggling if you think about it. The degree of complexity regarding all these products should honestly make Boeing stock owners proud. BA has been an innovator and leader, and essential to our national defense, our reach into space and our transportation network in the skies. The primary risk to BA stock is some huge change in demand for commercial aircraft, which is tied to the long-term health of the economy. When the economy was hit with its two biggest shocks — post-9/11 and during the financial crisis — Boeing stock fell 35% and 60% respectively. Both turned out to be perfect buying opportunities for BA stock because people will always need to fly. Boeing has 27% of its revenues coming from U.S. government contracts, but it seems unlikely that these contracts will be curtailed. There will always be some short-term competitive losses to other contractors, but over time, these even out. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/boeing-co-ba-stock-buy-dow-jones/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Earnings Outlook Get email alerts Boeing earnings: What to expect By Tomi Kilgore Published: Oct 26, 2016 6:58 a.m. ET Share Outlook for 2016, any commentary on the widebody aircraft market will be a focus Bloomberg A Boeing widebody 787 Dreamliner By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Boeing Co. is scheduled to report third-quarter results before the market opens on Wednesday, with investors likely focused more on any commentary about the defense and aerospace giant’s outlook for the rest of the year than what it saw a month or two ago. While investors appear to be growing more optimistic, with the stock running up toward a 9 ½ month closing high in morning trade Tuesday, some analysts have expressed concern that the market for commercial widebody jets, which for Boeing include the 777 and 787 model aircrafts, has continued to act as a headwind. UBS analyst David Strauss said in a recent not to clients that “widebody demand trends have worsened” in recent months, and that he believes a 35% cut in global widebody production, as well as a 35% reduction in widebody rates, is needed to bring supply and demand back in balance. Meanwhile, here’s what analysts are expecting from Boeing’s results: Earnings: Boeing BA, -1.25%  is expected to report earnings per share of $2.61 for the quarter to Sept. 30, according to the average estimate of analysts surveyed by FactSet, up from $2.52 in the same period a year ago. The FactSet EPS consensus has declined over the last couple months, from $2.67 as of Aug. 31. FactSet Estimize, a crowdsourcing platform that gathers estimates from Wall Street analysts, as well as buy-side analysts, hedge-fund managers, company executives, academics and others, has a consensus EPS estimate of $2.66, based on 62 estimates. Boeing had reported a narrower-than-expected loss in the second quarter, after missing expectations in the first quarter. That quarterly profit miss was the first for Boeing in over four years. Revenue: The FactSet revenue consensus is $23.6 billion, below the $25.8 billion reported a year ago. On Aug. 31, the FactSet consensus was $23.7 billion. Those crowdsourced by Estimize are projecting, on average, revenue of $23.6 billion. Boeing beat the FactSet revenue consensus the last five quarters. Stock price: Despite the recent strength, Boeing’s stock has still underperformed its peers, and the broader stock market, by a wide margin so far this year. It has lost 3.9% year to date through Tuesday, while the SPDR Industrials Select Sector exchange-traded fund XLI, +0.38%  has climbed 7.4% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  has gained 4.3%. Most analysts are bullish on the shares, with the average rating of 24 analysts surveyed by FactSet the equivalent of overweight. The average stock price target of $148.28 was 6.7% above current levels. Other issues: One area of focus for investors may be any commentary on the commercial cargo market, after chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said at an industry conference last month that the segment remains “flat” and would be a “continuing watch area,” according to a transcript provided by FactSet. Regarding the widebody market, Muilenberg said he was seeing more hesitation, as orders were flat. He said that was partially the result of declines in cargo traffic, as well as slow economic growth and political unrest globally. Earlier this month, Boeing announced a deal with Atlas Worldwide Holdings AAWW, -0.50%  to convert nine 767 widebody passenger planes into cargo freighters. This comes about five months after Atlas announced a deal to provide air cargo services to e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +3.36% AMZN, +3.36% Also in early October, Qatar Airways said it ordered 40 Boeing widebody jets worth $11.7 billion, and signed a letter of intent to buy up to 60 single-aisle planes worth $6.9 billion. Investors may also be keenly focused on any changes to Boeing’s financial outlook for 2016. The following table reflects the guidance Boeing provided in July. Boeing 2016 financial outlook Financial metric Boeing guidance FactSet consensus Total revenue $93.0 billion to $95.0 billion $94.0 billion Adjusted EPS $6.10 to $6.30 $6.34 Commercial airplanes deliveries 740 to 745 744 Commercial airplanes revenue $64.0 billion to $65.0 billion $64.8 billion Military aircraft revenue about $12.3 billion $12.4 billion Network & space systems revenue about $7.3 billion $7.4 billion Global services & support revenue about $9.4 billion $9.4 billion Boeing Capital revenue about $300 million $332 million Boeing Co., FactSet More from MarketWatch Hillary Clinton's Thwarted Run for the White House Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ Related Topics Earnings Markets U.S. Stocks Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B Industrial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLI $61.54 +0.23 (+0.38%) Volume 12.3M Open $61.45 High $61.54 Low $60.97 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.02 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings U.S.: Nasdaq: AAWW $50.25 -0.25 (-0.50%) Volume 203.2K Open $50.65 High $51.20 Low $48.95 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $743.24 +24.17 (+3.36%) Volume 6.6M Open $730.00 High $746.78 Low $725.99 P/E Ratio 170.3 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 351.2B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $743.24 +24.17 (+3.36%) Volume 6.6M Open $730.00 High $746.78 Low $725.99 P/E Ratio 170.3 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 351.2B LatestNews
Skip to search. New User? Register Sign in Help Download the new Yahoo Mail app Mail My Yahoo Yahoo Yahoo India Finance Search Search Web Home Markets Volume Leaders Sector Watch Top Gainers Top Losers World Indices My Portfolios Sign in to access your portfolios News Personal Finance Careers Insurance Loans and Credit Cards Mutual Funds Real Estate Tax Tech In Pics Videos Budget 2016 Budget News Budget and You All Providers Analysis Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Wed 16 Nov, 2016, 6:05 AM IST - India Markets open in 3 hrs 10 mins LATEST NEWS Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sourcesReuters - 56 minutes ago Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - BloombergReuters - 57 minutes ago Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makersReuters - 1 hour 30 minutes ago Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exportsReuters - 1 hour 57 minutes ago Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost stocksReuters - 2 hours 10 minutes ago Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocksReuters - 2 hours 40 minutes ago Oil prices soar 6 percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output dealReuters - 2 hours 53 minutes ago Tax havens should be 'quarantined' from global economy - Stiglitz, Pieth reportReuters - 3 hours ago EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sourcesReuters - 3 hours ago Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defence and space unitReuters - 3 hours ago Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertaintyReuters - 3 hours ago Fed's Fischer says was surprised by U.S. election outcomeReuters - 4 hours ago Fed's Fischer says not concerned U.S. markets lack liquidityReuters - 5 hours ago Saudi, Russian energy ministers may meet in Doha ahead of OPEC - sourcesReuters - 6 hours ago Tarullo: Fed to carefully watch market reaction to Trump administrationReuters - 6 hours ago Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK government inputReuters - 6 hours ago VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. dieselsReuters - 6 hours ago Long-lasting cholesterol lowering seen with Medicines Co drug - studyReuters - 6 hours ago Strong U.S. retail sales reinforce December interest rate hikeReuters - 6 hours ago Development of trunk infrastructure at SBIA approved: CCEAIANS - 7 hours ago Air India To Add Six Dreamliners, Plans Tel Aviv, Stockholm FlightsBy Haider Ali Khan | Businessworld – Tue 25 Oct, 2016 6:47 PM IST Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Air India is getting six new Boeing dreamliners in 2017 and is planning to start new services to Tel Aviv, Stockholm and African nations to further expand its international operations after registering its first operational profit of Rs 105 crore since its merger with Indian Airlines in 2007 National carrier Air India is getting six new Boeing dreamliners in 2017 and is planning to start new services to Tel Aviv, Stockholm and African nations to further expand its international operations after registering its first operational profit of Rs 105 crore since its merger with Indian Airlines in 2007. Currently, it flies to 41 international and 69 domestic destinations. “We are going to connect Tel Aviv, Stockholm and Africa”, said Ashwini Lohani, chairman and managing director of Air India. “There is still a huge gap between operational and net profit. We are also getting six new dreamliners in 2017,” he added. From December 1, Air India is going to start its Delhi-Madrid service thrice a week and is also increasing the frequency of its Bangalore-Delhi-San Francisco flight to six days a week. Air India is going to file Guinness for its longest flight and has also planned to deploy all women staff on... Read full article air indiaaviationashok gajapathi rajuiTraveller More in BW BusinessworldAir India To Add Six Dreamliners, Plans Tel Aviv, Stockholm FlightsHousing Sales Grow 12% In July-Sep To 54,721 Units In 9 CitiesTwitter Plans To Cut About 300 More JobsDr Reddy's Profit Misses View As Emerging Markets Sales FallTata Management Shake-up Could Slow Group's Debt Reduction Process -- Get stories like this on the Yahoo app and discover more every day. Download it now. @YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Reuters - 56 minutes ago The Venice, California-based company could go public as soon as March and be valued at $20 billion to $25 billion, making it the largest IPO since Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's (BABA.N) went public two years ago valued at … More » - Sponsored  Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg Reuters - 57 minutes ago Exxon has appealed the Oct. 5 court ruling, but the appeals court hearing has been delayed because of the talks, Bloomberg reported, citing a lawyer for Exxon. Exxon declined to comment. The court decision fined a consortium led by Exxon over 44 … More » Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Reuters - 1 hour 30 minutes ago Petrochemicals, seen as a niche business in the oil industry, are used in 70 percent of manufactured goods - from mobile phones and yoga pants to cars and food packaging - and bring in valuable revenue for a sector otherwise battling over-supply. … More » Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports Reuters - 1 hour 57 minutes ago Canada's natural resources minister said on Tuesday it was important that Canadian oil exports reach Asia, as the Liberal government prepares to decide whether to approve Kinder Morgan Inc's (KMI.N) plans to more than double the capacity of a … More » - Sponsored  Oil rallies on OPEC deal bets; tech, energy boost stocks Reuters - 2 hours 10 minutes ago Oil prices jumped nearly 6 percent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output when they meet later this month, while stocks rose, led by recently lagging technology shares. The U.S. dollar index (.DXY) held above the 100 level and … More » Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Reuters - 2 hours 40 minutes ago The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) extended its rally to seven days after it turned positive in late trading, while oil futures continued their rise and investors kept piling into technology stocks. "Buyers who were waiting to buy technology … More » Oil prices soar 6 percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal Reuters - 2 hours 53 minutes ago Oil prices jumped 6 percent on Tuesday, with U.S. crude notching its biggest daily percentage gain in seven months, on renewed expectations that OPEC will agree later this month to reduce a global supply glut. OPEC secretary-general Mohammed … More » - Sponsored  Tax havens should be 'quarantined' from global economy - Stiglitz, Pieth report Reuters - 3 hours ago A leak in April of more than 11.5 million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, dubbed the Panama Papers, sparked outrage by showing how the rich go offshore to avoid paying taxes while working families are required to pay theirs. … More » EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources Reuters - 3 hours ago EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC (HSBA.L), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA) by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on … More » Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defence and space unit Reuters - 3 hours ago The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, … More » - Sponsored  Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Reuters - 3 hours ago NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Gold edged higher on Tuesday, snapping a three-session losing streak, on uncertainty over the economic policies of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Trump has vowed to boost domestic spending, which has the potential to … More » Fed's Fischer says was surprised by U.S. election outcome Reuters - 4 hours ago Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said on Tuesday that he was surprised by the outcome of the U.S. presidential election. "If the question is were you surprised by the situation in the world ... … More » Fed's Fischer says not concerned U.S. markets lack liquidity Reuters - 5 hours ago U.S. banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets, Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said on Tuesday. Since the 2008 financial crisis, leading banks have had to hold more … More » - Sponsored  Saudi, Russian energy ministers may meet in Doha ahead of OPEC - sources Reuters - 6 hours ago Saudi Arabian and Russia energy ministers could meet in Qatar this week on the sidelines of a major energy forum, industry sources said on Tuesday as OPEC and non-OPEC members try again to clinch an oil output limiting deal. In September, OPEC … More » Tarullo: Fed to carefully watch market reaction to Trump administration Reuters - 6 hours ago Donald Trump's election already may be pushing up interest rates and tightening financial markets, something the Federal Reserve will have to monitor as it decides how quickly to tighten monetary policy, Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo said on Tuesday. … More » Deloitte says leaked Brexit memo was written without UK government input Reuters - 6 hours ago A leaked Brexit note that said Britain has no overall strategy for leaving the European Union was written without input from the government, Deloitte said on Tuesday. "This was a note intended primarily for internal audiences," Deloitte said in a … More » - Sponsored  VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting U.S. diesels Reuters - 6 hours ago Volkswagen AG has reached an agreement with U.S. regulators for a mix of buybacks and fixes for 80,000 polluting Audi, Porsche and VW 3.0-liter vehicles, two sources briefed on the matter said Tuesday. The agreement includes a buyback offer for … More » Long-lasting cholesterol lowering seen with Medicines Co drug - study Reuters - 6 hours ago A new type of heart drug developed by Medicines Co significantly lowered "bad" LDL cholesterol in high-risk patients with no major safety issues, according to data from a midstage trial that helped the company identify the dose it will move into … More » Strong U.S. retail sales reinforce December interest rate hike Reuters - 6 hours ago U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in October as households bought motor vehicles and a range of other goods, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. The Commerce … More » - Sponsored  Development of trunk infrastructure at SBIA approved: CCEA IANS - 7 hours ago New Delhi, Nov 15 (IANS) The government on Tuesday approved the development of trunk infrastructure components at Shendra Bidkin Industrial Area (SBIA) in Maharashtra under the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) project, worth Rs 6,414.21 … More » Jet Airways expands codeshare agreement with Kenya Airways IANS - 7 hours ago New Delhi, Nov 15 (IANS) Jet Airways on Tuesday said it has expanded its existing cooperation with Kenya Airways, the national carrier of Kenya, by sharing codes on its domestic flights between Mumbai, New Delhi, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad. "Through … More » Tata Global Beverages ousts Cyrus Mistry as chairman Reuters - 7 hours ago The board of Tata Global Beverages, which co-owns and runs Starbucks coffee stores across India, has replaced Cyrus Mistry as its chairman, the first Tata group company to depose him since his removal last month from the helm of parent holding … More » United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Reuters - 7 hours ago United Continental Holdings Inc will become the first big U.S. airline to limit low-fare customers to one carry-on bag that fits under a seat, and will defer delivery of dozens of planes from Boeing Co as part of a push to boost profits. The … More » Government was fully prepared for demonetisation: Jaitley IANS - 8 hours ago New Delhi, Nov 15 (IANS) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday denied that the November 8 demonetisation was announced without proper preparations which put the common man to immense difficulties. "The government was fully prepared before … More » Petrol and diesel to become cheaper IANS - 9 hours ago Mumbai, Nov 15 (IANS) In response to global prices and currency fluctuations, the three state-owned oil marketing companies (OMCs) have decided to lower the prices of petrol and diesel from midnight Tuesday. ... … More » - Sponsored  Show More MARKET MOVERS Most Actives Most Actives Name Price Change % Chg AMBUJA CEM … 209.95 -9.50 -4.33% AMBUJA CEMENTS LTD. Suzlon Ene … 15.33 +0.77 +5.29% Suzlon Energy Limited ACC Limite … 1,346.55 -51.85 -3.71% ACC Limited STATE BANK … 278.10 +5.20 +1.91% STATE BANK OF INDIA SpiceJet L … 59.75 -3.95 -6.20% SpiceJet Limited More Most Actives » Price % Gainers Price % Gainers Name Price Change % Chg Phyto Chem … 34.20 +5.70 +20.00% Phyto Chem (India) Limited Cenlub Ind … 34.55 +5.55 +19.14% Cenlub Industries Limited Makers Lab … 84.40 +11.15 +15.22% Makers Laboratories Limited PONDY OXID … 187.40 +24.20 +14.83% PONDY OXIDES & CHEMICALS LTD. Corporatio … 47.60 +5.50 +13.06% Corporation Bank More Price % Gainers » Price % Losers Price % Losers Name Price Change % Chg Sadhana Ni … 24.00 -6.00 -20.00% Sadhana Nitro Chem Ltd. Steel Exch … 52.00 -13.00 -20.00% Steel Exchange India Ltd. STANROSE M … 168.80 -42.20 -20.00% STANROSE MAFATLAL INVESTMENTS Can Fin Ho … 1,252.05 -313.00 -20.00% Can Fin Homes Ltd. NATH BIO-G … 151.05 -37.75 -19.99% NATH BIO-GENES (INDIA) LTD More Price % Losers » Recent Quotes Portfolios   Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg Chart   Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices Save List to Portfolio » Recent Quotes News   Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios. DON'T MISS View Photos World's top 10 business schools Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years - sources Sponsored  Play Video Singapore's Fintech Push View Photos These countries consume highest volume of alcohol View Photos India's best companies to work for, 2016 Play Video Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Sponsored  View Photos India to be home to 7 mega-cities by 2030 View Photos World's most visited cities in 2016 On This Site Home Markets My Portfolios News Personal Finance Tech In Pics Videos Budget 2016 Also on Yahoo Cricket Bollywood Breaking News Read Our Blog Buzz Jagran Answers Mail Lifestyle Weather forecast Mobile All Yahoo Services » Trending Now Michelle Obama Union Budget Supreme Court demonetization Indelible Ink currency Food caterers Tajamul Islam Ranji Trophy 2016/17 Messi Barcelona contract Bigg Boss 10 ISL 2016 Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - News Network
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Boeing installs P-8A Poseidon training center Boeing has established a training center for crew and maintainers of P-8A Poseidon aircraft at a U.S. Navy naval air station. By Richard Tomkins   |   Updated Oct. 25, 2016 at 1:53 PM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter SEATTLE, Oct. 25 (UPI) -- A Boeing training center for P-8A Poseidon maritime surveillance aircraft has been installed at the U.S. Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, Wash. The Navy installation is scheduled to begin receiving the aircraft beginning next year. "About 70 percent of the training we do for our P-8 crews happens in this building," said U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Kyle Cozad. "That is going to make that wonderful aircraft last longer and longer. As much as 45 years." The center will use a training system that uses simulators and classroom-based materials to train pilots and mission crews to operate the aircraft, its sensors, communications and weapons systems. "Integrated, ground-based training is critical to U.S. Navy operations," said Tom Shadrach, Boeing P-8 program manager, Training Systems and Government Services. "This new facility will help to effectively and efficiently train aircrews before they ever leave the ground." Boeing currently provides P-8A aircrew training devices, electronic classrooms and courseware at its Integrated Training Center at Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Fla. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories BAE receives max $600 million U.S. Navy contract for laser-guided rockets U.K. Typhoon enhancements enter operational evaluation phase HAL, Safran announce joint engine partnership Lithuania signs missile agreement with Norway Comments Recommended Boeing Australia tapped for P-8A sustainment services Recommended Boeing gets $60 million for P-8A aircraft work Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 9 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 10 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Upgraded telecommunications network for Marines 10 hours ago PITTSBURGH, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Technology solutions provider Black Box Corporation is to upgrade and expand the Marine Corps' telecommunications network architecture and systems. Leonardo-Finmeccanica demonstrates C-27J capabilities 1 day ago ROME, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Leonardo-Finmeccanica began its demonstration tour for the C-27J Spartan tactical airlifter in Latin America. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Airforce Technology Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Jump to page content Accessibility News, views and contacts from the global Air Force industry Market & Customer Insight Log In Request Demo About Market & Customer Insight Home About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Industry Websites Digital Magazine Products & Services Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Company A - Z Company A - Z Products & Services Press Releases White Papers Projects Industry Projects Projects by Region Projects by Category Archived Projects Project Gallery Features Latest Features Features A - Z Contributors Videos White Papers News Latest Industry Updates Industry News Company Press Releases Events Advertise With Us Report Store Digital Magazine About Us Contact Us Industry Websites Profiling the contenders for the USAF’s T-X jet trainer programme 25 October 2016 Aerospace contractors are gearing up for the competition to replace the T-38 Talon as the US Air Force’s next jet trainer. The T-X programme aims to bridge the gap between primary training on the T-6 Texan II and advanced fighters such as the F-22 and F-35. Claire Apthorp takes a look at who has joined the race and what they are planning on bringing to the table. In September, Boeing and Saab revealed the design that the team will propose for the US Air Force’s (USAF’s) T-X competition: an all-new aircraft designed specifically for the programme featuring cutting-edge technologies, tools and manufacturing processes. Two aircraft were rolled out at the unveiling ceremony, showing a single engine (General Electric F404 engine), twin-tailed aircraft with advanced glass cockpit and embedded training. Few hard and fast details have been released about its capabilities by the team, but it is being hailed as an aircraft designed to evolve as technologies, missions and training needs change, while being more affordable and flexible than older, existing aircraft, including the air force’s ageing T-38 that the T-X programme is working to replace. The competition heats up Other designs have been unveiled by three teams: a team led by Raytheon including Leonardo, Honeywell Aerospace and CAE; a Lockheed Martin-Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) partnership, and a consortium headed by Northrop Grumman, including BAE Systems and L-3 Link Simulation & Training. The Raytheon team’s bid is the T-100 integrated air training system: a fully integrated flying and ground-based training system that can download training missions from frontline fighters, and embed training simulation with live virtual blended constructive capability. The aircraft is an advanced variant of the M-346, a next-generation twin-engine aircraft (powered by two F124 engines) with advanced cockpit (modern head-up display, customisable large-area display and fully-integrated helmet mounted display) and avionics emulators. Ground-based training and simulation will be powered by CAE USA. "The Lockheed Martin offering is the T-50A aircraft, building on the heritage of its T-50." The Lockheed Martin offering is the T-50A aircraft, building on the heritage of its T-50, more than 150 of which are currently in service with military forces. The system is designed to mimic the capabilities of the fifth-generation aircraft students will be training to fly, with advanced aerodynamic performance, digital flight controls/fly-by-wire, with next-generation air traffic management systems, all operating from an anthropometrically designed fifth-generation cockpit. The T-50A’s configuration is based on the FA-50 currently in production for the South Korean military. This aircraft incorporates air-to-air and air-to-ground weapons, along with an avionics suite that contains an electronic warfare suite, a multi-mode radar and an advanced data-link. The T-50A is being billed by the team as a low-risk, ready now solution. The aircraft undertook its initial flight test in June 2016, and the final assembly and check-out site is under construction in Greenville, South Carolina. Less is known about the solution that the Northrop Grumman team is set to offer. No official word has been given by company executives on the form the system will take, but it will be a purpose-built, newly designed aircraft – a so-called ‘clean sheet’ design as with the Lockheed Martin offering. Images released on social media in August showed what company officials have since confirmed is the team’s prototype aircraft undertaking high-speed taxi tests in California. The aircraft, as with the Northrop-developed T-38, is a twin-engine design with large vertical tail. Closing capability gaps The USAF plans to acquire 350 T-X trainers to replace 431 T-38s in autumn 2017. The aircraft’s initial operational capability is set for the end of 2023, at which point the new aircraft will take over the air force’s training needs for undergraduate pilot and introduction to fighter fundamentals. Ultimately the air force is looking to meet its fighter pilot training requirements more effectively and affordably while reducing inefficiencies that have crept into the T-38 Talon programme. According to Brigadier General Dawn Dunlop, the director of plans, programs and requirements at Air Education and Training Command (AETC), the T-38 is “no longer a practical trainer to prepare air force pilots for newer, more advanced aircraft” such as the F-22 and F-35. At present twelve of 18 advanced pilot training tasks cannot be completed with the T-38, meaning the AETC has to rely on fighter and bomber formal training units to complete the training at a much greater cost. Additionally, cockpit and sensor technologies have moved on in a fundamental way since the T-38 entered service with the US military in the 1960s. While upgrades have installed glass cockpits in the T-38, the programme is now seriously struggling with inabilities to upgrade the aircraft’s performance and simulated sensor capabilities to meet the needs of pilots training for fourth and fifth generation jets and teach the critical skills required. Furthermore, the T-38’s availability has been below the 75%requirement since 2011, meaning that on the whole, the aircraft is not mission-capable. Narrowing the field The road to upgrading the USAF’s fast jet training capabilities is a winding one, and the air force initially released draft requirements for the replacement aircraft in 2012. These requirements have undergone a number of iterations and refinements – closely involving industry collaboration to shape a more capable and affordable solution – with official requirements released in March 2016. Of the more than 100 requirements listed, the three key performance characteristics that will close training gaps in current capabilities are sustained G, simulator visual acuity and performance, and aircraft sustainment. "The road to upgrading the USAF’s fast jet training capabilities is a winding one." The sustained G-specific parameters have been clarified by the air force, as a minimum “threshold” requirement of 6.5G and the desired “objective” requirement of 7.5G. The understanding is that these parameters, accompanied by the other T-X requirements, will offer the necessary performance capabilities to train air force pilots well into the future.   With respect to manoeuvrability, AETC has clarified that the T-X must maintain the required load factor for a minimum of 140 degrees in a descending 180-degree turn. Initiated at or above 15,000ft pressure altitude, at or below 0.9 Mach, and at or above 80%fuel weight, the aircraft’s flight path angle during this manoeuvre can be no lower than 15 degrees nose low while losing no more than 2,000ft of vertical altitude and 10%of the initial airspeed. The embedded training element is also of note, requiring synthetic sensors and data link capabilities that will ensure the T-X aircraft very closely approximates the real platform. The final request for proposal is expected to be published before the end of 2016; what will follow remains to be seen, but with the T-X programme possibly the most prestigious and lucrative fast jet training programme underway, the stakes for all bidders are high and it’s likely to be an exciting ride. Related Content Follow Us:   Images USAF's T-X programme aims to find a modern replacement for the T-38 Talon jet trainer. Lockheed Martin's T-50A is based on the FA-50 in production for the South Korean military. AETC director Brig. Gen. Dawn Dunlop has said the T-38 is "no longer a practical trainer". The T-100 has been developed by Raytheon in partnership with Leonardo, Honeywell and CAE. Follow Us: Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links Newsletter sign up Online magazine sign up www.airforce-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.

Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Contract Awards / Boeing to Provide Navy More F/A-18 Spare Parts Under $197M Delivery Order Boeing to Provide Navy More F/A-18 Spare Parts Under $197M Delivery Order Mary-Louise Hoffman October 25, 2016 Contract Awards, News 809 Views The Defense Logistics Agency has awarded Boeing (NYSE: BA) a $196.7 million delivery order to supply the U.S. Navy with additional F/A-18 Hornet spare parts. The Defense Department said Monday it expects Boeing to fulfill the order by Dec. 30, 2019 and the purchase will be financed with the Navy’s working capital funds in fiscal year 2017 through fiscal 2019. Boeing designed the Hornet aircraft to function in a fighter mode during fleet air defense missions or in an attack mode during force projection, interdiction and close and deep air support operations. DLA also ordered $984.3 million worth of the company’s F/A-18 spare parts for the Navy in August. The delivery orders fall under a potential 10-year, sole-source acquisition contract. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags aircraft spare parts ba Boeing Contract Award delivery order F/A-18 featured govcon U.S. Navy Related Articles November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 GAO Denies 9 Bid Protests of DHA Tricare Contract Awards to Humana, Health Net November 15, 2016 SES, Raytheon Vet Kevin Benedict Joins DataPath as US Govt Sales SVP November 15, 2016 Check Also Arlington Capital Partners Merges EOIR With Proteus Technologies, Intelligent Software Solutions to Form Polaris Alpha Arlington Capital Partners has established a new company known as Polaris Alpha after the Washington-based private … Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan Join Mitre Board of Trustees Mike Rogers, former representative of Michigan’s eighth congressional district, and Cathy Minehan, managing director of Arlington … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,343 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now




Editorials Editorial: No way all those absent Chicago teachers are ill Editorials Editorial: Aaron Schock and the mysteries of personal character Opinion Roger Simon: Trump must now feed the beast Opinion Ontiveros: A brush with goodness lifts post-election spirits Marlen Garcia Garcia: Under President Trump, immigrants fear deportation Opinion Phil Kadner: Angry voters play a Trump card Opinion S.E. Cupp: Dems can blame themselves for Trump election Opinion Jack Higgins’ Perspective for October 24, 2016 Letters Letters: Think twice about hard time for nonviolent offenders Laura Washington Laura Washington: Can we live up to a master artist’s vision? 53° Opinion Trending 2016 Candidates Questionnaires DOWNLOAD SUN-TIMES ENDORSEMENTS 2016 Candidates Opinion Home News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Lifestyles Home Gene Lyons John Fountain Laura Washington Letters Madeleine Doubek Marlen Garcia Other Views Roger Simon Sue Ontiveros Sponsored Content Opinion Editorials 10/26/2016, 06:16pm Editorial: To really boost wages, train our future workers Fast food workers and community activists protest last year in Chicago, Illinois, calling for an increase in the minimum wage (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) Sun-Times Editorial Board Follow @csteditorials The Cook County Board took a necessary step toward improving workers’ lives and the local economy Wednesday when it voted to raise the minimum wage to $13 by 2020. But, politically speaking, that was the easy job. Now comes the hard part: Creating a stronger local economy of higher-paying jobs so that fewer full-time workers are stuck in minimum-wage gigs to begin with. The County Board, along with government at all levels and the business community — could do much more to grow and attract such jobs, and to train the skilled work force necessary for those jobs. EDITORIAL Follow @csteditorials As Greg Baise, president and CEO of the Illinois Manufacturers Association and John Blazey of Boeing write in online opinion piece at chicago.suntimes.com, more than 30,000 manufacturing engineers and production technicians will retire from Illinois’ work force each year until 2028. Those are good jobs we should ensure are filled here. In Illinois, the average manufacturing worker earns $81,000 a year in salary and benefits. But Edward Gordon, an author on work force issues and a member of the Chicago Renaissance Manufacturing Council, says that while Chicago businesses and educational institutions have made progress in training people for the jobs of tomorrow, they can and must do more. “The reality remains that we have a growing number of vacant jobs, and we have a growing number of people who have dropped out of the work force because no one will train them [for those vacant jobs],” Gordon says. Raising the minimum wage in Cook County will boost the local economy because low-wage workers tend to spend their money here, says Cook County Commissioner Larry Suffredin, the lead sponsor of the proposal to raise the minimum wage. About 200,000 people are expected to benefit, he said. Moreover, by 2020, the Cook County law will level the playing field between businesses in Chicago and suburban Cook County, provided home rule suburbs in Cook County don’t opt out. Chicago already has raised its minimum wage, which will increase to $13 for non-tipped employees by 2019. Ideally, the state would raise its minimum wage, which is stuck at $8.25, a buck higher than the federal minimum wage. It’s worth remembering that this federal minimum, $7.25, would be about $11 if it had kept up with inflation since 1968. Not everyone is cheering the wage hike.  Businesses, especially smaller ones, have had to cope with stiff property tax increases in Chicago, sales taxes that have risen in some areas to the highest in the nation, higher tobacco taxes, newly mandated sick pay and a plastic bag ban. Higher minimum wages will be another burden on them. But minimum-wage workers are no longer mostly high school and college kids looking for a little spending money. Today, they are far more likely to be men and women paying rent, buying groceries and raising children. They deserve better pay now — and a chance at a better job down the road. Tweets by @csteditorials # Cook County Board Cook County Commissioner Larry Suffredin Chicago Previously from Opinion Editorial: Jail is meant for the dangerous, not for shoplifters | Chicago Sun-Times Jesse Jackson: The right to vote in America has been fractured | Chicago Sun-Times Editorial: No way all those absent Chicago teachers are ill | Chicago Sun-Times Editorial: Cops can't solve murders without trust and detectives | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Madigan and Rauner meet, Republicans left scratching their heads | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Stocks Mixed as Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Reports Quarterly Profit Apple's losses were offset by a strong performance from Boeing Oct 26, 2016, 5:53 pm EST  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist     U.S. equities danced around the unchanged line on Wednesday but mostly finished lower as crude oil dropped and the flow of Q3 results intensified. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.2%, the S&P 500 Index lost 0.2%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.6% and the Russell 2000 lost 0.9%. Treasury bonds were weaker, the dollar was mixed, gold lost 0.6% and crude oil lost 1.6% on ongoing doubts about the likelihood of an OPEC supply freeze deal being implemented. Financial stocks led the way with a 0.6% gain while healthcare was the laggard, down 0.7%, on fears an electoral win by Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton — who is ahead in the polls — could pinch profitability amid calls for increased regulation. 7 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Yield 4% or More Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) gained 4.7% on a Q3 earnings and revenue beat with strong forward guidance. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) fell 9.3% after third-quarter results missed across the board with comp-store sales down 21.9% and traffic down 15% as the company continues to suffer the fallout from last year’s E.coli outbreak. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) fell 2.3% as Wall Street reacted to in line results that still posted big year-over-year drops in revenues, earnings, and iPhone sales. On the economic front, new home sales came in at a 593k seasonally adjusted annualized rate in September, below the 600k that was expected. The Markit services flash PMI rose to 54.8 from 52.3 in September beating estimates. And the trade deficit shrank to $56.1 billion down $3.1 billion from a month ago. After the close, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) surged 5.1% on a surprise reporting of earnings per share of 71 cents when just 14 cents were expected. Revenues came in at $2.3 billion vs. $2.1 billion expected. The result was marred somewhat by a last-minute accounting change, so keep that in mind. Cash flow remains a worry, down nearly $40 million from a year ago. Production was up 93% from last year. Tesla Stock, Elon Musk Finally Silence Their Critics (TSLA) Keep an eye on crude oil going forward with earnings from oil majors including Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) on deck. Edge subscribers are enjoying a near 3% gain in their new ProShares UltraShort Crude Oil (NYSEARCA:UCO) position while Edge Pro subscribers just initiated a position in the XOM Nov $86 puts. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to InvestorPlace readers. More From InvestorPlace 7 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Yield 4% or More 3 Blue-Chip Stocks With Hidden Benefits Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/stock-market-today-nyse-dow-jones-industrial-average-investing-news-tsla-tesla-motors-inc/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe S&P 500 Index Slips Amid Health-Care Earnings, Apple Sales View Anna-Louise Jackson aljax7 Rebecca Spalding @rcurtisspalding October 26, 2016 — 6:10 AM EDT Updated on October 26, 2016 — 4:40 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Equities seesaw on swings in crude oil, energy producers Lenders jump to 2016 high as yields on Treasuries climb Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The S&P 500 Index edged lower, after lurching between gains and losses, with corporate reports spurring a tug of war as financial and industrial companies advanced to counter losses among health-care and technology shares. A disappointing forecast from Apple Inc. weighed on tech, and Edwards Lifesciences Corp. plunged the most in three years to drag health-care lower after the company’s sales missed estimates. Countering declines, Boeing Co. jumped the most in 21 months following its quarterly report. Mondelez International Inc. rallied after boosting its profit forecast, and the KBW Bank Index rose to its best level this year as Treasury yields approached June highs. The S&P 500 fell 0.2 percent to 2,139.43 at 4 p.m. in New York, after briefly erasing a 0.5 percent slide when crude oil wiped out losses on signs of lower supplies. The benchmark renewed declines as oil again lost momentum in the afternoon. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33, bolstered by Boeing. The Nasdaq Composite Index slumped 0.6 percent, the most in two weeks. About 6.7 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 3 percent above the three-month average. “It’s not common to see the Dow, the S&P and the Nasdaq performing in such disparate ways,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist with Wells Fargo Funds Management LLC, which oversees $242 billion. “Only 4 percent of the time have we seen the Dow outperform the S&P and the S&P outperform the Nasdaq by these margins. It’s typically driven by just a handful of names or sectors sticking out like sore thumbs, so it’s important to not assume the Nasdaq is telling us something the Dow or the S&P are missing. Still, it’s rare and rare events tend to grab our attention.” The S&P 500 hasn’t climbed for more than two consecutive days for almost five weeks, unable to gain traction during an earnings season dappled with disappointing forecasts from Intel Corp. to 3M Co. and Apple. While 78 percent of companies that have reported so far beat profit forecasts and 62 percent exceeded revenue estimates, analysts still predict third-quarter income will be flat compared to a year ago. Google parent Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. are among those releasing results tomorrow. Shares moving on earnings news included: Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. sank to a three-year low, with quarterly results missing estimates as the company struggles to come back from an outbreak of foodborne illnesses last year. Southwest Airlines Co. dropped 8.5 percent after predicting a revenue measure may worsen this quarter, a sign of diminished power to raise airfares. Biogen Inc. rallied 3.7 percent after its quarterly profit topped estimates, with sales from a top-selling multiple-sclerosis drug jumping 10 percent. Northrop Grumman Corp. climbed to a record, after raising its full-year earnings forecast as third-quarter results topped estimates. Akamai Technologies Inc. and Juniper Networks Inc. surged more than 10 percent after their profits beat estimates, offsetting some of Apple’s drag on the technology group. Huntington Bancshares Inc. advanced 5 percent to a nine-month high after its quarterly results topped predictions. That helped sending lenders in the S&P 500 toward a ten-month high. Meanwhile, investors are assessing the likely trajectory of interest rates and the outcome of the the U.S. presidential elections, with the next Federal Reserve meeting and the vote both due in the next two weeks. Traders see a less than one-in-five chance the Fed will raise rates at its next meeting before the election. They are pricing in nearly 73 percent odds of a December move. A report today showed purchases of new-homes in September stayed close to an almost nine-year high, showing residential real estate was maintaining momentum heading into the quieter selling season. “The market is pretty directionless at the moment, chopping around in a range,” said Michael Hewson, a market analyst at CMC Markets in London. “Some investors are trimming down their portfolios ahead of next week’s Fed announcement.” The S&P 500 is on track for a third monthly decline and its worst since January. That goes against its historical trend -- the benchmark has climbed 1.9 percent on average in the past 25 Octobers, the biggest gain of any month. It’s trading at 18 times forecast earnings, the highest since 2009. In Wednesday’s trading, seven of the S&P 500’s 11 main industries retreated, with real estate sinking 1.3 percent while technology and health-care shares lost at least 0.5 percent. Financials and industrials increased more than 0.4 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index rose 5.8 percent to a one-week high. “The markets typically trade defensively in October before an election anyway, I expect more of the same,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Milwaukee-based Robert W. Baird. “The market is going to go lower before it goes higher. It’s going to require a springboard and that springboard requires slightly lower prices.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE S&P 500 Index Health Markets Earnings Tech Apple Inc War KBW Bank Index Dow Jones Industrial Average NASDAQ Composite Index Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Previous Next Stocks mixed as Tesla reports quarterly profit InvestorPlace 10/26/2016 Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Tesla surprises with quarterly profit Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT U.S. equities danced around the unchanged line on Wednesday but mostly finished lower as crude oil dropped and the flow of Q3 results intensified. Quotes in the article Tesla Motors Inc TSLA ▲ 183.77 +2.32 +1.28% In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.2%, the S&P 500 Index lost 0.2%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.6% and the Russell 2000 lost 0.9%. Treasury bonds were weaker, the dollar was mixed, gold lost 0.6% and crude oil lost 1.6% on ongoing doubts about the likelihood of an OPEC supply freeze deal being implemented. Financial stocks led the way with a 0.6% gain while healthcare was the laggard, down 0.7%, on fears an electoral win by Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton — who is ahead in the polls — could pinch profitability amid calls for increased regulation. 7 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Yield 4% or More © Provided by InvestorPlace USO Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) gained 4.7% on a Q3 earnings and revenue beat with strong forward guidance. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) fell 9.3% after third-quarter results missed across the board with comp-store sales down 21.9% and traffic down 15% as the company continues to suffer the fallout from last year’s E.coli outbreak. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) fell 2.3% as Wall Street reacted to in line results that still posted big year-over-year drops in revenues, earnings, and iPhone sales. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts On the economic front, new home sales came in at a 593k seasonally adjusted annualized rate in September, below the 600k that was expected. The Markit services flash PMI rose to 54.8 from 52.3 in September beating estimates. And the trade deficit shrank to $56.1 billion down $3.1 billion from a month ago. After the close, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) surged 5.1% on a surprise reporting of earnings per share of 71 cents when just 14 cents were expected. Revenues came in at $2.3 billion vs. $2.1 billion expected. The result was marred somewhat by a last-minute accounting change, so keep that in mind. Cash flow remains a worry, down nearly $40 million from a year ago. Production was up 93% from last year. Tesla Stock, Elon Musk Finally Silence Their Critics (TSLA) Keep an eye on crude oil going forward with earnings from oil majors including Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) on deck. Edge subscribers are enjoying a near 3% gain in their new ProShares UltraShort Crude Oil (NYSEARCA:UCO) position while Edge Pro subscribers just initiated a position in the XOM Nov $86 puts. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Money readers. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Nokia Corp (ADR) (NOK), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (TEVA) and Home Depot Inc (HD) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks InvestorPlace Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Debuts New Taco Bell Logo InvestorPlace Mazda Recall: 70,000 RX-8 Sports Cars Face Fuel Leak Risk InvestorPlace WhatsApp Video Calling: 9 Things to Know InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 How to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Bonds0 This Quietly Rising Blue Line Spells Disaster for the Credit Markets Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options0 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Trading Strategies0 Wall Street Is Terrified You'll Discover These Three Profit Secrets Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Oil0 The OPEC Oil Deal Is on the Brink of Collapse, and This Is the (Unexpected) Culprit Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Harvest of Flame: Our Favorite Farming Play Just Grabbed a Hot Business With a 90% Growth Rate Rural Funds Group (ASX: RFF) – the high-yielding Australian farming REIT we recommended back on Oct. 14 – is adding 12,000 acres of cotton operations to its holdings. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 How to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Bonds0 This Quietly Rising Blue Line Spells Disaster for the Credit Markets Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options0 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Trading Strategies0 Wall Street Is Terrified You'll Discover These Three Profit Secrets Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Oil0 The OPEC Oil Deal Is on the Brink of Collapse, and This Is the (Unexpected) Culprit Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Gains with Q3 GDP in Focus Message: URL: http://mney.co/2eGITT7  ×  six  =  thirty Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Gains with Q3 GDP in Focus Message: URL: http://mney.co/2eGITT7  −  one  =  2 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Dow Jonesno responses Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Gains with Q3 GDP in Focus By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • October 26, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 9  +  9  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Dow Jones Industrial Average pushed higher on Wednesday despite a downturn in crude prices and mixed earnings reports. The Nasdaq and the S&P 500 both slumped thanks to a lackluster sales forecast from Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL). Another positive round of economic data helped support market optimism and set the stage for a critical GDP report on Thursday. Let's look at the final numbers on Wednesday for the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq: Dow Jones: 18,199.93; 30.06; 0.17 S&P 500: 2,139.43; -3.73; -0.17% Nasdaq: 5,250.27; -33.13; -0.63% Now, here's a look at today's most important market events and stocks, plus a preview of Thursday's economic calendar. DJIA Today: Markets Push Higher Despite Falling Oil Prices The Dow Jones rallied 30 points despite a downturn in crude prices. The market was largely boosted by shares of Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), which rallied more than 4.8%. The global airline manufacturer topped Wall Street EPS and revenue expectations. The company also hiked its revenue guidance, adding more fuel to growing investor sentiment. Don't Miss: 7 Reasons to Invest in Marijuana Stocks Now Meanwhile, in economic news, sales of single-family homes surged in September despite evidence of tightening supply in the U.S. housing market. U.S. trade data showed that the nation's deficit narrowed. Finally, the October services PMI index jumped to 54.8 from 52.3 in September. Today's positive data sets the tone for tomorrow's release of the third-quarter GDP report by the U.S. Commerce Department. Economists anticipate that the U.S. economy expanded by 2.5% in the third quarter. The price of crude oil today is falling again as traders fret about the possibility of another global supply glut and the collapse of the September OPEC production deal. The WTI crude oil price today fell 1.6%, while the Brent crude oil price dipped 1.8%. News of that lack of cooperation among OPEC countries and rising output in Nigeria offset a surprise drawdown in U.S. crude supplies. This afternoon, the Energy Information Administration reported that crude stockpiles fell 553,000 barrels last week. That shocked analysts, who had expected an increase of crude inventories by 1.7 million barrels. Of course, the real story is the instability of the OPEC deal. Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors says that the deal is on the brink of collapse, and he blames one unexpected culprit. Be sure to check out his latest insight and price forecast, right here. But a big story today was the earnings report of casual dining giant Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE: CMG). The stock had its worst day of 2016, falling 9% after the firm reported a huge drop in quarterly sales after the bell on Tuesday. Same-store sales declined by 22%. The company badly missed Wall Street earnings expectations as well. The firm reported per-share earnings of $0.79, where analysts had expected $1.62 per share. The company also fell short of revenue expectations. CMG stock has been one that we have recommended you should avoid. In fact, back in September, we explained why the company's short-term rally wasn't sustainable. And investors should expect that CMG will only face more problems in the future. Top Stock Market News Today, Oct. 26, 2016 Shares of Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) fell more than 2.5% after the company reported earnings on Tuesday afternoon. The technology giant beat Wall Street earnings expectations and topped forecasts for iPhone sales. However, investors balked at the company's forecast for future iPhone sales and raised concerns about a sharp revenue decline in China. Despite yesterday's forecast, the pullback in APPL stock this afternoon has presented a buying opportunity. Here's why you should own Apple shares and where the price of AAPL stock is heading next. Shares of Tesla Motors Inc. (Nasdaq: TSLA) are in focus as the company prepares to release its quarterly report after the bell. If you own TSLA stock or are considering it, there are three distinct keys to understanding where Tesla is heading next. We break them down, right here. Shares slipped 0.2% ahead of the earnings report. Look for additional earnings reports from Groupon Inc. (Nasdaq: GRPN), VMWare Inc. (NYSE: VMW), Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. (Nasdaq: BWLD), F5 Networks Inc. (Nasdaq: FFIV), Texas Instruments (NYSE: TXN), Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV), GrubHub Inc. (Nasdaq: GRUB), and Comcast Corp. (Nasdaq: CMCSA). Finally, if you want to make money through investing, you need to learn about a powerful Total Wealth Tactic. Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald shows you how you can double your money using a simple strategy while investing in Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOGL), the parent company of Google. [Editor's Note: Here's what you need to know.] Tuesday's U.S. Economic Calendar (all times EDT) Durable Goods Orders at 8:30 a.m. Jobless Claims at 8:30 a.m. Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index at 9:45 a.m. Pending Home Sales Index at 10 a.m. EIA Natural Gas Report at 10:30 a.m. Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index at 11 a.m. 3-Month Bill Announcement at 11 a.m. 6-Month Bill Announcement at 11 a.m. 7-Year Note Auction at 1 p.m. Fed Balance Sheet at 4:30 p.m. Money Supply at 4:30 p.m. Up Next: Turbocharge your investing returns with our top 5 money-making investment reports. Get them now – they're absolutely free. Click here… Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: dow jones today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  8  =  1 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Harvest of Flame: Our Favorite Farming Play Just Grabbed a Hot Business With a 90% Growth Rate Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Invest After the Election ElectionThe One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today StocksThe Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech StocksHow to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading StrategiesTwo Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin ElectionThe Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution StocksThis Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 EarningsHow You Can Win This Ugly Earnings "Baseball" Game Latest News November 15, 2016 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment Peter Thiel Is Trump's Key to Unlocking Silicon Valley November 15, 2016 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Biggest Stock Market Crash Indicators of 2016 November 15, 2016 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Climbs as Energy Stocks Soar Related Content Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Climbs as Energy Stocks Soar Dow Jones Industrial Average Today on Pace for Another Record High Dow Jones Industrial Average Continues to Climb After Trump Victory Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Within Reach of 19,000 Level Trending Posts 12164 Reads 1365 Likes How the Donald Trump Tax Plan Will Work The Donald Trump tax plan will significantly change the U.S. tax code. Here's what it means for you and businesses across the U.S... 7066 Reads 86 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA 54.37 (0.29%) 18,923.06 NASDAQ 57.22 (1.10%) 5,275.62 S&P 16.19 (0.75%) 2,180.39 AAPL 1.40 (1.32%) 107.11 BA -1.88 (-1.25%) 148.11 TSLA 2.32 (1.28%) 183.77 GRPN 0.02 (0.50%) 4.02 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Business Highlights The Associated Press26 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share ___ Some buyers call classes by 'Flip or Flop' stars misleading NEW YORK (AP) -- HGTV "Flip or Flop" stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa are capitalizing on their fame by offering pricy classes that promise to teach people how to flip homes for profit. But some participants said a class time was largely spent pushing them to buy more classes. The classes are run by Zurixx LLC, an education company based in Utah. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has received 50 complaints about classes connected to Zurixx since 2013. And at least one local Better Business Bureau office has warned people about its events, citing the more than 150 complaints it has received. ___ US stocks slip but steer clear of larger losses NEW YORK (AP) -- U.S. stocks dodged bigger losses and finished barely lower on Wednesday. Health care companies fell and Apple pulled technology companies down, but banks rose. Earlier in the day, stocks had appeared to be headed for a second day of notable losses, but they recovered some of that lost ground in late trading. Weak earnings for major companies hurt real estate investment trusts and health care companies. Tech stocks slid as investors were unimpressed with Apple's latest results. Banks continued to report strong earnings and Boeing boosted industrial companies. ___ Report: Women won't earn as much as men for 170 years GENEVA (AP) -- The global gap in earnings between men and women will not be closed for another 170 years if current trends continue, according to a new report from the World Economic Forum. The Switzerland-based forum's annual Global Gender Gap Report, released Tuesday, lists economics and health as the most challenging disparities between men and women worldwide. Of the economic divide, the report says that "at the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years." ___ Sales of new homes rose 3.1 percent in September WASHINGTON (AP) -- More Americans bought new homes in September, a sign that demand remains solid despite a shortage of properties on the market. New-home sales advanced 3.1 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. The gains were concentrated in the Northeast, Midwest and South, as sales tumbled last month in the West. So far this year, sales have increased 13 percent compared to the same period in 2015. ___ Coke profit falls 28 percent, but global volume up 1 percent ATLANTA (AP) -- Coca-Cola's profit fell 28 percent in the third quarter, but the beverage giant also said Wednesday that its global volume rose. The company said global volume rose 1 percent in the quarter, with gains in North America, Asia and Europe and other markets. In the quarter before, the company said global volume was flat. In North America, volume rose 2 percent, thanks to its water and sports drink brands, which include Dasani and Powerade. The company also reported growth of its Sprite, Fanta and energy drink brands in North America, offsetting a decline in Diet Coke. ___ Southwest 3Q profit falls 34 percent on higher costs DALLAS (AP) -- Southwest Airlines Co. says third-quarter profit fell 34 percent on falling fares and higher costs, and the company gave a weak revenue forecast for the rest of the year. The shares slid Wednesday, leading other airline stocks lower too. Southwest said that overall pricing remains "soft," and it forecast that a key measure of revenue per mile will fall by between 4 percent and 5 percent in the fourth quarter — more sharply than it fell in the third quarter. ___ Boeing has a banner 3Q and sees more of the same ahead DALLAS (AP) -- Boeing's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent on lower taxes, and the company raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and airplane deliveries. CEO Dennis Muilenburg called the aircraft market "generally positive" with a "moderate" pace of sales orders. Demand for the single-aisle 737 remains strong, he said, but the company might slow production of the bigger, two-aisle 777 jet until replacement demand picks up again early next decade. ___ Tesla surprises with 3Q profit DETROIT (AP) -- Electric car maker Tesla Motors has posted its first quarterly profit in three years. Tesla reported net income of $22 million, or 14 cents per share, in the third quarter, up from a loss of $229 million in the July-September period a year ago. Revenue more than doubled to $2.3 billion. Read More Tesla last made a profit in the first quarter of 2013. The results surprised Wall Street, which forecast a loss of 86 cents per share, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Analysts had expected revenue of $2.2 billion. ___ Despite ratings drop, Olympics boosts Comcast in 3Q NEW YORK (AP) -- Comcast's profit rose 12 percent in its most recent quarter thanks to the Olympics and gains in video subscribers. The cable giant has been winning back video subscribers despite an overall drop in the number of people who pay for traditional TV. There has also been a trend toward smaller audiences, even for big sporting events like NFL football and the Olympics. ___ Toyota adds 5.8M vehicles to global Takata recall total DETROIT (AP) -- Toyota is recalling about 5.8 million vehicles in Japan, Europe, China and other countries to replace potentially deadly Takata air bag inflators. The company says it knows of one person injured in a crash involving one of the vehicles but it hasn't determined if the injury was caused by a ruptured inflator. The vehicles have inflators that can rupture and spew shrapnel. U.S. vehicles with the same inflators are already under recall. Toyota says the recall brings to 23.1 million the total number of vehicles it has recalled worldwide to fix inflators. ___ Ford recalls nearly 412K SUVs to fix fuel leaks DETROIT (AP) -- Ford is recalling nearly 412,000 older SUVs worldwide to fix fuel leaks that could cause fires. The recall covers certain 2010 to 2012 Ford Escapes and 2010 to 2011 Mercury Mariners with 3-liter flex-fuel V6 engines. Ford says a fuel supply part can develop a crack and leak gasoline that could catch fire. A company statement says it's not aware of any accidents, fires or injuries caused by the problem. Most of the recalled SUVs are in North America. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average rose 30.06 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,199.33. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,139.43. The Nasdaq composite fell 33.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,250.27. Brent crude, the international standard, lost 81 cents, to 1.6 percent, to $49.98 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.73 per 1,000 cubic feet. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times Stocks in news: Tata Motors, Axis, BoB, Hindalco, Ujjivan, Dish moneycontrol.com All-Party meet: PM Modi asks Opposition to peacefully discuss all issues Ani Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema From demonetisation perspective, we are not impacted: Samir Joshipura of Sintex The Economic Times Kejriwal accuses Modi of receiving bribe as Gujarat CM IANS India Private Limited Bank manager fraudulently withdraws Rs 1.5 crore, absconding English Pradesh18 Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Vodafone loss doubles to $5.5 billion due to India write-down Deccan Herald Indelible ink to prevent multiple cash withdrawals IANS India Private Limited Vishal Dadlani Slams PM Modi’s Demonetisation Initiative, Invites The Wrath Of Twitterati Business of Cinema Amitabh Bachchan FINALLY Speaks Up On Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s Role In Ae Dil Hai Mushkil! Business of Cinema Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance 'RUMOURS' with 'Tube light' helped Kabir Khan ! IANS India Private Limited Kishwer Merchant's Bachelorette Party Is A Dream Come True For Every Bride Bollywoodshaadis.com Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Cramer: Trump Is a Friend of Fossil Fuels DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Closing Bell: Garmin Beats on Wearables Strength; Boeing Drives Dow to Gains Stocks ended mixed after crude slumped to three-week lows as hopes of an OPEC deal faded. Keris Alison Lahiff Oct 26, 2016 4:45 PM EDT Stocks ended mixed after crude slumped to three-week lows as hopes of an OPEC deal faded. The Dow ended with gains, though, thanks to an earnings-driven increase in Boeing ( BA) shares. Comcast  ( CMCSA) posted a strong earnings report. The cable company added video customers over its recent quarter, rebounding from a loss a year earlier, while NBCUniversal reported a massive jump in revenue tied to Rio Olympics coverage.  Garmin ( GRMN) rose as quarterly strength in its wearables division helped to offset weakness in sales of its car GPS devices. Overall revenue rose just over 6%.  Verizon's ( VZ) multibillion-dollar deal to acquire Yahoo!  ( YHOO) is still going forward, according to a Verizon exec. The acquisition was called into question after a massive security breach that affected 500 million accounts. If you liked this article you might like AT&T's DirecTV Offerings at a Crossroads Between FCC, Trump The FCC is questioning AT&T's practice of allowing users to view videos from its DirecTV subsidiary free of data charges, but President-elect Donald Trump could change the FCC's mind. Rachel Aldrich Nov 14, 2016 4:45 PM EST AOL Cofounder Case Says Trump Needs to Connect Silicon Valley With the Rest of the U.S. President-elect Donald Trump needs to 'bring the country together' by working in a more bi-partisan way, AOL Cofounder Steve Case said. Natalie Walters Nov 14, 2016 12:43 PM EST SBUX, GE, PFE: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the world of unknowns. Starbucks, General Electric and Pfizer are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST Here's Why Hedge Funds Put Few Women on Company Boards There's no dearth of good woman candidates. So why aren't more of them on company boards? Ronald Orol Nov 11, 2016 4:34 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mondelez and Akamai rise while Apple and Chipotle skid By Associated Press Published: 17:24 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 17:24 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Wednesday: Apple Inc., down $2.66 to $115.59 The tech giant gave solid forecasts, but after strong gains in recent months, investors sent the stock lower. Boeing Co., up $6.52 to $145.54 The airplane builder's third-quarter profit rose 34 percent and it raised its forecast for 2016 earnings, revenue and plane deliveries. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., down $37.65 to $368.02 The burrito chain reported a bigger-than-expected drop in sales as it struggles to win back customers. Akamai Technologies Inc., up $8.63 to $67.70 The cloud services company posted a larger profit and better sales than Wall Street had forecast. Juniper Networks Inc., up $2.43 to $26.15 Investors were pleased with the computer network equipment maker's projections for its business. Simon Property Group Inc., down $8.89 to $188.38 The shopping mall owner reported strong results, but analysts said they were concerned about the strength of its business. Huntington Bancshares Inc., up 51 cents to $10.70 Huntington and other financial institutions continued to report strong quarterly results. Mondelez International Inc., up $1.56 to $44.32 The maker of Oreo cookies, Cadbury chocolate and Trident gum a reported bigger profit than analysts expected. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Thursday, 27 October 2016, 7:51 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Apple slides on outlook Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - Equities slid amid a disappointing outlook from Apple, while energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In 2.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.03 percent advance. The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.7 percent. In 2pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.3 percent. In the Dow gains in shares of Boeing and those of Nike, recently trading 4.2 percent and 1.9 percent higher respectively, offset slides in shares of Apple and those of Merck, down 3 percent and 2.2 percent respectively. While Apple’s latest quarterly earnings per share exceeded analysts expectations, analysts were disappointed with its outlook for iPhone sales—especially given the rival Samsung’s woes. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple’s products are still seen favourably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," Neil Saunders, head of retail research firm Conlumino, wrote in a note, according to Reuters. The latest US economic data were better than anticipated. The US trade deficit shrank 5.2 percent to US$56.1 billion in September, bolstering hope that third-quarter GDP growth might beat expectations. “We now believe the boost from trade could be closer to a full percentage point, almost twice what we had expected," Michelle Girard, chief economist at RBS in Stamford, Connecticut, told Reuters. Girard said she now predicts real GDP growth in the third quarter of 3.3 percent. Separately, a Commerce Department report showed new home sales rose 3.1 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000 units in September, an unexpected gain. Mondelez International shares climbed, up 3.6 percent as of 1.35pm in New York, after the maker of Cadbury chocolate upgraded its full-year profit forecast. The company has increased its full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expects growth of about 25 percent on a constant-currency basis, Mondelez said in a statement. "Our third quarter results underscore our continued commitment to improve operational efficiency, expand margins and profitably grow volume while also investing in strategic growth initiatives for the longer term," CEO Irene Rosenfeld said in the statement. “In the face of challenging market conditions, we're building a stronger, more streamlined company that is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and attractive cash generation,” Rosenfeld noted. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.4 percent slide from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 Index slipped 0.1 percent, Germany’s DAX Index declined 0.4 percent lower, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index shed 0.9 percent. Germany’s Bayer, which agreed to buy Monsanto in a US$66 billion deal, reported better-than-expected quarterly profit bolstered by its pharmaceutical unit. Even so, Bayer shares closed 1.4 percent lower in Frankfurt as investors were concerned about weakness in its Crop Science division. Pharmaceuticals posted “encouraging” sales growth of 7.6 percent in the quarter, Consumer Health sales grew 3.6 percent, while sales of Crop Science were level year on year, Bayer said. “Earnings are not strong enough to fuel markets,” Ralf Zimmermann, an equity strategist at Bankhaus Lampe in Dusseldorf, Germany, told Bloomberg. “Some investors who had expected accelerating earnings may be disappointed.” (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Working with coastal shipping to help South Island 1:22 PM | Ports of Auckland Genesis Energy agrees to buy NZOG's stake in Kupe field 1:17 PM | BusinessDesk Investore Property's maiden first-half result as standalone 1:07 PM | BusinessDesk Tech to save the great Kiwi lifestyle 1:06 PM | SparkTank Family Owned Wine Company supporting the NZ Industry 1:02 PM | Glengarry Wines Markets rotating to value 12:56 PM | CMC Markets IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed 12:55 PM | BusinessDesk More   RSS Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra Project Echo part of international bat symposium in Hamilton 15/11/16 | Hamilton City Counci... Magnitude 7.5, 14 November, NZ Earthquake - Expert reaction 14/11/16 | Science Media Centre Severe weather to hit during quake clean-up 14/11/16 | MetService More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout d... 10:55 AM | admin Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievemen... 10:28 AM | admin ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” 10:16 AM | admin Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinio... 10:16 AM | admin Survey finds little impact on business from OECD t... 10:10 AM | admin NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 9:55 AM | admin 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced 9:49 AM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Nasdaq, S&P fall but Dow rises on earnings flurry | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump with the US elections? Firstpost. Wednesday, November 16, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Demonetisation: Good in long-term, bad in short-term; trade across India down by 25%, claims trade body Rahul Gandhi lashes out against Modi, says demonetisation could be a a mega scam 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Pranab Mukherjee Demonetisation looms over Winter Session: Modi govt braces for rough start tomorrow Sports ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC back in reckoning after 2-0 win over FC Pune City Demonetisation: Pune International Marathon postponed, will be rescheduled in January 2017 Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick hints at retirement after end of season Ranji roundup: Suryakumar Yadav helps Mumbai set UP a stiff target; Railways close in on victory Ranji Trophy: Selectors give Delhi's training a skip two days before team is announced India vs England: Amit Mishra admits to not bowling 'very well'; promises better show in Vizag Test India Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources | Reuters Demonetisation: Is Narendra Modi's move already working? Rs 30 lakh cash found in Guwahati drain Reversing the trend of previous weeks, petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying | Reuters Demonetisation: News18 sting operation reveals how black money helps hire Pakistani artistes World India's NSG bid: China must give in to its peers in elite group or risk isolation Leaked memo claims Britain has no Brexit plan, may need six more months Egyptian court cancels former president Mohamed Morsi's death sentence Nato chief 'certain' Donald Trump will live up to US commitments to the alliance UN chief Ban Ki-moon voices 'hope' Donald Trump will understand climate urgency Donald Trump meets Mike Pence to discuss US Cabinet appointments Business Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Sensex bleeds 514 points to 6-month low on fund outflow, weak rupee Owaisi draws govt's attention to currency ink, silver thread, says Pakistan has same supplier Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry spat: Independent directors hold the key as battle escalates Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Celebrating Kamal Haasan: How the actor became bigger than his medium Watch: The Ghost in the Shell trailer has too many white people to be set in Japan Dear Zindagi Take 4: SRK's voiceover and Alia's emotional turmoil make for an intense teaser Jagga Jasoos first look: Ranbir Kapoor's 'cute' avatar is well-timed with Children's Day Gautham Menon on AYM: 'Demonetisation has given the film an extra two-week run' Netflix but no chill? Online downloads, subscriptions from foreign sites to get 15 % tax US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Nasdaq, S&P fall but Dow rises on earnings flurry | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 27, 2016 02:00 IST #facebook   #follow   #follow-reuters   #reuters-news-agency   #twitter-follow   NEW YORK Quarterly results were the main driver for Wall Street on Wednesday as a decline in Apple shares weighed on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq, while the price-weighted Dow Industrials was buoyed by gains in Boeing.The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 30.2 points, or 0.17 percent, to 18,199.47, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 3.72 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,139.44 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 33.13 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,250.27. (Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 27, 2016 02:00 IST Related News U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted | Reuters U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat IS | Reuters Three Minnesota men sentenced for support of Islamic State | Reuters Southwest employee shot dead at Oklahoma City airport, flights halted | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years Opposition Seeks to Corner Govt on Cash Crunch, All Set For a Stormy Session - News18 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Vivo V5 first impressions: Has the makings of a perfect selfie smartphone How to build a retirement portfolio using mutual funds - Moneycontrol US college rush: Indian students on American campuses rocket by 25 percent Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted | Reuters Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal | Reuters Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers | Reuters Ahead of pipeline ruling, Canada says it wants Asia exports | Reuters U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Editorials Editorial: No way all those absent Chicago teachers are ill Editorials Editorial: Aaron Schock and the mysteries of personal character Opinion Roger Simon: Trump must now feed the beast Opinion Ontiveros: A brush with goodness lifts post-election spirits Marlen Garcia Garcia: Under President Trump, immigrants fear deportation Opinion Phil Kadner: Angry voters play a Trump card Opinion S.E. Cupp: Dems can blame themselves for Trump election Opinion Jack Higgins’ Perspective for October 24, 2016 Letters Letters: Think twice about hard time for nonviolent offenders Laura Washington Laura Washington: Can we live up to a master artist’s vision? 53° Opinion Trending 2016 Candidates Questionnaires DOWNLOAD SUN-TIMES ENDORSEMENTS 2016 Candidates Opinion Home News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Lifestyles Home Gene Lyons John Fountain Laura Washington Letters Madeleine Doubek Marlen Garcia Other Views Roger Simon Sue Ontiveros Sponsored Content Opinion Opinion 10/26/2016, 02:01pm Opinion: High-tech manufacturing needs prepared Illinois students (Photo by Tim Boyle/Getty Images) Greg Baise and John Blazey Often, we hear people say, “We don’t make anything in America anymore” or that “Good manufacturing jobs that helped build our country’s middle class have moved overseas.” That’s not true. Manufacturing is the backbone of our economy and of middle-class families. It contributes the single largest share — 12.4 percent — of the gross state product and employs 570,000 Illinois workers. In 2015, Illinois exported more than $65 billion worth of goods and services, 93 percent of which were manufactured products. As we celebrate Manufacturing Month this October, we must talk, too, about the issues facing our industry and our state. Chief among them is the rising shortfall in skilled workers who are ready for today’s high-tech, highly complex manufacturing jobs. OPINION As the Baby Boom generation retires, 30,000 manufacturing engineers and production technicians in Illinois will leave the work force each and every year between now and 2028. Finding skilled workers to replace must be a top priority of our educators and policymakers. Today’s manufacturing doesn’t happen in the dingy or dark shop floors seen. American factories are among the most high-tech, innovative places on Earth — staffed by engineers and technicians, and even computer programmers who are busy writing the complex code that run technologically advanced machines. To keep manufacturing thriving and to grow jobs here in Illinois, we must ensure that the talent pipeline remains loaded with young people ready to step into that demanding and increasingly technical environment. That is why Boeing and the Illinois Manufacturers’ Association are working so hard to prepare the students for the jobs of tomorrow. We are working to ensure our kids are skilled in STEM — science, technology, engineering and math — those fields that are critical to ensure America remains competitive. Students who can apply scientific, technological, analytical and mathematics skills to today’s lessons and problems will excel in tomorrow’s workplace — whether it’s a NASA clean room or a Boeing computer-assisted-design workstation. If we keep saying we don’t make anything in America anymore, then eventually we won’t. Today, only 35 percent of parents encourage their children to pursue careers in manufacturing. Why would we expect our nation’s next generation to pursue careers in manufacturing? The best message to send to our next generation of workers is that high-tech manufacturing is a promising career path. In Illinois, the average manufacturing worker earns $81,000 a year in salary and benefits, nearly $27,000 more than the average worker in Illinois. Well over 90 percent of manufacturing workers have medical benefits. Those in the manufacturing sector have some of the longest tenure in the private sector. The Illinois Manufacturers Association Education Foundation’s “Dream It Do It” campaign is designed to bring the facts to young people and boost existing efforts to ensure more kids graduate high school with the skills they need to succeed in high tech manufacturing. It works with students to chart “career pathways” that provide the education and develop the skills needed to prepare them to enter the high tech manufacturing workforce. In 2015, “Dream It Do It” successfully engaged nearly half a million students and more than 75,000 parents and teachers — creating partnerships that will help young people find great careers and help industry close the shortfall in high tech workers. Together, we can ensure that Illinois has the talent to jump-start our economy, meet the demands of tomorrow and ensure our state continues to be a hub of manufacturing. Greg Baise is president and chief executive officer of the Illinois Manufacturers’ Association. John Blazey is vice president of global corporate citizenship at The Boeing Company. [twitter-timeline username= csteditorials] # boeing co. Greg Baise illinois Previously from Opinion Editorial: Jail is meant for the dangerous, not for shoplifters | Chicago Sun-Times Jesse Jackson: The right to vote in America has been fractured | Chicago Sun-Times Editorial: No way all those absent Chicago teachers are ill | Chicago Sun-Times Editorial: Cops can't solve murders without trust and detectives | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times chicago news Madigan and Rauner meet, Republicans left scratching their heads | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
null
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Dow higher as Boeing gains offset Apple's fall 'The fact of the matter is the oil market is rebalancing itself' Published: 10/26/2016 at 4:04 PM (CNBC) — U.S. stock closed mostly lower on Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 21 points after briefly dropping more than 100 points, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 38 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 20 points off the index. The S&P 500 momentarily eked above breakeven before holding 0.22 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.32 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.64 percent as Apple shed about 2.7 percent. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Dow closes higher as Apple slide drags S&P 500, Nasdaq lower By Wallace Witkowski Published: Oct 26, 2016 4:05 p.m. ET Share By WallaceWitkowski Reporter The Dow industrials closed higher Wednesday even as a slide in Apple Inc. shares led the S&P 500 and Nasdaq to finish lower. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29% rose 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to close at 18,199.33, boosted by a big 4.7% gain in Boeing Co. BA, -1.25% shares but capped by a 2.2% slide in Apple AAPL, +1.32% shares. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.75% closed down 3.73 points, or 0.2%, at 2,139.43, as the real estate, health care and telecom sectors weighed on the index. The Nasdaq Composite index COMP, +1.10% fell 33.13 points, or 0.6%, to close at 5,250.27. Apple shares sank as quarterly revenue missed Wall Street estimates late Tuesday and projections were not as bullish as expected. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,923.06 +54.37 (+0.29%) Volume 100.7M Open 18,858 High 18,925 Low 18,806 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $148.11 -1.88 (-1.25%) Volume 3.5M Open $148.44 High $149.45 Low $147.19 P/E Ratio 22.55 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 91.7B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $107.11 +1.40 (+1.32%) Volume 31.4M Open $106.57 High $107.68 Low $106.16 P/E Ratio 12.95 Div Yield 2.13 Market Cap 578.2B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) Volume 684.0M Open 2,168 High 2,181 Low 2,166 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) Volume 0 Open 5,241 High 5,287 Low 5,236 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks mixed, Apple slides on outlook Margreet Dietz Thursday October 27, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on Stocks on Wall Street were mixed amid a disappointing outlook from Apple. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil but Boeing boosted the blue chips. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 30.06 points, or 0.2%, to 18,199.33. The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.6% to 5250.27 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index eased 0.2% to 2139.43. In the Dow gains in Boeing and Nike shares, trading 4.7% and 1.9% higher respectively, offset slides in Apple and Merck shares, down 2.2% and 2.0% respectively. While Apple's latest quarterly earnings per share exceeded analysts’ expectations, they were disappointed with its outlook for iPhone sales, especially given rival Samsung's woes. "In essence, in China and elsewhere, while Apple's products are still seen favourably, the distance between Apple and its competitors is nowhere near as great as it once was," retail research firm Conlumino head Neil Saunders wrote in a note, according to Reuters. The latest US economic data were better than anticipated. The US trade deficit shrank 5.2% to $US56.1 billion in September, bolstering hope the third-quarter GDP growth might beat expectations. "We now believe the boost from trade could be closer to a full percentage point, almost twice what we had expected," Connecticut-based RBS chief economist Michelle Girard told Reuters. Ms Girard now predicts real GDP growth in the third quarter at 3.3%. Separately, a Commerce Department report showed new home sales rose 3.1% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 593,000 units in September, an unexpected gain. Mondelez improves Mondelez International shares climbed 3.6% after the maker of Cadbury chocolate upgraded its full-year profit forecast. The company has increased its full-year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expects growth of about 25% on a constant-currency basis, Mondelez says. "Our third quarter results underscore our continued commitment to improving operational efficiency, expanding margins and profitably growing volume while also investing in strategic growth initiatives for the longer term," chief executive Irene Rosenfeld says. "In the face of challenging market conditions, we're building a stronger, more streamlined company that is well positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and attractive cash generation." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.4% slide from the previous close. France's CAC 40 Index slipped 0.1%, Germany's DAX Index dropped 0.4% lower, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index shed 0.9%. Bayer profit up Germany's Bayer, which agreed to buy Monsanto in a $US66 billion deal, reported better than expected quarterly profit bolstered by its pharmaceutical unit. Even so, Bayer shares closed 1.4% lower in Frankfurt as investors are concerned about weakness in its Crop Science division. Pharmaceuticals posted "encouraging" sales growth of 7.6% in the quarter, Consumer Health sales grew 3.6%, while sales of Crop Science were level year-on-year, Bayer says. "Earnings are not strong enough to fuel markets," Dusseldorf-based Bankhaus Lampe equity strategist Ralf Zimmermann told Bloomberg. "Some investors who had expected accelerating earnings may be disappointed." (BusinessDesk)   Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7090 -0.0037 -0.52% AUD 0.9392 -0.0029 -0.31% EUR 0.6608 -0.0026 -0.39% GBP 0.5695 -0.0001 -0.02% HKD 5.4989 -0.0299 -0.54% JPY 77.3690 0.2540 0.33% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 5.020 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 3.550 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 3.090 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6815.1 6770.4 0.66% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22270.9 22411.1 22222.2 0.46% NI225 17832.5 17850.1 17668.2 1.01% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 0.23% Most Popular Read Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura IoD's chief executive quits abruptly Shaken but not stirred: Sir Bob surveys Wellington CBD damage NZ small depositors won’t be forced to take a haircut if banks fail NZOG shares jump to 20-month high on Kupe sale, floats partnership for Shell assets Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Professor Anat Admati on bank deposit insurance and making banks safer In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson analyses why the bond market has collapsed and growth is going up John Bowie on grievances between Dame Lowell Goddard and the British government John Key says road and rail links were built a long time ago when less was known about seismic risks 'All of this carry-on about reclaimed land' in earthquake-hit Wellington is 'nonsense' – Sir Bob Jones Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED US stocks mixed, Apple slides on outlook
