
|Friday, February 3, 2017 Home News Local News Community News Canary Islands News News from Spain Business news Financial News Eating Out Restaurants in the North Restaurants in the South Prestigious Chef, Carlos Gamonal Lookout Sports News Bowls by Graham Cathcart Pets world Columnists Brian Eldridge Alastair Robertson Library by Anne James Short Story Walks by Sally Whymark Javier Estévez Ken Bennett John Lucas Health News Hospiten Arte Dental Dr. Saffiedine Motoring world Allan Mcintyre Emma & Graham Swain Letters to the Editor You are here: Home » News » News from Spain » Holiday plane pilots came face to face with paraglider in near miss Follow Us! Holiday plane pilots came face to face with paraglider in near miss  Posted: 8:00, February 3, 2017 by TenerifeNews A Spanish holiday jet coming into land in Málaga with 180 passengers and six crew on board nearly crashed after a paraglider appeared right in front of it! The plane’s pilots, who say it came within 100 metres of the Boeing’s left wing, first thought it was a bird. They took the split second decision to swerve and bank to the right and the paraglider went the other way, avoiding what could have been a fatal crash. The shocking incident happened on March 12th last year but full details of the near miss for the Norwegian Air Shuttle Boeing 737-800 from London Gatwick have only just been revealed. The plane was approaching runway 13 when the crew just happened to look out of the window and spotted the paraglider perilously close and not picked up by the radar. They were both at the low height of 6,800ft. The stunned captain, a 45-year-old Belgian, later said: “We would probably agree with the person in the paraglider that it was our lucky day. I cannot begin to imagine what would have happened if the autopilot had still been engaged or if we had not looked outside. We definitely would not have been able to make the evasive maneuvre!” The co-pilot was a 30-year-old from Ireland. A conversation between the pair and the control tower included the following exchange….”We have a paraglider pretty close to us here.”….”Which position?”…..”Exactly what we are, 6,800ft”….”Same altitude?”…”Same altitude yes”….”Thank you for that information, that was very close!” An investigation by the Spanish CIACIA said the identity of the paraglider had never been established despite contact with paragliding federations. It is known that enthusiasts of the sport fly in the area without a club despite the restricted air space. Letters were also sent to the local council warning of the situation but no reply was ever received. Investigators who have just released their final report say the appropriate steps must be taken to increase vigilance in the Malaga runway area of the Valle de Abdalajis. After the incident, the aircraft continued with its descent and landed normally. There were no injuries and no damage to the Boeing.   Posted in:  News from Spain Advertisment Facebook Advertisment Online Edition: Edition 568 Advertisment Local Weather Advertisment Contact details: info@tenerifenews.com Tel.: 922 30 49 87 Office hours: 9:30 am to 14:00 pm Address: Carretera Provincial 187 Edificio Itahisa Portal G – 1 Derecha 38390 Santa Úrsula Follow Us! © 2015 Tenerife News. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 2 Hours AgoReuters SHARES U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. Aaron M. Sprecher | Bloomberg | Getty Images The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition - including Boeing and GE -successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. show chapters 'America First' agenda is dollar positive: Pro    Thursday, 2 Feb 2017 | 1:22 AM ET | 01:59 Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. "The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials," said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PFE --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
BUSINESS Supersonic passenger jets might make a comeback, more than a decade after the last Concorde flight The sonic boom problem with supersonic flights NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project aims to solve the problem of sonic booms. (Feb. 2, 2017) NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project aims to solve the problem of sonic booms. (Feb. 2, 2017) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter The beak-nosed, supersonic Concorde was once described by a British ambassador as the “flower of the aerospace industry.” But while the sleek plane could cut travel times in half, it was ultimately doomed by a combination of high maintenance expenses, a slower market for air travel after the Sept. 11 attacks and high ticket prices. A round-trip flight from London to New York could cost as much as $18,260 in today’s dollars. Now, almost 14 years after the Concorde’s last flight, a handful of companies and entrepreneurs are betting that technological advances in materials and computing, as well as the boom in global business travel, could power a resurgence in economically viable supersonic passenger jets. “We’re benefiting from 50 years of progress in fundamental aerospace technology,” said Blake Scholl, chief executive of Boom Technology Inc., a Centennial, Colo. start-up that’s aiming to build a supersonic airliner called the Boom. “Since the Concorde was developed, the amount of international business and international travel has skyrocketed. You can find a huge market.” New supersonic planes, if they get off the ground, will still be comparatively pricey. Analysts predict the technology would be best suited, at least initially, to business jets. That’s the market companies like Aerion Corp. are aiming for. The Reno firm, along with European aviation giant Airbus Group, has been developing the AS2, a supersonic business jet that could shoot through the air at a maximum speed of Mach 1.5, or one and a half times the speed of sound. A flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo would take about five hours, compared with almost 12 hours today.  “I think its main customers would be very wealthy individuals who would look at it as the ultimate prestige aircraft,” said Ray Jaworowski, senior aerospace analyst at market research firm Forecast International, discussing supersonic jets in general. “It very much would have its own specific niche.” But breaking into the business market would require clearing other hurdles. For one, business jet operators are less concerned with speed than they are with range, cabin size and operating costs, Jaworowski said. The Boom is aiming at the larger airline market. Scholl says his company aims to build a 45-seat aircraft and says the cost to fly supersonic could eventually be the same as a business class seat on a conventional airliner. The company, which has just more than 20 employees, has received help with manufacturing and flight testing from Virgin Galactic’s Spaceship Co. Scholl has staked his claim on several advances, including a primary aircraft structure built with carbon fiber composites — like those in the Boeing 787 Dreamliner’s frame — which should be stronger and lighter than the aluminum exterior of the Concorde. The engines for the supersonic planes, though, won’t be all that different from those of conventional airliners. The Boom will have “medium-sized” turbo fan jet engines that have been adapted from a current commercial aircraft and will be modified by “major” engine companies that Scholl would not yet disclose. This decision, contrasting with the Concorde’s famous afterburners, will make the Boom quieter and more fuel efficient, he said. “The reason why [Concorde] prices were so high is fuel economy was poor, and there was no economy of scale,” Scholl said. “We have the technology for that today.” Scholl said he chose a modified commercial engine rather than a military-grade supersonic propulsion system because of the high emissions standards and efficiency offered by the conventional engines. And from a logistics standpoint, it would be more difficult for military-grade technology to clear export control, he said. Advances in computing power and speed are also key to developing more efficient supersonic jets. Engineers can now test prototypes through computer models and make tweaks immediately based on those results. Previously, they had to build a plane, test it in a wind tunnel and then tweak the design. “We’re now able to bottle physical features in a computer that a short decade ago were unheard of,” said Jim Ladesic, associate dean of industry relations and outreach at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s college of engineering in Florida. The idea of building faster, economic passenger planes has intrigued aerospace companies for years. In 2001, Boeing unveiled a concept called the Sonic Cruiser, which was to fly almost as fast as the speed of sound, 750 miles per hour. The company said at the time it was working with airlines to determine economic, performance and environmental needs for the concept. But oil prices were rising, and those plans were shelved just a year later as airlines ended up prioritizing fuel efficiency over speed. Research on the plane’s interior was later incorporated into Boeing’s more efficient 787. Both Boeing and Airbus have since expressed interest in developing high-speed aircraft. Boeing Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg has noted several times that the Chicago-based company wants to advance research of hypersonic — Mach 5 or faster — technology. Boom is currently building a one-third scale model test aircraft that it says will fly for the first time by the end of this year. The actual production aircraft, which will be 60 feet long and weigh 150,000 pounds, could fly its first passengers as early as 2020, Scholl said. The company has 25 aircraft orders to date. The first 10 will go to British billionaire Richard Branson’s Virgin Group, and the other 15 are on hold for a European carrier that Scholl declined to name.   One obstacle that may be out of plane makers’ control is the Federal Aviation Administration’s long-standing ban on supersonic flight  by commercial aircraft over land, due to noise concerns about sonic booms. Boom is planning to fly only transoceanic routes to avoid the issue. But a group of industry leaders, as well as NASA and universities including UC Davis, have helped devise new technologies over the years that could mitigate sonic booms.  One of these efforts is NASA’s Quiet Supersonic Technology X-plane project. Last year, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Co. in Palmdale won a contract to complete the aircraft’s preliminary design. The aerospace and defense giant has focused on changing the outer shape of the aircraft, giving it a needle-nose design with a slender fuselage, to alter the distribution of pressure and lift and therefore disperse the supersonic shock waves that cause the traditional boom. Supersonic planes traditionally generate shock waves from their front and back, which join together in a telltale “N” pattern to create that sharp crack of sound. The new design separates the waves so they don’t join together, said Peter Iosifidis, Lockheed Martin’s program manager for the aircraft’s preliminary design. That initial work will be completed in June, and a separate competitive contract for a more detailed design could be awarded early next year. NASA’s goal is to fly the plane over populated areas and gauge public opinion of the sound. NASA would then devise a recommendation on an acceptable sound level that would be taken to the FAA for consideration. Ladesic of Embry-Riddle said it’s unlikely that supersonic planes will expand beyond the business jet market, at least for the foreseeable future. There would need to be a compelling business case that conventional air travelers are willing to pay more for a seat on a speedier plane. Already, some airlines have cut back on first-class seats, and some carriers such as Southwest don’t even offer first class. But he was optimistic about the future prospects for supersonic business jets.  “I think the market’s always been there,” Ladesic said. “We just didn’t have the right pieces and parts to fit it.” Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption 4 stories you can't miss Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Two Republicans senators have defected and will vote against Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education. Could President Trump’s proposed 20% border tax set off an international food fight? Are emails and texts sent on the personal devices of government employees a public record? 22,000 new U.S. factory jobs  could be generated by limiting car imports from Mexico. Caption UC Berkeley protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. A speech by conservative firebrand and  Milo Yiannopoulos was canceled at UC Berkeley on Wednesday amid violent protests that prompted President Trump to suggest cutting funding to the university. Caption Judge Neil M. Gorsuch accepts Supreme Court nomination Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Neil M. Gorsuch, a highly regarded conservative jurist best known for upholding religious liberty rights in the legal battles over Obamacare, is President Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Caption L.A. Police Commission reviews the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  The L.A. Police Commission ruled Tuesday that officers were not involved in the case of a woman who died in an LAPD jail.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. Federal Judge Neil M. Gorsuch is Trump's Supreme Court pick. L.A.'s City Council voted to decriminalize street vending. Trump's team has hinted that some of the temporary travel bans could be extended indefinitely. LAPD officers were not involved in the death of a woman inside a jail cell. samantha.masunaga@latimes.com @smasunaga ALSO Northrop Grumman's $35-million contract may point to work on new stealth bomber Aerojet Rocketdyne chooses Alabama as assembly site for new rocket engine SpaceX gets new launch order, targets mid-February for next satellite launch Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times UC Berkeley — home of the free speech movement — finds itself under fire from left, right and Trump Snapchat company's IPO filing might be L.A.'s biggest ever Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump’s advisory council; Elon Musk will stay on but objects to immigration order Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  Iran ::  2017 ::  February ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading Iran says Trump cannot kill Boeing deal Iran Press TV Thu Feb 2, 2017 10:53AM Iran has rejected speculations that the deteriorating rhetoric by US President Donald Trump against the country could lead to the cancelation of a major plane purchase agreement with the American aviation giant Boeing. Iran's Minister of Roads and Urban Development Abbas Akhoundi told the domestic media that a deal which Iran has sealed with Boeing was "a commercial one" and could not be therefore cancelled through an order by the US president. "This cannot happen," Akhoundi emphasized in response to a question on whether Trump could order to kill the deal with Boeing. "This is a commercial deal." Boeing announced a $16.6 billion agreement with the national carrier Iran Air in December, saying the orders were on course to support nearly 100,000 new jobs in the United States. The deal, however, has already run into opposition in the Republican-run Congress and Trump's travel ban further makes it impossible for pilots, cabin staff and maintenance crews to enter the US for training. US media earlier this week highlighted concerns that Iran's deal with Boeing to buy 80 passenger planes had been thrown into doubt following President Trump's executive order barring travel by Iranians to the US. Meanwhile, Iran's Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan has warned that Iran would seek return of "prepayments with interest" if the Boeing deal were thwarted by Trump's administration. The aircraft have to be delivered over 10 years, beginning in 2018. The agreement includes orders for 50 narrow-body 737 passenger jets and 30 wide-body 777 aircraft. Boeing has said the deal was reached under the conditions of a US government license issued in September. Iran has also signed a deal with the European plane maker Airbus to purchase 100 planes. It delivered the first plane in January with more deliveries coming up over the next few months. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Trump Tells Israel to Hold Off on Building New Settlements Globe photos of the month, January 2017 Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In It’s GE vs. Walmart as corporate border tax feud erupts E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Steven Senne/Associated Press/File 2016 “I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,” said Jeffrey Immelt, chief executive of General Electric. By Lindsey Rupp, Richard Clough and Matt Townsend Bloomberg News  February 03, 2017 General Electric and Boeing are girding for a showdown with corporate giants including Walmart over a proposed US tax on imports, setting up a battle across industries that could be one of the most fractious in recent corporate history. GE and Boeing are among about two dozen companies that have formed the ‘‘American Made Coalition,’’ a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the US tax code. They say the so-called border-adjusted tax would help US manufacturers compete with products made overseas, giving a boost to President Trump’s goal of increasing factory jobs. Advertisement The battle is opening up a fault line in corporate America, with net importers mostly on one side and exporters on the other. Billions of dollars are at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Democrat, would reward companies that sell products outside the United States while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. ‘‘I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,’’ Jeffrey Immelt, GE’s chief executive officer, said in an interview this week in Boston. ‘‘I think all of our voices need to be heard.’’ Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Opponents of the border-adjusted tax say it would force companies to pass the increases to customers — boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts — without sparking a resurgence of domestic manufacturing. On Wednesday, more than 120 trade groups representing the auto industry and retailers such as Walmart backed a campaign, called ‘‘Americans for Affordable Products,’’ which focuses on the effect of a border tax on consumers. ‘‘This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,’’ said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is overseeing the effort to derail the proposal. Part of the opponents’ message is that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, their campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. Advertisement Republicans in the House of Representatives backing an overhaul have to win support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House to succeed. The border-adjusted tariff is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. In addition to GE and Boeing, the group in favor of the tax includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly, and Pfizer. Immelt said the proposed tax changes would help domestic manufacturers and contribute to Trump’s goal of boosting jobs in the United States. GE, he noted, exports more than $20 billion of products a year from the United States, while importing just a quarter of that. Still, he acknowledged that there will be ‘‘different camps’’ in the business community. Several Senate Republicans have raised doubts about a border-adjusted tax, including Georgia’s David Perdue and Utah’s Mike Lee, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it ‘‘could ravage huge swaths of our economy.’’ Democrats on the Senate finance committee have blasted the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was ‘‘risky, untested, and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences’’ like soaring consumer prices. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ Tom Brady’s humble beginnings here had hints of greatness After divorce, NBC Boston and WHDH both stumble in January Mass. Legislature overrides pay raise veto Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Home Industry General Electric, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax General Electric, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax US companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." By: Reuters | Washington | Published: February 3, 2017 6:53 AM The group’s launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent. (Reuters) US companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would “support American jobs and American-made products.” The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the “American Made Coalition,” also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group’s launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the US Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for US consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. You May Also Want To Watch: “American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system,” said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly’s vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the “border adjustment” tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company’s projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Budget 2017: How demonetisation and GST can benefit customers in the coming financial year Budget 2017 positive, expect Modi government to achieve fiscal targets: Moody's Individuals earning upto Rs 3 lakhs will now pay zero tax. Here's How Budget 2017: What Modi government does not understand about job creation Union Budget 2017: Capping of tax breaks on rented homes to discourage speculative activity, hit premium home sales Trending Now This has deeply affected me: Priyanka Chopra on US President Donald Trump immigration ban Happy birthday, Simbu. Check out the Twitter frenzy for the star's 34th birthday Punjab Elections 2017: AAP had unwittingly given a platform to radicals, says KPS Gill South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Viral video: When Uttarakhand CM Harish Rawat as 'Bahubali' left PM Narendra Modi, Amit Shah 'awed' Government plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, merger of 4 Honda raises full-year profit outlook on lower costs, weaker yen Uttarakhand polls: Satpal Maharaj says he lost out as Congress saw him as Hindu face Dwarf planet Ceres may have vanishing ice volcanoes Watch! Woman publically thrashed by village 'Sarpanch' in Andhra Pradesh What happened to Naga peace accord, CPIM's Sitaram Yechury asks PM Narendra Modi  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News जयति घोष का आकलन: नरेंद्र मोदी सरकार ने अपने ही फैसलों से इस बजट को बना ल‍िया है सबसे मुश्‍क‍िल आर्थिक समीक्षा में भूमि, रीयल एस्टेट को जीएसटी के दायरे में लाने पर जोर बजट 2017: जानिए क्या होता है आर्थिक सर्वेक्षण और क्यों इसे पेश करना है जरूरी... बजट 2017: इन बातों का ध्‍यान रख कम टैक्‍स से पब्लिक को खुश कर अरुण जेटली जुटा सकते हैं पैसा Assembly Elections 2017 News चुनावी सीजन में नेता-वोटर के रिश्ते पर आमिर खान का ये वीडियो हो रहा है वायरल पंजाब में मतदाताओं को ललचाने के लिए रम, व्हिस्‍की कूपन बांट रहे राजनीतिक दल प्रशांत भूषण ने शेयर की AAP सांसद भगवंत मान की 'टल्ली' होने वाली फोटो, शराब पीकर जनसभा में पहुंचने का लगाया आरोप Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Union Budget 2017 Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 58 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Flights continue aggressive expansion, but also match service on Icelandic budget carrier. Post to Facebook Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Flights continue aggressive expansion, but also match service on Icelandic budget carrier.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k3LIzD {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:42 a.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago 80 Shares This undated image provided by Air Canada shows an Airbus A319 painted in the colors of Air Canada Rouge.  (Photo: Air Canada) Air Canada will add Iceland to its route map this summer with seasonal service from its hubs in Toronto and Montreal. Air Canada Rouge, the company’s leisure unit, will fly the routes on 136-seat A319 narrow-body jets. The planes include 12 premium-economy style “Premium Rouge” seats. Flights from Toronto to Iceland's main international airport near the capital of Reykjavik begin June 21. Air Canada Route will fly from Toronto four times a week through Oct. 8. Montreal flights begin June 22 with a thrice-weekly schedule running through Oct. 9. "As the only Canadian airline and only Star Alliance carrier in North America to fly to Iceland, customers from across Canada and the United States can connect seamlessly and easily to these new non-stop flights from our Toronto and Montreal hubs,” Air Canada president Benjamin Smith says in a statement. USA TODAY Air Canada adds 3 U.S. cities in five-route expansion USA TODAY Air Canada adds four cities, 12 routes in major U.S. expansion IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A rouge Boeing 767 leaves the warm climate of Las Vegas, bound for Toronto, on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen As early morning rays of sun pierce the sky, a Boeing 767 lands at New York's JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the latest scheme, an Alitalia Airbus A330 lands at New York JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off for Tokyo from New York JFK on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen In honor of Leap Day, engine maker CFM's new LEAP powerplant makes an appearance on Boeing's 737 MAX, seen on Jan. 29, 2016 in Seattle, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new 737 MAX jet lands at Boeing Field in Seattle following a test flight on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 767-200 freighter leaves Seattle under cloudy skies in early February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-18 fighter jet taxis to a parking stand after landing at Seattle's Boeing Field on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With its unusual wingtip fuel tanks and easily visible swooping red stripe, one of Boeing's T33 chase planes rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on Feb. 6, 2016, for a test flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Allegiant MD80 takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field well after dark in February of 2016 on a sports charter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The picturesque mountains in northern Nevada make for great window watching onboard a Southwest Airlines flight on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sean Drake greets girfriend Samantha Hoch, bouquet of roses in hand, in the lobby of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unmistakable Las Vegas skyline makes for a unique departure view onboard a Southwest Airlines flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suburban cul-de-sacs outside Reno create interesting symmetry, seen on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under ominous skies on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines plane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 takes off from Las Vegas on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane lands on Seattle's Lake Union on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new livery makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane soars over Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands under a faint rainbow at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737 makes an awkward landing on a windy day at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 29 2 of 29 3 of 29 4 of 29 5 of 29 6 of 29 7 of 29 8 of 29 9 of 29 10 of 29 11 of 29 12 of 29 13 of 29 14 of 29 15 of 29 16 of 29 17 of 29 18 of 29 19 of 29 20 of 29 21 of 29 22 of 29 23 of 29 24 of 29 25 of 29 26 of 29 27 of 29 28 of 29 29 of 29 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The Iceland services furthers an aggressive international expansion by Air Canada during the past two years. Since 2016, Air Canada has added numerous new routes to the United States and to overseas destinations that include Algiers, Algeria; Berlin; Prague; Mumbai; Brisbane, Australia; and Marseille, France, among others. For Iceland, Air Canada’s new services comes about a year after Icelandic budget carrier WOW launched service to Canada. WOW, which has drawn headlines by selling one-way flights to Europe for as little as $69, flies from Reykjavik to both Toronto and Montreal. WOW, along with Norwegian Air, are part of a new breed of European “ultra low-cost carriers” attempting to disrupt the travel market on flights across the Atlantic. Their business models center on advertising incredibly low base fares, but charging extra for nearly everything else – including carry-on bags and advance seat assignments. WOW and Norwegian been expanding rapidly in recent years, adding numerous routes between the United States and Europe. USA TODAY WOW Air offers $99 fares to Europe; What's the catch? While Air Canada made no reference to WOW in revealing its Iceland schedule, it would not be the first time that an established full service airline responded to such competition with new routes. British Airways announced last fall that it would add non-stop service to London from Oakland and Fort Lauderdale. But BA said it would serve those markets not from its primary hub at London Heathrow but rather from its base at London’s Gatwick Airport, where flight schedules are tilted more toward leisure destinations. The routes also allowed British Airways to match Norwegian’s own recently launched routes from those cities to Gatwick, which has grown to become one of Norwegian’s busiest European hubs. “They’ve clearly been able to demonstrate that there is a market there," Willie Walsh, CEO of British Airways parent group, said to Today in the Sky about Norwegian in November. "We’re responding competitively." TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Outfitted for marine surveillance, a Canadian Government Dash-8 departs Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of partially completed Boeing KC-46 tankers awaits their fate while parked at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Cargo jets for UPS, top, and FedEx, bottom, trade places at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Snow covers a Cessna seaplane on a very cold day at the Lake Hood Seaplane Base in Anchorage, Alaska, in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KD Air Piper Navajo Chieftan taxies to a gate after landing at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska/Horizon Bombardier Q400 painted in an Oregon Ducks livery taxis for departure as a Virgin America Airbus A319 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 777-300 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech 1900D taxis in to a small domestic terminal at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Augusta Westland 139 helicopter lands at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Westjet's 'Frozen' themed Disney jet departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-400 lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudi Arabian Boeing 777-300 delivers from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The winter holiday travel season was one of the busiest ever in 2016-17. Here crowds pulse through Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Jan. 4, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An unfinished Boeing 747-8 rests outside at Paine Field, near Everett, WA, in December of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Caribbean Sea and Mexico's Yucatan coastline as seen from American Airlines Flight 886 from Cancun to Charlotte.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets at one of San Francisco International Airport's international concourses in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Centurion Cargo Boeing 747-400 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380 departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off on a delivery flight from Paine Field, near Everett, Wash,, in late December, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rare Everts Air Cargo Douglas DC-6 lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard a UPS Boeing 747 don Santa hats as they ready for a flight across the Pacific on Dec. 3, 2016 in Anchorage, Alaska.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cargolux Boeing 747-8F freighter jet lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lynden Air Cargo Lockheed C-130 makes an aggressive landing approach to Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Purples, pinks, and blues roll over the mountains of Alaska, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A USA TODAY newspaper sits on a first-class seat of an American Airlines A319 for a flight from Charlotte to Cancun, Mexico, on Dec. 30, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k3LIzD Most Popular Petition seeks to rename Pittsburgh Airport for Mister Rogers 80 Shares About 150 flights canceled after Delta grounds U.S. flights 1.5k Shares Izakaya fare meets mountain town flare... There 51 Shares AAA names its newest Five Diamond properties 957 Shares Deal watch: Three nights in Iceland for $999 Hilton makes major changes to its loyalty program 269 Shares
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax Reuters By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Bezos' fortune drops $2.8B in an hour after Amazon earnings report Snap makes it official: The Snapchat IPO is on © REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo FILE PHOTO - Boeing's logo is seen on its KC-46 Aerial refuelling operator's station demonstrator during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co (GE.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N) launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 162.26 -1.71 -1.04% Oracle Corp ORCL ▲ 39.98 +0.14 +0.35% General Electric Co GE ▼ 29.68 -0.01 -0.03% Eli Lilly and Co LLY ▼ 77.39 -0.21 -0.27% The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co (DOW.N), Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.N), Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp (TGT.N) and Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N), say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax.© REUTERS/Stephane Mahe The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Saris swirl at rare transgender 'birthday' party in Pakistan Reuters Your oldest ancestor was really weird and had a big mouth Reuters Mosul hotel catered to elites: from Saddam allies to suicide bombers Reuters Germany's Merkel says Europe has its fate in its own hands Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson ReutersFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane MaheMore By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co , Eli Lilly and Co , Pfizer Inc , and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc , say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2814 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3993 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 151 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 217 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Frederick's of Hollywood Frederick's of HollywoodSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 19° Clear High: 37° | Low: 16° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted February 2 Updated February 2 increase font size Amazon wants to become its own deliveryman This week's announcement of a Kentucky cargo hub is Amazon's latest move to build out its shipping and logistics unit. By MAE ANDERSONAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — Amazon isn’t content just being the “everything store.” Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon’s latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. This week, Amazon announced plans for a new air cargo hub in Kentucky. Associated Press/Ted S. Warren Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air.” The moves comes as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday that the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It’s an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it’s just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. “It’s not a big surprise,” Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon’s Kentucky announcement. “By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days.” E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries – and 63 percent of those in December – were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It’s no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. “It’s hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,” Roberson said. “Amazon is still not mature.” To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest “an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities” – at least double what it’s already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. “You could see a scenario in the future where they perfect their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,” said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Nation & World Tech industry’s opposition to Trump escalates Nation & World R.I. lawmaker fired from waitress job Business Workers adding more to 401k accounts and taking out fewer loans against them Business Ralph Lauren CEO Stefan Larsson stepping down Recent Read Shared At a glance: The Johnson Amendment Major league notebook: Cardinals reach deal with Martinez Former basketball player's journey is of hope and healing Boys' hockey: Cape Elizabeth surges to overtime victory NBA roundup: Wizards keep on winning Recreational marijuana is now legal in Maine. Here's what you need to know Time Warner cheated customers on internet speed, New York AG says This message appeared in huge letters on an Acadia beach Ku Klux Klan fliers shock residents of Freeport, Augusta neighborhoods Saco woman remembered for unfailing kindness An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 49-55 We set you thinking Friday 3 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal 1486110617 World Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' 1486110685 World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used 1486111028 Business Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch 1486090664 Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group 1486088555 World Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians 1486110444 World Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' 1486109090 World Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees 1486108748 Business Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources 1486110367 Business Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions 1486108962 World China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea 1486107223 World Pence to attend Munich Security Conference, organizers say 1486107146 World Pirates, cyclones and mud: Bangladesh's island solution to Rohingya crisis 1486107456 Business Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa 1486108364 World Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' 1486103262 World Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties 1486097096 Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships 1486108607 World Iranian refugee who sought asylum in Fiji deported back to PNG 1486105597 World Turkey to meet Syrian opposition, rebel groups in Ankara on Friday: sources 1486105536 Lifestyle Popstar chef Davide Oldani opens FOO’D in Singapore 1486106512 World Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high 1486105260 World South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe 1486104855 World White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace 1486104754 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 1486082229 World Malaysia to document stateless Chinese in Sarawak with aim to grant citizenship 1486105002 World Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official 1486101536 World South Korea prosecutor may ask acting president to allow Blue House search 1486102560 Business U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong 1486101909 Business U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies 1486102389 World U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources 1486085476 World Tense call between Trump and Australian leader strains longtime ties 1486085160 China&India Chinese Lunar New Year greeting by Donald Trump’s granddaughter sparks huge media interest 1486099380 World Exclusive: U.S. officials postpone interviews with asylum seekers held in Australian camps 1486100688 World Philippine miners say closures to hit 1.2 million people, vow to fight back 1486100973 World Australia's Tigerair abruptly quits Bali flights after Indonesia ruling 1486100764 World Life at Brazilian prison where ‘the state has lost control’ 1486100460 World North Korean defector sees 'crack in elite' in report of minister's dismissal 1486100150 Business Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy 1486099894 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' 1486097580 World Inner strength, not ‘anti-hysteria kit’, is antidote to evil spirits, Malaysian faith healer says 1486087320 China&India Why is Donald Trump giving Chinese leader Xi Jinping the apparent cold shoulder? 1486096260 World N Korea spy head dismissed: S Korea 1486096500 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager 1486095513 World Their new life in US was ready — then Trump signed his decree 1486095404 World Melania Trump, America’s low-profile first lady 1486095106 Business Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump 1486094247 World Trump hit with US$6m fine in golf club lawsuit 1486094515 World Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada 1486094509 World The long, arduous trek to find the American Dream 1486094201 World U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says 1486091600 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:20 AM, February 3, 2017 Updated: 3:00 PM, February 3, 2017 WASHINGTON - U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co <GE.N> and Boeing Co <BA.N> launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co <DOW.N>, Eli Lilly and Co <LLY.N>, Pfizer Inc <PFE.N>, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp <TGT.N> and Best Buy Co Inc <BBY.N>, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new hybrid, Nissan offers cheaper route to electric cars White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators Wells Fargo asset-based lending head resigns Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Waymo's self-driving cars improve performance in California tests Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won Wall Street stalls as market, Trump priorities diverge Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street falls the most this year as Trump honeymoon sours Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships Softball association pays tribute to late softball coach Josephine Lim Gun clubs told to get rid of 70 weapons for security reasons Tay makes U-turn, rejoins S'pore Table Tennis Association Former Chelsea star Lampard retires at 38 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' Schwarzenegger to Trump: ‘Why don’t we switch jobs?’ Get up close to Chingay floats in Chinatown British singer Vera Lynn to release new album at 100 Gilles Peterson, Esperanza Spalding join Sing Jazz line-up About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search GE, Boeing, Oracle Take Action to Support Border Tax ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More GE, Boeing, Oracle Take Action to Support Border Tax By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson Published February 02, 2017 White House Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print United States President Donald Trump prepares to sign three Executive Orders in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC on Monday, January 23, 2017. These concerned the withdrawal of the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (... TPP), a US Government hiring freeze for all departments but the military, and "Mexico City" which bans federal funding of abortions overseas. Credit: Ron Sachs / Pool via CNP - NO WIRE SERVICE- Photo by: Ron Sachs/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images Expand U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." Continue Reading Below The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition - including Boeing and GE - successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. "The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials," said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." Posted 03 Feb 2017 06:10 Updated 03 Feb 2017 08:40 The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe Boeing's logo is seen on its KC-46 Aerial refuelling operator's station demonstrator during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A WASHINGTON: U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co , Eli Lilly and Co , Pfizer Inc , and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc , say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of US$1 billion and turn it into a US$2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson ReutersFebruary 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane MaheMore By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co <GE.N> and Boeing Co <BA.N> launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co <DOW.N>, Eli Lilly and Co <LLY.N>, Pfizer Inc <PFE.N>, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp <TGT.N> and Best Buy Co Inc <BBY.N>, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2814 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3993 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% Here's Why Busy Businesses Count On DIRECTV. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 151 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 217 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax By Reuters Published: 17:05 EST, 2 February 2017 | Updated: 17:05 EST, 2 February 2017 e-mail By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By Associated Press Published: 22:36 EST, 2 February 2017 | Updated: 22:36 EST, 2 February 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon¿s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Public Policy > It’s GE vs. Wal-Mart as Corporate Feud Breaks Out Over Tax It’s GE vs. Wal-Mart as Corporate Feud Breaks Out Over Tax Feb 2, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 GE and Boeing are among about two dozen companies that have formed the “American Made Coalition,” a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code. They say the so-called  border-adjusted tax would help U.S. manufacturers compete with products made overseas. More About: Trump and Manufacturing Advertisement General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are girding for a showdown with corporate giants including  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. over a proposed U.S. tax on imports, setting up a battle across industries that could be one of the most fractious in recent corporate history. GE and Boeing are among about two dozen companies that have formed the “ American Made Coalition,” a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code. They say the so-called  border-adjusted tax would help U.S. manufacturers compete with products made overseas, giving a boost to President Donald Trump’s goal of increasing factory jobs. The battle is opening up a fault line in corporate America, with net importers mostly on one side and exporters on the other. Billions of dollars are at stake: The  proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, would reward companies that sell products outside the U.S. while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. “I respect Wal-Mart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Wal-Mart,”  Jeffrey Immelt, GE’s chief executive officer, said in an interview this week in Boston. “I think all of our voices need to be heard.” Popular Now The Ups and Downs of Made in the USA Addressing Privacy and Security Issues in the Connected Car Sewing Digital Transformation into the Fabric of the Textiles Industry Higher Prices Opponents of the border-adjusted tax say it would force companies to pass the increases to customers -- boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts -- without sparking a resurgence of domestic manufacturing. On Feburary 1, more than 120 trade groups representing the auto industry and retailers such as Wal-Mart backed a campaign, called “ Americans for Affordable Products,” which focuses on the impact of a border tax on consumers. “This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,” said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is overseeing the effort to derail the proposal. Part of the opponents’ message is that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, their campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. Republicans in the House of Representatives backing an overhaul have to win support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House to succeed. The border-adjusted tariff is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. Besides GE and Boeing, the group in favor of the tax includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly & Co. and Pfizer Inc. Immelt said the proposed tax changes would help domestic manufacturers and contribute to Trump’s goal of boosting jobs in the U.S. GE, he noted, exports more than $20 billion of products a year from the U.S., while importing just a quarter of that. Still, he acknowledged that there will be “different camps” in the business community. Several Republicans in the Senate have raised doubts about a border-adjusted tax, including Georgia’s David Perdue and Utah’s Mike Lee, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it “could ravage huge swaths of our economy.” Democrats on the Senate finance committee have blasted the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was “risky, untested and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences” like soaring consumer prices. By Lindsey Rupp, Richard Clough and Matt Townsend Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Wal-Mart to Buy 51% of South Africa's Retailer Wal-Mart Fined $110 Million Over Hazardous Waste Wal-Mart in Talks to Buy South African Wholesaler Massmart Wal-Mart Shuts Down Newly Unionized Tire Shop Wal-Mart Pledges To Allow Unions In All China Stores THE LATEST Harley-Davidson Executives Meet with Trump In an IoT World, You Must Fight Off Both Hackers and Rivals Sewing Digital Transformation into the Fabric of the Textiles Industry 10 Tech Predictions for 2017 and Beyond It’s GE vs. Wal-Mart as Corporate Feud Breaks Out Over Tax Addressing Privacy and Security Issues in the Connected Car More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 31, 2017 Article IndustryWeek Trisha Lemery Finds the Fun - and Profit - in Manufacturing 1 Trisha Lemery keeps Winsert Inc., the engine component business her father started, growing with a potent mix of innovation, employee appreciation and focus on customers' needs....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Is This the Real Life? Is This Just Fantasy? AR Hits Manufacturing Why a Low Price Sourcing Strategy Will Doom Your Lean Efforts Immelt Talks Up Global Ties as Trump Pivots From Trade Trisha Lemery Finds the Fun - and Profit - in Manufacturing Surge in Electric Cars Could Blindside Big Oil IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Get Smart: Key considerations for developing smart machines and equipment Attacking Risk at its Roots The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Will DeVos be a weakened education secretary? Trump’s Enemies Within Ivanka Trump's dinner party diplomacy Trump picks up the phone, sets off diplomatic chaos Melania’s office is the loneliest place in the White House White House nixed Holocaust statement naming Jews Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print New players in border-adjustment tax fight By Theodoric Meyer 02/02/17 02:49 PM EST With Daniel Lippman, Taylor Gee, Mary Lee and Kaitlyn Burton CLASHING COALITIONS ON BORDER-ADJUSTMENT TAX: Two new groups are joining the coming fight over House Republicans’ border-adjustment tax. On one side is the American Made Coalition, a new group announced Thursday backing the tax measure. The group won’t release the full list of the more than 25 businesses that make up the coalition, but GE and Boeing have confirmed they’re involved. “Can’t speak to the budget at this point, but we’ll engage in a substantial advocacy effort to make sure Congress knows this is the best path forward to help American workers win and compete globally,” Gordon Johndroe, a Boeing spokesman, wrote in an email to POLITICO. Story Continued Below — On the other side is Americans for Affordable Products, a coalition made up of more than 100 companies and groups that’s fighting the proposed tax. They include Abercrombie & Fitch, AutoZone, Best Buy, Crate & Barrel, The Gap, IKEA, Macy’s, Nike and Wal-Mart. (Full list here.) POLITICO’s Bernie Becker has more details here. AIRLINE CHIEFS PRESS TILLERSON ON GULF CARRIERS: The chief executives of American, Delta and United airlines sent Secretary of State Rex Tillerson a letter right after he was sworn in on Wednesday urging him to look into “the massive subsidization of three state-owned Gulf carriers — Qatar Airways, Etihad Airways and Emirates — and the significant harm this subsidized competition is causing to U.S. airlines and U.S. jobs.” The letter charges that the Gulf states that own the airlines, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar, are abusing the Open Skies agreements the U.S. has struck with them, “and our government has done nothing to stop them.” Here’s the full letter. MORE ON GORSUCH’S WASHINGTON PAST: President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court pick, Judge Neil Gorsuch, “could turn out to be a friend to business, having represented the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in fending off securities class actions, one of the most hotly contested areas of corporate law. … From 1995 to 2005, Gorsuch worked at boutique law firm Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel in Washington, becoming a partner in 1998,” Reuters’ Lawrence Hurley reports. “He had a wide range of clients, including individuals and nonprofits, as well as various business interests. While there, he filed two briefs on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce seeking limits to securities class actions.” Full story. Hello, and welcome to my second edition of PI. Thanks to the many of you who got in touch yesterday. Got a tip? Have an idea for how I can improve PI? Don’t be shy: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. PRUITT FIGHT GETS EXPENSIVE: The confirmation fight of Trump’s pick for Education secretary, Betsy DeVos, has gotten the most attention this week, but the conflict over EPA Administrator-designate Scott Pruitt is heating up, too. “The Environmental Defense Action Fund has spent $1 million opposing Pruitt, while NextGen Climate Action, the group founded by billionaire activist Tom Steyer, says its ad bill is seven figures,” The Hill’s Timothy Cama reports. “The National Association of Manufacturers is the biggest spender in favor of Pruitt with a seven-figure ad campaign of its own.” Full story. McCONNELL TO HEADLINE BGR FUNDRAISER: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and NRSC Chairman Cory Gardner will headline a fundraiser at BGR Group’s offices on Feb. 7, according to an invitation spotted by The International Business Times’ David Sirota. Sens. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), a former NRSC chairman, and Thom Tillis (R-N.C.) will also be there. Here’s the invitation. FUGATE HEADS TO BLUEDOT: BlueDot Strategies has nabbed Craig Fugate, who spent nearly eight years as President Barack Obama’s FEMA director. He’ll be a senior adviser, advising “BlueDot’s clients on emergency management implementation strategies and crisis communications,” according to a statement from the firm. FIDELITY LOBBYIST HEADS TO NATIONAL ECONOMIC COUNCIL: “Shahira Knight of Fidelity Investments has joined the National Economic Council as a tax policy adviser to Council Chairman Gary Cohn, according to multiple sources,” POLITICO’s Colin Wilhelm reports. “Knight was a lobbyist for several years at Fidelity. Prior to that she worked for the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, an independent lobbying group, and the House Ways and Means Committee, where she was senior adviser to the chairman. The Wall Street Journal first reported that Knight was expected to take the job in the Trump administration.” UBER LOSES TOP GOP LOBBYIST: “One of Uber’s top Republican lobbyists in Washington, Brian Worth, quietly departed the company earlier this month, according to two sources familiar with the matter,” POLITICO’s Tony Romm reports. “Worth joined the ride-hailing app in 2014 after working for then-House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy. A spokeswoman for Uber, which spent a record $1.2 million on lobbying in the nation’s capital last year, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.” MEANWHILE, IN CALIFORNIA: “Interest groups spent $309 million on lobbying California government officials last year, with new records showing the oil industry, environmental groups, labor unions and the health industry poured the greatest amounts into legislative and regulatory battles,” the Los Angeles Times’ Patrick McGreevy reports. “It is the second time in the state’s history that more than $300 million has been spent in a year, just short of the record $314 million paid out for lobbying in 2015. … The biggest spender was the Western States Petroleum Assn., which reported $7.7 million in payments for work, including a big push against Senate Bill 32, which requires greenhouse gas emissions to be 40 [percent] below 1990 levels by 2030.” Full story. SPOTTED: At the Jenkins Hill Society’s fundraising kickoff event on Tuesday, according to a PI tipster: Reps. Alma Adams (D-N.C.), Nanette Barragan (D-Calif.), Lisa Blunt Rochester (D-Del.), Suzanne Bonamici (D-Ore.), Julia Brownley (D-Calif.), Cheri Bustos (D-Ill.), Yvette Clarke (D-N.Y.), Susan Davis (D-Calif.), Suzan DelBene (D-Wash.), Val Demings (D-Fla.), Debbie Dingell (D-Mich.), Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.), Lois Frankel (D-Fla.), Colleen Hanabusa (D-Hawaii), Pramila Jayapal (D-Wash.), Annie Kuster (D-N.H.), Brenda Lawrence (D-Mich.), Grace Meng (D-N.Y.), Stephanie Murphy (D-Fla.), Jacky Rosen (D-Nev.), Terri Sewell (D-Ala.), Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) and Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.). Also there: Jenkins Hill Society founder Joy McGlaun; co-chairs Karissa Willhite and Anne MacMillan; and board members Nora Connors, Jennifer Frost, Alexandra Veitch, Alexis Marks Mosher, Kate Callanan, Binta Beard, Elizabeth Barnett, Heather Meade and Daniele Baierlein. — At the Beer Institute and the National Barley Growers Association’s annual Barley, Brews and Boots on Tuesday: Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Rep. Ken Buck (R-Colo.), Beer Institute chief executive Jim McGreevy, Dale Thorenson of the National Barley Growers Association and Carl Thorsen of Thorsen French. MORE JOB MOVES: — Amy Harris has started a new GOP fundraising firm, Red Strategies LLC. She was previously the fundraising manager for the National Association of Home Builders’ PAC, BUILDPAC. — Rob Damschen is leaving Wise Public Affairs to head back to the Hill, where he’ll be communications director for Rep. Kenny Marchant (R-Texas). He served as Wise’s director of special projects. Before that, he worked for Reps. Greg Walden (R-Ore.) and McCarthy. — Deloitte has promoted Tamiga Tremaglio to managing principal for greater Washington. — Thomas Doheny has joined CRSA, a government contractor, as director of media relations. He was previously communications director for Sen. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.). — Amanda Turner has started at Quorum Analytics, working in “customer success.” She previously worked for Sen. Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) as a legislative aide. — The Center for Responsible Lending has added Matthew Kravitz as communications manager for national media. Kravitz previously worked as press secretary for the North Carolina Democratic Party and Rep. John Garamendi (D-Calif.). — The American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity has added Michelle Bloodworth as chief operating officer and Mitchell Baer as associate vice president of policy analysis. Bloodworth was previously executive director of external affairs for the Midcontinent Independent System Operator. Baer is a veteran of the Energy Department. — Jamaica P. Szeliga, a lawyer specializing in intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, has joined Seyfarth Shaw as a partner. Szeliga previously worked for Leydig, Voit & Mayer. NEW PACs: Keystone Priorities: Super PAC, Unauthorized Swing Left: Non-Qualified Non-Party With Non-Contribution Account, Unauthorized NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: AJW, Inc.: Environmental Defense Action Fund Armory Hill Advocates (formerly known as Rawlson Policy Group): Almost Family Inc. Barnes & Thornburg, LLP: Ernst & Young LLP Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney Pc: Harrisburg University of Science & Technology Carpenter Strategic Consulting LLC: Wireless Infrastructure Association CGCN GROUP, LLC (formerly known as Clark Geduldig Cranford & Nielsen, LLC): Puerto Rico Department of the Treasury Federal Advocates, Inc.: Already Been Chewed Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP: MaineHealth LNE Group: Richard Nixon Foundation Mercury Strategies, LLC: Wireless Infrastructure Association (WIA) Monument Policy Group, LLC: The Miller Firm Steptoe & Johnson LLP: George Kaiser Family Foundation The Glover Park Group LLC: JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC The Glover Park Group LLC: Lattice Semiconductor Corporation The Glover Park Group LLC: The Word Network The McKeon Group, Inc.: Antelope Valley Transit Authority TwinLogic Strategies, LLP: Dell USA LP NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Carpenter Strategic Consulting LLC: Verizon Inc.a « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read White House nixed Holocaust statement naming Jews Trump picks up the phone, sets off diplomatic chaos Distrust in Trump’s White House spurs leaks, confusion  Federal workers turn to encryption to thwart Trump Trump’s Enemies Within Trump at National Prayer Breakfast: Pray for Arnold Schwarzenegger Trump threatens to pull U.C. Berkeley funding after protests against Milo Yiannopoulos turn violent Trump team building a wall inside National Security Council Melania’s office is the loneliest place in the White House Democrats Should Not Fear the Nuclear Option POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 2/2/17 Wednesday, 2/1/17 Tuesday, 1/31/17 Monday, 1/30/17 Friday, 1/27/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Print Still Refuses to Surrender By Jack Shafer How to Tame Donald Trump By John A. Farrell What Could Gorsuch Mean for the Supreme Court? By POLITICO MAGAZINE How Worried Should Environmentalists Be About Trump? By Zack Stanton and Alex Guillén More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... US threatens North Korea with 'overwhelming' retaliation if it uses nuclear arms International — 5h 2m ago Warren drags Tillerson into fight over SEC rule Senate — 6h 6m ago Trump Cabinet picks offer hope for environmental progress Contributors — 6h 8m ago Chris Christie: Attorney general job ‘would have been a hard thing to turn down’ Blog Briefing Room — 6h 45m ago Angelina Jolie: Barring refugees is 'not our way' In The Know — 7h 8m ago Judge dismisses Melania Trump's lawsuit against Daily Mail: report Blog Briefing Room — 7h 18m ago Report: WH blocked State Dept from issuing its own Holocaust statement Blog Briefing Room — 7h 40m ago Grassley wants Trump admin to release 'covert' refugee deal Floor Action — 7h 43m ago view all   Corporate donors to Trump inaugural revealed By Megan R. Wilson - 02/02/17 01:50 PM EST 2,342   © Getty Nearly two-dozen corporations gave upwards of $5 million in December alone to help fund President Donald TrumpDonald TrumpUS threatens North Korea with 'overwhelming' retaliation if it uses nuclear arms Judge dismisses Melania Trump's lawsuit against Daily Mail: report Nordstrom to reduce stock of Ivanka Trump merchandise: report MORE’s inauguration, helping contribute to the largest haul for an inauguration ever. Dow Chemical and Pfizer each shelled out $1 million, and Amgen, Exxon Mobil, Altria, Microsoft and sugar company Florida Crystals gave $500,000 a piece in the weeks leading up to the event, according to disclosure forms that were submitted to the House and Senate. The Presidential Inaugural Committee — an independent fundraising organization that foots the bill for items from port-a-potties to glitzy inaugural balls — does not have to disclose its donors for 90 days after the event.  However, lobbyists and entities that hire them must submit reports every six months detailing all political donations.  Reports indicate more companies gave to the inaugural festivities in January, bringing the total to at least $7 million, though the figure is likely much higher. In January, Chevron, Boeing and Coca-Cola became big-money contributors, with Boeing giving $1 million to the inauguration and the oil giant contributing $500,000, according to The Associated Press and Fox News.  Many of the companies who donated have a tradition of making donations to presidential inaugurations, no matter which party is in power. Coca-Cola, for instance, threw in an amount “in line” to the $430,000 it gave to Barack ObamaBarack ObamaTrump Cabinet picks offer hope for environmental progress Pence reaffirms plans to 'repeal and replace' ObamaCare Senate GOP campaign arm backs Gorsuch with ad buy MORE’s 2013 inaugural in cash and non-alcoholic beverages, but declined to name an exact figure.  Boeing also gave $1 million to help fund Obama’s swearing-in festivities in 2013. Another Trump donor, Exxon Mobil, donated $250,000 to both Obama and President George W. Bush’s post-reelection inaugural committees. The company’s former CEO Rex Tillerson is now Trump’s secretary of State. Dow Chemical, who is among Trump’s largest inaugural donors with a $1 million donation, also gave $250,000 to Bush’s 2005 inaugural.  A few weeks after the contribution, Trump named Dow Chemical’s CEO as the head of the American Manufacturing Council in his administration. Trump lauded CEO Andrew Liveris as “one of the most respected businessmen in the world,” who is keeping jobs with the Michigan-based Dow in the United States.  Livernis praised Trump in turn.  “You’re paving the way with your administration and your policies to make it easier to do business in this country,” said Liveris, a native Australian, at the event announcing his appointment to the council. “Not a red-tape country, but a red-carpet country for America’s businesses. America first!” Several companies that helped fund Trump’s inauguration did not give money to the reelection inaugurals of Obama or Bush, including Aetna, Anthem, MetLife Group, CVS Health and Monsanto.  Walmart and UPS also gave money to support Trump’s inauguration, according to Fox News, though the amounts remain unknown. Trump’s presidential inaugural committee reportedly raised $90 million to put on the events surrounding his swearing in on Jan. 20, dwarfing the amount raised by his predecessors.  Obama raised $53 million for his first inaugural in 2009 — and ended up with cash left over. He held 10 inaugural balls in 2009, which were all funded by donations to the presidential inaugural committee, while Trump only threw three of the galas. Bush took in $42 million following his election to a second term in 2004, with more than $20 million coming from corporations, industry groups, investment firms and lobby shops, according to a tally of federal records by The Hill. (Prior to that, donations to presidential inaugural committees were not required.) "I can't imagine how [Trump’s inaugural team is] going to spend that amount of money — and why they would even keep raising money,” Steve Kerrigan, the CEO for Obama’s 2013 inaugural told The Associated Press. “We planned the two largest inaugurations in the history of our country and we never spent anywhere near that.”  The event, following Obama’s reelection in 2012, raised $43 million. Like Trump, Obama rode a populist wave into office, pledging to change the culture in Washington. Part of that included eschewing corporate donations for his 2009 inaugural. (Obama did take corporate donations for his second swearing-in ceremony.)  Excess funds from Trump’s inaugural committee would be donated to charity, according to The Associated Press, but the committee did not respond to an inquiry from The Hill about how much money may be left over or what charities would benefit from the proceeds.  Tags Barack Obama, Donald Trump   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Poll: 4 in 10 support impeaching... More than half of voters prefer former President Barack Obama to Trump. 469 Shares 2 Shouting match over Russia erupts... The fight exposed bitter frustration amongst Democrats. 308 Shares 3 Senate schedules 6:30 am vote on... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has scheduled a vote at 6:... 300 Shares 4 House votes to overturn Obama gun... Critics said the rule stripped Second Amendment rights from people who are... 258 Shares 5 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump... Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately took to Twitter to respond to President... 228 Shares 6 Questions rise about Trump-ordered... The first military operation ordered by President Trump may have resulted... 181 Shares 7 McCain calls Australian ambassador... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Thursday that he spoke to the Australian... 149 Shares 8 Trump taps CIA veteran for agency'... Former officials praised Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the CIA. 142 Shares 9 Pelosi town hall question on... The question House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi faced on capitalism and... 125 Shares 10 Two GOP senators to vote no on... Sens. Collins and Murkowski said they would oppose Betsy DeVos. 110 Shares 11 Judge dismisses Melania Trump's... First lady Melania Trump's $150 million defamation suit against the Daily... 106 Shares 12 Time cover labels Bannon ‘The... Time magazine’s latest edition features President Trump’s senior counselor... 97 Shares 13 GOP talk shifts from replacing... Key Republican lawmakers are shifting their goal on ObamaCare from... 95 Shares 14 US threatens North Korea with '... '[A]ny use of nuclear weapons would be met with a response that would be... 91 Shares 15 DeVos poised to take step toward... The Senate is expected to vote Friday morning to advance the nomination of... 82 Shares 16 GOP lawmaker withdraws bill to... Rep. Jason Chaffetz faced a backlash from conservation and sportsmen’s... 82 Shares 17 GOP pushes back final DeVos vote... Senate Republicans are postponing a final vote on controversial Education... 74 Shares 18 Republicans impatient with anti-... Republican lawmakers are frustrated with mounting dissent from civil... 70 Shares 19 Trump threatens funding cut if UC... President Trump early Thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the... 67 Shares 20 Lawmaker to propose abolishing EPA A House Republican is working to write a bill that, if passed, would... 64 Shares 21 Senate subcommittee to launch... The Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism announced the investigation into... 64 Shares 22 Sanders, Cruz to face off in... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) will go to battle... 61 Shares 23 Treasury amends Russian sanctions... The Treasury Department on Thursday amended former President Obama’s most... 61 Shares 24 Warren drags Tillerson into fight... Warren blasted Tillerson for his lobbying efforts as Exxon Mobil CEO. 59 Shares 25 White House warns Israel on... The White House on Thursday warned Israel to stop settlement announcements... 57 Shares 26 Howard Stern: Presidency will be '... 'I don't think it's going to be a healthy experience.' 56 Shares 27 Prominent Putin critic... "Vladimir Putin does not deserve any benefit of the doubt here," Sen.... 54 Shares 28 Trump opens National Prayer... President Trump on Thursday addressed the National Prayer Breakfast,... 54 Shares 29 Second GOP senator phones... Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) called Australia’s ambassador on Thursday to... 52 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe It’s GE vs. Wal-Mart as Corporate Feud Breaks Out Over Tax by Lindsey Rupp @lcrupp More stories by Lindsey Rupp , Rick Clough More stories by Rick Clough , and Matthew Townsend @matt_townsend More stories by Matthew Townsend February 2, 2017, 12:37 PM EST February 2, 2017, 2:31 PM EST Exporters support border-adjustment tax proposal to cut costs New group formed to fight retail-backed lobbying effort General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. are girding for a showdown with corporate giants including  Wal-Mart Stores Inc. over a proposed U.S. tax on imports, setting up a battle across industries that could be one of the most fractious in recent corporate history. GE, Boeing and Pfizer Inc. are among about two dozen companies that have formed the “ American Made Coalition,” a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code. They say the so-called  border-adjusted tax would help U.S. manufacturers compete with products made overseas, giving a boost to President Donald Trump’s goal of increasing factory jobs. The battle is opening up a fault line in corporate America, with net importers mostly on one side and exporters on the other. Billions of dollars are at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, would reward companies that sell products outside the U.S. while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. “I respect Wal-Mart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Wal-Mart,” Jeffrey Immelt, GE’s chief executive officer, said in an interview this week in Boston. “I think all of our voices need to be heard.” Higher Prices Opponents of the border-adjusted tax say it would force companies to pass the increases to customers -- boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts -- without sparking a resurgence of domestic manufacturing. On Wednesday, more than 120 trade groups representing the auto industry and retailers such as Wal-Mart backed a campaign, called “ Americans for Affordable Products,” which focuses on the impact of a border tax on consumers.  “This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,” said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is overseeing the effort to derail the proposal.  Part of the opponents’ message is that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, their campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Republicans in the House of Representatives backing an overhaul have to win support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House to succeed. The border-adjusted tariff is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week.  $20 Billion Besides GE, Boeing and Pfizer, the group in favor of the tax includes Dow Chemical Co. and Eli Lilly & Co. Immelt said the proposed tax changes would help domestic manufacturers and contribute to Trump’s goal of boosting jobs in the U.S. GE, he noted, exports more than $20 billion of products a year from the U.S., while importing just a quarter of that. Still, he acknowledged that there will be “different camps” in the business community. Several Republicans in the Senate have raised doubts about a border-adjusted tax, including Georgia’s David Perdue and Utah’s Mike Lee, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it “could ravage huge swaths of our economy.” Democrats on the Senate finance committee have blasted the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was “risky, untested and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences” like soaring consumer prices. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Norwegian Air CEO pledges rock-bottom trans-Atlantic fares with his growing Boeing fleet UPDATED: THURSDAY, FEB. 2, 2017, 6:35 P.M. Norwegian Air plans to roll out trans-Atlantic airfares from as low as $75 one way, between Ireland or Scotland and the U.S. East Coast, starting this summer. The low-cost carrier also plans to offer flights from Seattle to London on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner. (Norwegian Air) By Dominic Gates The Seattle Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Starting in June, Norwegian Air Chief Executive Bjørn Kjos promises the cheapest trans-Atlantic airfares U.S. travelers have ever seen – as low as $75 one way, flying on a new Boeing 737 MAX between Ireland or Scotland and the U.S. East Coast. Further out, pending approval by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) of Norwegian’s U.K. subsidiary, Kjos says he’ll greatly expand the carrier’s global network, including a plan to offer low-cost flights from Seattle to London on a Boeing 787 Dreamliner. In an interview while in Seattle to speak at a gathering of Boeing executives, Kjos said that second step would mean such potential growth for Norwegian that “I would subscribe to many more 787s as soon as we get the DOT approval.” In just three and a half years, Kjos has blazed a trail to make Norwegian Air into a long-haul, low-cost airline that’s upset the big U.S. international carriers. He promises to disturb them even more with the low-fare expansion he has planned. Kjos’ strategy has been to expand way beyond Norway. He created subsidiaries in Ireland and the U.K. to take advantage of agreements those countries have to fly freely into many parts of the world, especially in Asia. To realize his growth plans, he needs DOT approval to recognize those subsidiaries. After a three-year fight, the Obama administration in December finally granted the needed permit for Norwegian’s Irish subsidiary. With Brexit promising to take the U.K. out of Europe and London Gatwick now Kjos’ largest European base, he also needs the DOT to separately approve his U.K. operation. That would allow him to operate long-haul 787s to Asia and to the U.S., with complete flexibility for the same jets to fly east or west out of London. If he gets that, he said he plans to expand hugely into Asia; for example, he envisions offering the many Asian tech workers in Seattle low-cost flights to India or China via London. In other words, he’d be taking on Emirates out of Seattle, as well as British Airways. Kjos foresees “huge growth potential” in low-fare international flights. “More people will start flying,” he said. “The fares go lower, but the volume goes much higher.” Norwegian is expanding rapidly in the U.S. It already flies 787 Dreamliner widebody jets into large airports including Boston, New York, Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Los Angeles and San Francisco. Those include premium fares around $600 one-way between Europe and U.S. East Coast cities, and economy fares at half that. In May, he’ll get the first new 737 MAX, the new Boeing narrowbody jet. Norwegian will fly that jet, with even lower fares, on thinner routes from cities like Dublin and Cork in Ireland or Edinburgh in Scotland, into smaller U.S. airports including Stewart International, north of New York city, and Providence, Rhode Island. He’s working on closing an agreement with Ryanair that would feed passengers from its European low-cost carrier network into his Irish and Scottish flights. Kjos said he’ll take delivery of six Boeing 737 MAXs this year and another nine 787-9 Dreamliners. He’s already announced two more U.S. crew bases to add to the existing bases in New York and Fort Lauderdale and says more announcements are coming soon. The big U.S. airlines and pilot unions have accused Norwegian of unfair competition through paying lower wages, including the use of lower-paid Thai flight crews. He hotly denies that, saying his American crews are paid U.S. wages and that his Bangkok-based flight crews do not fly to the U.S. but only between Thailand and Europe. “This political nonsense is just trying to limit access to low fares,” he said. Intense political opposition from the U.S. airlines and unions held back Norwegian’s first DOT permit – the one for its Irish subsidiary – for three years before it was granted. In January, the same interests began lobbying the new Trump administration to claw back what Obama had given. But that hasn’t happened yet, and Kjos is optimistic that Trump won’t do so. “We’ll have almost 1,000 crew members in the U.S. by the end of this year. We are flying millions of European tourists into the U.S. We are creating a lot of jobs. And we fly Boeing aircraft,” Kjos said. “We are doing exactly the things Trump wants everybody to do.” Updated: Feb. 2, 2017, 6:35 p.m.  Tags: airfare, Boeing, Norwegian, Norwegian Air, trans-Atlantic airfares, travel Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The F-35C vs. the F/A-18 Advanced Super Hornet and the future of carrier aircraft Alex Lockie Feb. 2, 2017, 11:15 AM 9,161 facebook linkedin twitter email print F-35C Lightning IIs, attached to the Grim Reapers of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 101, and an F/A-18E/F Super Hornets attached to the Naval Aviation Warfighter Development Center (NAWDC) fly over Naval Air Station Fallon’s (NASF) Range Training Complex on Sept. 3, 2015. US Navy A week after Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis called for a review of the F-35 program to "determine opportunities to significantly reduce the cost," top US military brass are arguing for the Joint Strike Fighter's place in the future of carrier aircraft. Mattis' review calls for an investigation of the cost of the entire F-35 program, but specifically for the carrier-based F-35C to fly off against Boeing's F-18 Advanced Super Hornet package. "My stake," in the review "is only four squadrons,” or 67 aircraft, that will operate alongside the Navy aboard aircraft carriers, US Marine Corps Lt. Gen. Jon Davis, who presides over Marine Corps aviation told reporters, as Breaking Defense notes. The Marine Corps has its own version of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35B, but as a vertical-takeoff variant, it faces no risk of being replaced by the F/A-18. But for the military at large, the stakes seem much higher. Hundreds of billions of dollars and 16 years of time have gone into the F-35 program, which was intended to provide planes for the Air Force, Marines, and the Navy. As of today, only the Marine and Air Force variants have been declared initially capable. Meanwhile, the F-35C, the least numerous and most expensive variant of the family, has seen yet another major setback. A Pentagon report, made public by Inside Defense, stated that rough carrier launches physically hurt pilots and disoriented them during the crucial moments when they take off. US Navy Photo Mattis' fly off would "oversee a review that compares the F-35C and F/A-18E/F operational capabilities and assess the extent that F/A-18E/F improvements (an advanced Super Hornet) can be made in order to provide competitive, cost effective, fighter aircraft alternative," according to his statement.  Dan Gillian, Boeing's vice president of F/A-18 and EA-18 programs, told Business Insider that even with the coming F-35C naval variant, US carrier air wings would consist of a majority of  F/A-18s into the 2040s. In fact, Boeing has contracts currently underway to update the F/A-18s in service with a reputation for bringing these projects in on time and on cost, which one could contrast with Lockheed's costly, late F-35 program. But no matter how the F-18 advances, one aspect of the F-35 remains truly beyond its grasp — stealth.  Davis, speaking to reporters on Wednesday, seemed to think that the F-35C's stealth and connectivity would outclass any possibly updates on the Advanced Super Hornets. “I’m highly confident we’re on the right track ... My sense is we’ll probably end up validating the imperative to have a fifth generation aircraft out there,” said Davis. Boeing In an interview with Business Insider, Lt. Col. David Berke, a former F-35 pilot and squadron commander, also asserted the need for all aspect stealth in today's threat environment, saying that "the price of admission to a fifth-gen war is a fifth-gen airplane." He added that because the F-35 program doesn't have its fully operational software yet "we don’t even know 50-80% of what this airplane can do." But stealth is a hotly debated topic in the defense community. As countries like Russia and China develop increasingly powerful counter-stealth abilities, Dr. Malcolm Davis of the Australia Strategic Policy Initiative told Business Insider that "numbers matter." "The question in my mind is how long does the stealth advantage last for us? How long does that give us a real advantage before it’s eroded by adversary capabilities and brought to a level playing ground?" asked Dr. Davis.  In total, the Navy only plans to buy 260 F-35Cs, and according to Dr. Davis, the US can no longer count on getting more done with fewer planes as adversaries begin to close the qualitative gap between their capabilities and the US's. US Navy Lt. Cmdr. Christopher Tabert, F-35C instructor pilot of Strike Fighter Squadron 101 (VFA-101) flies in formation with a Boeing F/A-18F Super Hornet of VFA-122 prior to landing at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida (USA) on 22 June 2013. USAF Most likely, the Navy will look to strike the perfect balance between the two airframes, combining the stealth and sensors of the F-35Cs with the raw numbers and power of Advanced Super Hornets. “We’re going to use the F-35 more as an enabler and a strike lead and as a command and control platform than as a fighter platform on its own,” Bryan Clark, naval analyst Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, told USNI News.  So while the F-35C may provide carrier air wings with unprecedented capabilities, just how many of them and how soon they can hit the field remains a mystery. Meanwhile, Boeing stands poised to deliver a significant portion of advanced capabilities with an F/A-18 update.  Mattis' review will likely leave a mark in the future of carrier aircraft, but it seems highly unlikely that the F-35C will get chopped altogether. Instead, look for the review to balance emerging operational needs with market availability and affordability.  SEE ALSO: The Trump administration just put Iran 'on notice' — but the Pentagon has no idea what that means NOW WATCH: Watch the Marines' F-35 fire an 80-round burst from its gun pod for the first time Loading video... More: F-35 Lightning II F-18 Military Defense Navy Marines stealth counter stealth facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The F-35C vs. the F/A-18 Advanced Super Hornet and the future of carrier aircraft The F-35C vs. the F/A-18 Advanced Super Hornet and the future of carrier aircraft A week after Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
News Podcast Local Almanac Comment is Free Food Legal Notices LocalLink Eat Obits Jobs Zed Anderson Observer News From People You Trust News Podcast Local Almanac Comment is Free Food Legal Notices LocalLink Eat Obits Jobs Zed Top News Podcast Local Almanac Comment is Free Food Legal Notices LocalLink Eat Obits Jobs Zed Amazon.com Widgets Amazon.com Widgets Calendar   Today County Finance Committee Friday Mill Town Players "Forever Plaid" Saturday Anderson Democratic Party Meeting Camelia Ball Mill Town Players "Forever Plaid" Headlines S.C. Farmers Rally Behind Industrial Hemp Bill S.C. Lowest Rate of Unions S.C. Drought Monitor New Oil Source U.S. Largest  S.C. Needs More Foster Homes Contact News Tips Advertise Paying for Ads Email Contact RSS Feed Entertainment RSS Food RSS From Where I Sit RSS News RSS Obits Comments RSS Viewpoints RSS   Amazon.com Widgets Search Amazon Here News Links National National Columnists Opinion Local Viewpoints Letters Submit Letter Comments Did You Know? Local Submit Event Search « Punxsutawney Phil Forecasts 6 More Weeks of Winter | Main | House Bill Would Protect Sermons from IRS Scrutiny » Thursday Feb022017 Union Expects S.C. Boeing Workers to Join Thursday, February 2, 2017 at 9:36AM South Carolina may be the least unionized state in the union, but its most prominent labor leader – and it does have a few – says Boeing workers in Charleston are ready to join the International Association of Machinists. The IAM, the largest airline and aerospace union, already represents about 35,000 Boeing workers, primarily in the Seattle area. The union and Boeing have agreed on a Feb 15 date for a representation vote by approximately 2,850 workers at Boeing’s North Charleston, S.C. plant. Kenny Riley, president of Charleston Local 1422 of the International Longshoremen’s Association, said the IAM is headed for a better result than it got in 2015,  when it suspended an organizing drive. “We can certainly win at Boeing,” Riley said. “But the IAM has to bring out the star power [and] they have to wear the badge of the labor movement.  All of labor has to be in it.” Local 1422 is part of the fabric of Charleston, a predominantly black union that has been a major presence in the city since the formation of a predecessor union in 1869, when whites generally avoided the back-breaking, dangerous work of loading and unloading ships. Last month, the IAM chose Local 1422’s union hall as the site to make the announcement that it planned to file an election petition with the National Labor Relations Board. “When people think about labor in Charleston, they automatically think of the ILA,” Riley said. Local 1422 has succeeded despite South Carolina’s right-to-work laws, which enable workers to avail themselves of union benefits without paying union dues. “The message IAM needs to send to workers who may be on the fringe is that, ‘to those of you who are skeptical about joining, you don’t have to join,” Riley said. “Vote for the union and let the union come in and prove they can make life better for you. You can vote for the union and never join.” The local has about 1,200 members: Riley said they all pay dues, although several hundred dockworkers don’t work enough hours to join the union. Editor | Print Article | Post a Comment | Share Article View Printer Friendly Version Email Article to Friend Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: Copyright © 2013, Anderson Observer Publisher. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Lockheed May Duel Alone for Air Force Training Jet By Paul Ausick January 31, 2017 7:25 am EST Print Email Tweet The competitive bidding for a $16 billion contract to supply the U.S. Air Force with a new training jet may be winnowed from its current number of potential bidders. Aviation Week has reported that Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC) may pull out, and neither Sierra Nevada nor Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) is willing to say definitively that they will submit a bid. That leaves Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT), the nation’s two largest defense contractors, to slug it out for the contract. A team led by Raytheon Corp. (NYSE: RTN) and Italy’s Leonardo pulled out last week, and Textron has never said more than that it is considering a bid. Sierra Nevada, a privately held aerospace firm, has been similarly reluctant publicly to commit to a bid. The issue that is giving the potential competitors second thoughts is price. The winning bidder almost certainly will have to submit the lowest price. Both Boeing and Lockheed can afford to battle it out on price, but Raytheon decided it could not, and now it appears that Northrop Grumman is thinking the same thing. Northrop Grumman CEO Wes Bush said last week that the company has not made a go/no-go decision yet, even though it has made a substantial investment in a flying prototype. Aviation week cited Bush: “We don’t want to walk ourselves into a decision to do something just because we’ve been doing it.” If the contract award comes down to just Boeing and Lockheed, both will come in with the lowest price they can reasonably make, regardless of whether they can make a profit. Why? To keep their plants open and to maintain some positive cash flow to impress investors. Cost overruns and losses can be dealt with later. It is even possible, though not likely, that whichever company wins can actually build the planes for the low-ball price. Lockheed snagged more than $36 billion in federal contracts in fiscal year 2015, more than twice as much as second-ranked contractor Boeing, which managed to haul in more than $16 billion. But Boeing’s commercial jet business added to its defense business nearly doubled Lockheed’s 2016 total revenues. And Lockheed’s 2016 revenues were about double Raytheon’s and Northrop Grumman’s. And with the current administration’s emphasis on lowering costs — or at least announcing that it has lowered costs — only the super-rich can afford to play. That means Boeing and Lockheed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Despite Quality Awards, Chevy Offers Steep Discounts Wedbush’s 6 Best Idea Stocks for 50% Upside (or Much More) » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT), Northrop Grumman Corp (NYSE:NOC), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), Textron, Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's 15 Fastest Growing Companies The Best and Worst States to Grow Old 7 Dirt Cheap S&P 500 Value Stocks for Massive Upside Potential for 2017 and 2018 States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes Recent Snapchat’s IPO Filing View: Losses Galore and No Shareholder Voting Rights Why FireEye Shares Are at All-Time Lows After Earnings (Hint: It’s Ugly) Why Amgen Earnings Are So Incredible Why Visa Won Big on Q1 Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things to Watch When Activision Blizzard Reports Earnings GoPro Drops on a Mixed Holiday Quarter, Disappointing Guidance 4 Reasons To Avoid Under Armour Inc. Stock Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 Ralph Lauren (RL) Stock Falls as CEO Announces Leave FireEye Stock Slumps After Q4 Earnings Report Bartosiak: Trading Mallinckrodt's (MNK) Earnings with Options U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies Hong Kong Shares Fall For 4th Session on China Policy Surprise Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Job Growth Seen Picking Up Speed in January How The Fast-Food Chain Led By Trump's Labor Nominee Stiffed Workers Again And Again Disney CEO Will Miss Meeting With Trump Amid Backlash Over Travel Bans Snap Makes $3 Billion IPO Details Public Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Traffic & Travel Crime Transport Weather Business TV Boeing investment at Boscombe Down will not harm prospects of Apache work coming to Yeovil By ThomasCock  |  Posted: February 02, 2017 By Thomas Cock and Andrew Doyle   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Len Copland / archive Reports of Boeing investing in facilities at Boscombe Down have sparked concerns about future work on Apache Helicopters Boeing investment at Boscombe Down will not harm prospects of Apache work coming... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Pictures: Len Copland / archive Reports of Boeing investing in facilities at Boscombe Down have sparked concerns about future work on Apache Helicopters Snow in Somerset could happen this evening - here's where 2 Cheddar man treated for carbon monoxide poisoning from... 1 Flood warnings latest: South West downgraded but gales and... 1 Comments (0) Industry insiders say a major investment by Boeing in Wiltshire should not harm the prospects of work on new Apache helicopters coming to Yeovil. The US manufacturer has chosen Boscombe Down as its site for a UK centre of excellence and could bring hundreds of jobs to the area. Boeing staff at the site were told on the plan yesterday, and early reports today sparked concern about the implications for jobs in Somerset. Last year the MoD said the next generation of Apache helicopters for the Army will be built in the US. That decision has been regarded as a blow for Leonardo, which assembled the current generation of Apaches in Yeovil. It is hoping to take a slice of the contract to look after the new aircraft, which are due to be operational in 2022. Somerset Live understands that Boeing will be the prime contractor for looking after the helicopters after they are delivered from the US – described as "sustainment". However the US firm is expected to work closely with UK firms working on the current Apache, including Leonardo. The government has made an agreement with Leonardo, seen by Somerset Live, to explore the business case for the firm to be a sub-contractor in servicing the AH-64E. Sources at the MoD and Boeing say the details of the service contract have yet to be decided. A Boeing spokesman said today's announcement on Boscombe Down was about its fixed wing operations and was as a result of the 5,500ft runway being long enough for large aircraft to land. He said Boeing had signalled its intention to invest there but a "detailed planning phase" would now follow. The MoD has said proposed arrangements for the Apache AH-64E support and training will be finalised over the coming months, with contracts being placed toward the end of the decade. It is envisaged that these future arrangements will support around 350 jobs, a comparable number to that required to support the existing Apache fleet. Last July defence Secretary Michael Fallon said: "In the longer term, I want these new Apaches to be maintained in the UK, and for UK companies to do most of the work "This includes Leonardo Helicopters, who have developed substantial knowledge and experience in the support of our current Apache fleet over the last decade and will continue to support the helicopters until their eventual retirement." Leonardo will lead arrangements to support the MoD's current Apache helicopters until they are retired from service in 2023/24. A spokesman for Leonardo said the firm had an "ongoing dialogue" with Boeing. MORE: How the shock news of the closure of GKN aerospace in Yeovil unfolded in 2016 Report this article Read more from Somerset Live Most Recent Most Commented Snow in Somerset could happen this evening - here's where Cheddar man treated for carbon monoxide poisoning from wood... Flood warnings latest: South West downgraded but gales and more... Frome property prices: Lack of jobs and homes making town a... Yeovil police station: PCC Sue Mountstevens reveals the latest... Yeovil MP Marcus Fysh launches scathing Twitter attack on... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Removal Operatives Salary : £17,000 - £21,000 Commercial Vehicle Mechanic Salary : Good OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR Salary : £15,000 - £18,000 Support Worker Salary : Competitive Nursery Supervisor Salary : £17,169 pro rata Personal assistant / Support Worker Salary : Hourly pay commencing on £9.00/£10.00, (responsibilities=increases!); sleepovers £35/£40. Labourer Salary : £9 per hour Store Manager (Maternity Cover) Salary : Maintenance Technician Salary : £20000.00 per annum + £Comperative + Excellent Benifits Support Worker - Multiple Vacancies Salary : £15,210 per annum pro rata Market Intelligence Officer Salary : £26,052 to £31,076 per annum Legal Secretary Salary : Good Builder Salary : Competitive Programmer Salary : £31,625.00 per annum Public Relations Manager Salary : Competitive Customer Technical Support Manager Salary : up to £40k + Benefits QA Quality Manager Salary : up to £40,000 + Benefits Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer Salary : circa £42,000 + Benefits Part-time Weighbridge Clerk Salary : Attractive salary + comprehensive benefits Part-time Temporary Administrator Salary : Attractive salary + comprehensive benefits Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Traffic & Travel Crime Transport Weather Education Business Glastonbury Festival Sport Yeovil Town Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport In Your Area Yeovil Bridgwater Taunton Frome Glastonbury Chard Midsomer Norton What's On Music Comedy Film Theatre Our Site Directory Jobs Motors Property How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Business Service Terms Contact Us Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 58 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Flights continue aggressive expansion, but also match service on Icelandic budget carrier. Post to Facebook Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Flights continue aggressive expansion, but also match service on Icelandic budget carrier.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k3LIzD {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Air Canada's route map now includes Iceland Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY Published 9:42 a.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago 80 Shares This undated image provided by Air Canada shows an Airbus A319 painted in the colors of Air Canada Rouge.  (Photo: Air Canada) Air Canada will add Iceland to its route map this summer with seasonal service from its hubs in Toronto and Montreal. Air Canada Rouge, the company’s leisure unit, will fly the routes on 136-seat A319 narrow-body jets. The planes include 12 premium-economy style “Premium Rouge” seats. Flights from Toronto to Iceland's main international airport near the capital of Reykjavik begin June 21. Air Canada Route will fly from Toronto four times a week through Oct. 8. Montreal flights begin June 22 with a thrice-weekly schedule running through Oct. 9. "As the only Canadian airline and only Star Alliance carrier in North America to fly to Iceland, customers from across Canada and the United States can connect seamlessly and easily to these new non-stop flights from our Toronto and Montreal hubs,” Air Canada president Benjamin Smith says in a statement. USA TODAY Air Canada adds 3 U.S. cities in five-route expansion USA TODAY Air Canada adds four cities, 12 routes in major U.S. expansion IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn March's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A rouge Boeing 767 leaves the warm climate of Las Vegas, bound for Toronto, on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen As early morning rays of sun pierce the sky, a Boeing 767 lands at New York's JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the latest scheme, an Alitalia Airbus A330 lands at New York JFK airport on Jan. 16, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off for Tokyo from New York JFK on Jan. 17, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen In honor of Leap Day, engine maker CFM's new LEAP powerplant makes an appearance on Boeing's 737 MAX, seen on Jan. 29, 2016 in Seattle, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new 737 MAX jet lands at Boeing Field in Seattle following a test flight on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A DHL Boeing 767-200 freighter leaves Seattle under cloudy skies in early February 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An F-18 fighter jet taxis to a parking stand after landing at Seattle's Boeing Field on Feb. 6, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's new KC-46 aerial refueling tanker returns from a test flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen With its unusual wingtip fuel tanks and easily visible swooping red stripe, one of Boeing's T33 chase planes rockets out of Boeing Field in Seattle on Feb. 6, 2016, for a test flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Allegiant MD80 takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field well after dark in February of 2016 on a sports charter.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The picturesque mountains in northern Nevada make for great window watching onboard a Southwest Airlines flight on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sean Drake greets girfriend Samantha Hoch, bouquet of roses in hand, in the lobby of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands at Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The unmistakable Las Vegas skyline makes for a unique departure view onboard a Southwest Airlines flight in February of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Suburban cul-de-sacs outside Reno create interesting symmetry, seen on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 departs Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD80 rockets out of Reno-Tahoe International Airport on Feb. 14, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Seattle-Tacoma International Airport under ominous skies on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Southwest Airlines plane.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 takes off from Las Vegas on Feb. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane lands on Seattle's Lake Union on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Alaska Airlines' new livery makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane soars over Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood on Feb. 20, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Bombardier Q400 lands under a faint rainbow at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin American Airbus A319 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 737 makes an awkward landing on a windy day at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Feb. 28, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 29 2 of 29 3 of 29 4 of 29 5 of 29 6 of 29 7 of 29 8 of 29 9 of 29 10 of 29 11 of 29 12 of 29 13 of 29 14 of 29 15 of 29 16 of 29 17 of 29 18 of 29 19 of 29 20 of 29 21 of 29 22 of 29 23 of 29 24 of 29 25 of 29 26 of 29 27 of 29 28 of 29 29 of 29 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The Iceland services furthers an aggressive international expansion by Air Canada during the past two years. Since 2016, Air Canada has added numerous new routes to the United States and to overseas destinations that include Algiers, Algeria; Berlin; Prague; Mumbai; Brisbane, Australia; and Marseille, France, among others. For Iceland, Air Canada’s new services comes about a year after Icelandic budget carrier WOW launched service to Canada. WOW, which has drawn headlines by selling one-way flights to Europe for as little as $69, flies from Reykjavik to both Toronto and Montreal. WOW, along with Norwegian Air, are part of a new breed of European “ultra low-cost carriers” attempting to disrupt the travel market on flights across the Atlantic. Their business models center on advertising incredibly low base fares, but charging extra for nearly everything else – including carry-on bags and advance seat assignments. WOW and Norwegian been expanding rapidly in recent years, adding numerous routes between the United States and Europe. USA TODAY WOW Air offers $99 fares to Europe; What's the catch? While Air Canada made no reference to WOW in revealing its Iceland schedule, it would not be the first time that an established full service airline responded to such competition with new routes. British Airways announced last fall that it would add non-stop service to London from Oakland and Fort Lauderdale. But BA said it would serve those markets not from its primary hub at London Heathrow but rather from its base at London’s Gatwick Airport, where flight schedules are tilted more toward leisure destinations. The routes also allowed British Airways to match Norwegian’s own recently launched routes from those cities to Gatwick, which has grown to become one of Norwegian’s busiest European hubs. “They’ve clearly been able to demonstrate that there is a market there," Willie Walsh, CEO of British Airways parent group, said to Today in the Sky about Norwegian in November. "We’re responding competitively." TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Outfitted for marine surveillance, a Canadian Government Dash-8 departs Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of partially completed Boeing KC-46 tankers awaits their fate while parked at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Cargo jets for UPS, top, and FedEx, bottom, trade places at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Snow covers a Cessna seaplane on a very cold day at the Lake Hood Seaplane Base in Anchorage, Alaska, in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KD Air Piper Navajo Chieftan taxies to a gate after landing at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska/Horizon Bombardier Q400 painted in an Oregon Ducks livery taxis for departure as a Virgin America Airbus A319 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 777-300 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech 1900D taxis in to a small domestic terminal at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Augusta Westland 139 helicopter lands at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Westjet's 'Frozen' themed Disney jet departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-400 lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudi Arabian Boeing 777-300 delivers from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The winter holiday travel season was one of the busiest ever in 2016-17. Here crowds pulse through Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Jan. 4, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An unfinished Boeing 747-8 rests outside at Paine Field, near Everett, WA, in December of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Caribbean Sea and Mexico's Yucatan coastline as seen from American Airlines Flight 886 from Cancun to Charlotte.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets at one of San Francisco International Airport's international concourses in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Centurion Cargo Boeing 747-400 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380 departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off on a delivery flight from Paine Field, near Everett, Wash,, in late December, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rare Everts Air Cargo Douglas DC-6 lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard a UPS Boeing 747 don Santa hats as they ready for a flight across the Pacific on Dec. 3, 2016 in Anchorage, Alaska.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cargolux Boeing 747-8F freighter jet lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lynden Air Cargo Lockheed C-130 makes an aggressive landing approach to Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Purples, pinks, and blues roll over the mountains of Alaska, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A USA TODAY newspaper sits on a first-class seat of an American Airlines A319 for a flight from Charlotte to Cancun, Mexico, on Dec. 30, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k3LIzD Most Popular Petition seeks to rename Pittsburgh Airport for Mister Rogers 80 Shares About 150 flights canceled after Delta grounds U.S. flights 1.5k Shares Izakaya fare meets mountain town flare... There 51 Shares AAA names its newest Five Diamond properties 957 Shares Deal watch: Three nights in Iceland for $999 Hilton makes major changes to its loyalty program 269 Shares
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Dubai Desert Classic 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Aviation Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Aviation Photos: Air India's first Dreamliner lands in Dubai Web Team, PTI/Dubai Filed on February 2, 2017 | Last updated on February 2, 2017 at 03.05 pm Share More > Vote (Dubai Media Office) This would be its second Dreamliner service to the Gulf. Government-owned Air India today arrived in Dubai International airport in the airline's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner. #Dubai International (DXB) welcomed Air #India's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to arrive from the South Indian city of Kochi in Kerala pic.twitter.com/kajwphkITG - Dubai Media Office (@DXBMediaOffice) February 2, 2017 The aircraft, which originated from Kochi in Kerala was given a "Dubai" welcome as it got showered by two fire engines as it hit the tarmac. This would be its second Dreamliner service to the Gulf. The airline has been operating Boeing 787-800 dreamliner services between New Delhi and Dubai since 2012. The new flight will give a fillip to the growing ties between the UAE and India and will offer immense benefits to Indian community in the Gulf country, Air India said. The airline will also offer an attractive introductory offer which includes free check-in baggage allowance of 40kg on economy class and 50kg in business class, the release said. Share More > Vote ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ads is missing! MORE FROM Business Demonetisation in India E-verify post-demonetisation deposits, I-T asks... The cash deposited in an assessee's account can be verified using the ... READ MORE Local Business Delta Group sets up Dh200 million facility at... Delta Group has announced the inauguration of a new multi-service... READ MORE Local Business GCC consumers spend $9.3 billion on beauty,... Consumers in the GCC want to both look good and feel good, as is... READ MORE Local Business Liv. like a millennial: Scan ID to open your bank ... The first digital bank for millennials in the UAE, which was unveiled ... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Abu Dhabi Sheikh Abdullah: Russia key for stability in... He called for further efforts by business and industrial sectors to... READ MORE International Trump warns Israel against new settlements US president struck a tougher line with Israel yesterday READ MORE Americas Watch: Iranian Muslim enters US after Trump ban The 61-year-old was forcibly carried on a plane back to Dubai last... READ MORE Americas Chinese doubt Trump's ability to handle China-US... Trump is yet to formulate a China policy despite his constant... READ MORE   Popular Voted Weather It will snow and rain this weekend in UAE 78010 views | 1 February 2017 Kuwait Pakistanis are welcome in Kuwait, says ambassador 76400 views | 2 February 2017 India Pakistani-Indian couple fight their way to a fairytale wedding 43647 views | 2 February 2017 Trump Visa Ban Trump visa ban an internal affair: UAE minister 25752 views | 1 February 2017 Property Costliest property purchase: Indian buys Dubai's most expensive villa for Dh53 million 20459 views | 1 February 2017 Weather Watch: Rain hits Dubai, other parts of UAE 18641 views | 2 February 2017 India Passersby click photos for 25 minutes as teen bleeds to death 16213 views | 2 February 2017 Americas Trump blasts Australian PM, abruptly ends phone call 15907 views | 2 February 2017 Aviation Photos: Air India's first Dreamliner lands in Dubai 15741 views | 2 February 2017 Rest of Asia Graphic video: Dh750k supercar crashes while speeding 8307 views | 2 February 2017 Crime Dubai cabbie sexually harasses maid, makes her touch him 7236 views | 2 February 2017 Dubai 7 free things to do in Dubai this weekend 6910 views | 2 February 2017 Pakistan 11 women, including 3 sisters join Pakistan's bomb disposal unit 6621 views | 2 February 2017 Weather Watch: Strong winds and sand hit the UAE 6340 views | 2 February 2017 Food Want to try 101 Kerala dishes? Check out food fest in Sharjah this weekend 5677 views | 1 February 2017 Weather It will snow and rain this weekend in UAE 569 votes | 1 February 2017 Trump Visa Ban Trump visa ban an internal affair: UAE minister 393 votes | 1 February 2017 Technology WhatsApp's new feature tells your boss where you are 324 votes | 1 February 2017 Offbeat Watch: Woman trips over her outfit, drops her baby to death 314 votes | 1 February 2017 Property Costliest property purchase: Indian buys Dubai's most expensive villa for Dh53 million 278 votes | 1 February 2017 Telecom Etisalat offers free mobile, premium TV services 231 votes | 1 February 2017 General Dubai viral chef 'Salt Bae' meets Abu Dhabi's Sheikh Mohamed 214 votes | 29 January 2017 Trump Visa Ban US Embassy in UAE suspends visas amid Trump visa ban 180 votes | 29 January 2017 News Mother falls to death from building trying to save child 171 votes | 29 January 2017 Kuwait Pakistanis are welcome in Kuwait, says ambassador 165 votes | 2 February 2017 Transport Now RTA to monitor attitude of drivers 135 votes | 30 January 2017 Dubai Dubai Expo 2020 announces Dh11b construction contracts for 2017 131 votes | 30 January 2017 Saudi Arabia What keeps Makkah's floor cool in soaring temperatures? 117 votes | 30 January 2017 Pakistan White House considers adding Pakistan in Trump ban 111 votes | 30 January 2017 International Indian-origin mom told to prove she was breastfeeding 110 votes | 1 February 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
About News Articles Directory Equipment Market Reports Books More... Journals Videos Courses Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Journals Videos Courses Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Solar Atmospheres Greenville, SC Facility Is Now Boeing Approved Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on February 2, 2017 at 4:03 AM Written by AZoCleantechFeb 2 2017 After completing an intensive three day audit, Solar Atmospheres Southeast is pleased to announce its addition to the Boeing approved processor listing.  The Greenville facility joins an exclusive group of suppliers in the thermal processing industry and will have an approved scope of processing that will include the following specifications: BAC 5613 – Heat Treatment of Titanium and Titanium Alloys BAC 5616 – Heat Treatment of Nickel-Base and Cobalt-Base Alloys BAC 5619 – Heat Treatment of Corrosion Resistant Steel We are proud to be a part of the Boeing supplier network and look forward to working with suppliers in the Southeast region in support of Boeing.   We are excited that once again we are able to offer the Southeast US another regional option for aerospace processing that did not exist previously. Steve Prout, President of Solar Atmospheres Southeast With thermal processing in furnaces ranging from those suited for small lots and development cycles to a 6-1/2 foot diameter by 24 foot long vacuum chamber capable of processing up to 50,000 lb loads with a maximum temperature of 2400°F, Solar Atmospheres is backed by AS9100 and Nadcap quality systems to give our customers confidence that their product is being processed appropriately. For additional information on our processing options and our capabilities, contact Mike Harper at mikeh@solaratm.com, and visit us at www.solaratm.com, or call 1-855-WE-HEAT-IT. Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) 
 Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoCleantech.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Producing Clean Hydrogen with Near-Zero Carbon Emissions with The Hazer Process Geoff Pocock Geoff Pocock, Managing Director and Founder of the Hazer Group talks to AZoCleantech about how the Hazer Process is producing clean hydrogen with Near-Zero Carbon Emissions. Relocating the Growing of Food to Urban Areas Dr Michael Hardman Dr Michael Hardman from the School of Enviroment and Life Sciences from Salford University talks to AZoCleantech about relocating the growing of food to urban areas. How Origin’s Solar Power Purchase Agreement is helping more Businesses go Solar Phil Mackey Phil Mackey, General Manager Solar & Emerging Businesses at Origin, talks to AZoCleantech about Origin’s ‘Solar as a Service’ helping more businesses go Solar. 827 pH Lab for routine laboratory work from Metrohm The line-powered 827 pH lab is a reliable instrument that has been specifically designed for routine laboratory work. The instrument is integrated with sophisticated electronics, and a metal stand rod is fixed to the base plate, thus providing stable and reliable measured values in every respect. From Metrohm The SMP21 – Low-Maintenance, Secondary Standard Pyranometer The SMP21, a secondary standard pyranometer from Kipp & Zonen, integrates the CMP21 sensor technology. It has analog output, low maintenance and the RS-485 Modbus® interface. The SMP21 includes an internal desiccant that can function for up to 10 years, which significantly minimizes the maintenance costs. From Kipp & Zonen Protecting Ozone Installations with the Primozone® BFP Backflow Protector The Primozone® BFP backflow protector is an intelligent backflow device designed for protecting ozone equipment from accidental backflow of water. The device has an electrical detection system, making it highly reliable with a fast response time. From Primozone 1 New Study Reveals Storing Solar Power Increases Energy Consumption and Emissions 2 Building Better Predictive Computer Models for a Sustainable Future 3 New Streamlined Process Could Hold Promise for Making Biofuel 4 Scientists Find New Method to Extract Radioactivity from Water 5 New Findings on Carbon Cycle Could Lead to Better Understanding of Climate Change Sponsored Content Understanding Space Solar Cell Testing with AIAA S-111A-2014 From American National Standards Society - ANSI 11 Jan 2017 Enhance Renewables with Hydrogen From Proton OnSite 25 Nov 2016 Embracing Sustainable Manufacturing From Apple Rubber 21 Oct 2016 Monitoring Wastewater and Rinsing Water with Trace Analysis From Metrohm 27 Jun 2016 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) Heat Treatment (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoRobotics AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links News Articles Directory Equipment Market Reports Books Journals Videos Courses Events Applications Industries Materials About The Team Become a Member Search Newsletters Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoCleantech.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO UNION BUDGET 2017 News » Science & Environment » Space ﻿ Unveiled – New spacesuit for Boeing’s Starliner astronauts (Must watch) By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Thursday, February 2, 2017 - 13:55 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Few days back, NASA revealed the new spacesuit designed for astronauts who will be heading into orbit aboard Boeing’s Starliner spacecraft. The newly designed spacesuit is lighter and more comfortable than earlier suits astronauts wore. Watch the video below featuring new spacesuit unveiled for Starliner astronauts. Video credit: NASAKennedy/YouTube NASA says the suit capitalizes on historical designs, meets NASA requirements for safety and functionality, and introduces cutting-edge innovations. Boeing unveiled its spacesuit design on Janusry 25, 2017 as the company continues to move toward flight tests of its Starliner spacecraft and launch systems that will fly astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS). Here are some key features of the suit: Lighter and more flexible through use of advanced materials and new joint patterns Helmet and visor incorporated into the suit instead of detachable Touchscreen-sensitive gloves Vents that allow astronauts to be cooler, but can still pressurize the suit immediately As per NASA, the full suit, which includes an integrated shoe, weighs about 20 pounds with all its accessories - about 10 pounds lighter than the launch-and-entry suits worn by space shuttle astronauts. Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams, NASA astronauts Eric Boe, Bob Behnken and Doug Hurley are training for flight tests using spacecraft under development for NASA's Commercial Crew Program, including Boeing's Starliner and SpaceX’s Crew Dragon systems. Flight tests with astronauts aboard are slated to begin in 2018. "The most important part is that the suit will keep you alive," astronaut Eric Boe said. "It is a lot lighter, more form-fitting and it's simpler, which is always a good thing. Complicated systems have more ways they can break, so simple is better on something like this." First Published: Thursday, February 2, 2017 - 13:54 More from zeenews   India Jat stir enters fifth day, Haryana remains peaceful UK unveils Brexit plan, keen on stronger trade ties with India Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017: Maoist posters threaten to disrupt polls More from India World China to sell new short-range missile to foreign countries North Korea spy head dismissed: South Korea 'Helping Chinese soldier return would enhance Sino-India ties' More from World Sports Is BCCI tribute to MS Dhoni a hint that Captain Cool has played his last game for India on home soil? Kevin Pietersen pulls out of Indian Premier League 2017 auction due to hectic schedule WATCH: MS Dhoni loses cool, yells at Yuzvendra Chahal for missing easy run-out chance during 3rd T20I More from Sports Entertainment Urvashi Rautela couldn't say NO to Hrithik Roshan! Anushka Sharma says 'HELLO' on mag cover! 'Kung Fu Yoga' movie review: Jackie Chan and Sonu Sood’s adventure saga is a lot of fun More from Entertaiment Health Women way ahead of men in family planning, says doctor who performed over 3.5 lakh sterilisation operations World Cancer Day 2017: Superfoods that help curb the disease! Researchers believe thick skin on palms, soles may be associated with oesophageal cancer More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Highlights - India vs England 3rd T20 Kuwait imposes ban on five Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan Watch - Key highlights of Union Budget 2017 Will reduction in limit of cash donation to political parties decrease corruption? Punjab polls: Dr Subhash Chandra asks people not to vote for AAP Video of 2 huge lions attacking tourist vehicle in Bengaluru's Bannerghatta Biological Park goes viral - WATCH Is Chris Jordan new Stuart Broad? Sixer King Yuvraj Singh destroys England again — VIDEOS Budget 2017: Here's what's cheaper and what's dearer! Pune Infosys girl murder: Rasila Raju was facing constant harassment from senior colleague? WATCH: MS Dhoni loses cool, yells at Yuzvendra Chahal for missing easy run-out chance during 3rd T20I Related News NASA makes people try on spacesuit gloves and learn what it feels like to perform a spacewalk the hard way! TAGS Spacesuit Starliner spacecraft Boeing New spacesuit Astronauts ISS International Space Station NASA Photos Neha Dhupia-Instagram; Pragya Jaiswal-Instagram Hrithik Roshan in Kochi; Oil tanker and LPG tanker collided; Building collapse in Kanpur 10 World's Biggest Machine Top Videos Will reduction in limit of cash donation to political parties decrease corruption? DNA: Is your internet password safe enough? Odisha: 8 policemen killed, 5 injured in Maoist attack in Koraput Punjab polls: Dr Subhash Chandra asks people not to vote for AAP More from other Sections Chappell-Hadlee Trophy: New Zealand recall spinner Ish Sodhi for third ODI against Australia Big Bash League: Melbourne Stars batsman Kevin Pietersen fined over mic comment Alia Bhatt can be a good daughter-in-law, says Varun Dhawan Angelina Jolie slams Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban Desk job? Five easy ways to boost your metabolism without exercise New Zika vaccine protects animals with single dose contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Friday , February 3 2017 About Us Advertise With Us Contact ARAB TIMES THE FIRST ENGLISH LANGUAGE DAILY IN FREE KUWAIT Home Kuwait Kuwait Crime International Business Sports Opinion Ahmed Al Jarallah Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi Insight Ahmed Al Jarallah Ali Ahmed Al-Baghli Insight Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Khaled Aljenfawi Yousef Awadh Al-Azmi The African … Muhammad VI 1 day ago ‘Final chance’ for GCC, Iran 5 days ago Still life in ‘Astana’ 1 week ago Sovereignty is culture not slogans 2 weeks ago Respect for presidency … not President 1 day ago A fascist philosopher behind every president 1 week ago Not welcome! 2 weeks ago Positive … negative phenomena! 4 weeks ago Post adds to services rot – Where do we go? 1 day ago Why do we blame the US? 2 days ago First step in anti-graft war 3 days ago ‘End strife on power road’ – Liberals pursuing illusion 4 days ago Trump policies ignite fear, loathing 5 days ago Gulf backbone of Arab Nation 2 weeks ago Obama’s perfidious parting gift to Iran 3 weeks ago Russia, its dubious friends deserve to be ‘frozen out’ 25/12/2016 ‘Govt should impose blanket ban on the entry of criminals’ – ‘Increase raids, arrest illegals’ 20/06/2016 ‘Righteousness, decency can be acquired by any person’ – ‘God created man as one’ 13/06/2016 ‘Inbred intolerance tough to overcome in Mideast’ 06/06/2016 ‘Petty criminals cannot tarnish residents image’ – ‘Deport law-breaking expats’ 30/05/2016 The ‘victim’ executed – Castle falls with heart 6 days ago Dealing with expatriates 1 week ago Pragmatism name of the game – Fast-changing scenario 2 weeks ago Diplomacy of statements! 4 weeks ago Legal Clinic Entertainment Health E-Paper Kuwait Airways third aircraft arrives – Carrier maintains delivery schedule for total of 10 new Boeing 777-300ER 1 day ago Rasha Al Roumi and flight and cabin crew. KUWAIT CITY, Feb 1: Following the arrival of its first two Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, in December 2016 and January 2017, Kuwait Airways, the official national carrier of the State of Kuwait, has welcomed the arrival of the third of 10 aircraft on order, landing at Kuwait International Airport (KWI) at 16:30 hours local time, on Tuesday. Sporting Kuwait Airways’ new livery and branding, the third wide-bodied, “Extended Range” aircraft has been named “Kathma” — following the theme of naming the new aircraft after place names in the country. Kathma is a town situated just North West of the capital, Kuwait City. The new Boeing 777-300ER will enter service within the week and will be immediately deployed on some of Kuwait Airways’ most popular, long-haul routes, including: New York, London, Paris and Rome; with other routes — namely to the airline’s Far East destinations — to have use of the new aircraft sometime during the upcoming Summer Schedule. The arrival of the third aircraft matches the schedule outlined between Kuwait Airways and Boeing to have all 10 aircraft delivered and in commercial service before the end of Q3 2017. Kuwait Airways’ “Transformation Strategy”, as revealed in September of last year, is the driving force behind the many changes and fleet additions being seen at the airline, over the last few months; additional fleet acquisitions with Airbus — 10 A350 and 15 A320neo aircraft — will also be part of a 35-strong fleet of brand new aircraft. The Airbus aircraft are set to start delivery in 2019. With these new additions, Kuwait Airways’ claim is that it will have the youngest commercial airline fleet, in the world, by 2021. “The ongoing progress we have been witnessing at Kuwait Airways, in recent months, is something of great pride that we want to share with the Kuwaiti people and the nation as a whole. These new fleet acquisitions are part of the bedrock of our new philosophy and commitment to see the official national carrier of Kuwait continue to grow market share, passenger numbers and regain its place as a competitive regional player in the aviation sector,” said Rasha Al Roumi, Chairperson and CEO of Kuwait Airways. “I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the stakeholders — and true patriots of Kuwait — who continue to offer their unwavering support for Kuwait Airways’ ambitions; a mission that will reassert a sense of pride in the official national carrier, as well as the country’s international standing in both the aviation and travel communities,” Al Roumi added.   Share kuwait airways 2017-02-02 Arab Times Previous Kuwait ends 15.74 pts up in volatile session – Kuwait National Cinema gains 40 fils; KFH flat Next Tijari records net profit of KD 50.4mn for 2016 – Board recommends 15% cash dividend and 10% bonus shares Related Articles Panel agrees KD 600mn KAC capital increase – Juvenile age change to 18 eyed 2 weeks ago Kuwait Airways Kuwaiti steward held with liquor, bag of drugs 3 weeks ago ‘Provide admin action plan to justify Kuwait Airways’ KD 600m request’ 3 weeks ago KAC workers stage sit-in for rights 4 weeks ago MP Al-Dalal slams govt over anti-corruption law – Minister questioned regarding issue of employment in KAC 4 weeks ago No Kuwaiti airlines included in int’l list of most orderly, organized airlines of 2016 4 weeks ago Check Also ICM’s MPs present draft to set up democracy authority – Deal to let pilots remain in KAC under way KUWAIT CITY, Dec 25: The Islamic Constitutional Movement (ICM) Bloc, MPs Jama’an Al- Harbash, Mohammad … Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. E – Paper Most Popular ‘Queues’ at health insurance centers Rights activists lament cases of abuse against domestic workers - Violence against maids affects negatively on Kuwait’s reputation New escalation in Filipino maids crisis; abuse on rise Embassy of India advisory Hunt for Egyptian contractor Legal action or deportation for sports revelers choking roads Nepalese Maid dies in police custody Egyptian salesman caught peeping at female diplomat 1st Feb Ministry intends to restart aid to Kuwaiti women wed to expats - Hike in health insurance after 2 yrs Login Remember Me Register Lost your password? © Copyright 2017, Arab Times Kuwait - All Rights Reserved
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: February 3, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe Member rewards Email Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Titan Machinery Inc. (TITN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. (TSC) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Deckers Outdoor Corporation (DECK) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.13 EPS Traders Buy MetLife, Inc. (MET) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Traders Buy MetLife, Inc. (MET) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Lannett Co Inc (LCI) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.18 (GOF) Guggenheim Strategic Opportunities Fund Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.18 (GOF) Guggenheim Enhanced Equity Strategy Fund (GGE) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.49 Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (FBHS) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Telford Homes plc’s (TEF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €135.00 Price Target at Societe Generale Eaton Vance Ltd Duration Income Fund to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.09 (EVV) 11,986 Shares in Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA) Acquired by HighTower Advisors LLC Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Position Lowered by HighTower Advisors LLC United Services Automobile Association Boosts Position in Noble Energy Inc. (NBL) United Services Automobile Association Sells 866 Shares of Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) United Services Automobile Association Increases Stake in Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. (AXTA) United Services Automobile Association Has $4,961,000 Position in H&R Block, Inc. (HRB) Boeing Company (The) (BA) SVP Thomas J. Downey Sells 1,000 Shares February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Thomas J. Downey also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, February 1st, Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.51, for a total value of $327,020.00. On Monday, January 30th, Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing Company (The) stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total value of $330,780.00. Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) traded up 0.34% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $163.97. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,138,026 shares. Boeing Company has a 52-week low of $102.10 and a 52-week high of $170.00. The company has a market cap of $101.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.55 and a beta of 1.05. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $159.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $142.83. Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing Company (The) had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.60 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Company will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 8th. This is a positive change from Boeing Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.09. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.46%. Boeing Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 56.99%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Company (The) (BA) SVP Thomas J. Downey Sells 1,000 Shares” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/boeing-company-the-ba-svp-thomas-j-downey-sells-1000-shares.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on BA. TheStreet lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and set a $162.00 price objective (up previously from $150.00) on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a report on Sunday. Vetr lowered Boeing Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $158.70 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $136.00 price target on shares of Boeing Company (The) in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Boeing Company (The) presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $152.68. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of BA. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) during the third quarter valued at approximately $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares in the last quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares in the last quarter. MV Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 0.7% in the third quarter. MV Capital Management Inc. now owns 919 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Boeing Company (The) by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares in the last quarter. 74.74% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Boeing Company (The) Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace firm. The Company operates in five segments: Commercial airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business, such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). Its Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft, which provides related support services to the commercial airline industry. Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds Boeing 3 February 2017Military News Shutterstock photo At Holdings Channel , we have reviewed the latest batch of the 22 most recent 13F filings for the 12/31/2016 reporting period, and noticed that Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) was held by 12 of these funds. When hedge fund managers appear to be thinking alike, we find it is a good idea to take a closer look. Before we proceed, it is important to point out that 13F filings do not tell the whole story, because these funds are only required to disclose their long positions with the SEC, but are not required to disclose their short positions. A fund making a bearish bet against a stock by shorting calls, for example, might also be long some amount of stock as they trade around their overall bearish position. This long component could show up in a 13F filing and everyone might assume the fund is bullish, but this tells only part of the story because the bearish/short side of the position is not seen . Having given that caveat, we believe that looking at groups of 13F filings can be revealing, especially when comparing one holding period to another. Below, let’s take a look at the change in BA positions, for this latest batch of 13F filers: Fund New Position? Change In Share Count Change In Market Value($ in 1000’s) Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA Existing -79 +$197 Pettyjohn Wood & White Inc. Existing -575 +$400 Fort Pitt Capital Group LLC Existing -1,521 +$5,904 Hanson McClain Inc. NEW +3,891 +$606 Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Existing +416 +$935 Princeton Capital Management Inc. Existing -1,071 +$752 Herndon Capital Management LLC Existing -1,881 -$235 Wesbanco Bank Inc. Existing -1,418 +$3,385 ST Germain D J Co. Inc. Existing +558 +$148 Blue Granite Capital LLC NEW +25,785 +$4,015 State of Alaska Department of Revenue Existing -1,470 +$927 Stanford Investment Group Inc. Existing +1 +$5 Aggregate Change: +22,636 +$17,039 In terms of shares owned, we count 3 of the above funds having increased existing BA positions from 09/30/2016 to 12/31/2016, with 7 having decreased their positions and 2 new positions. Looking beyond these particular funds in this one batch of most recent filers, we tallied up the BA share count in the aggregate among all of the funds which held BA at the 12/31/2016 reporting period (out of the 1,090 we looked at in total). We then compared that number to the sum total of BA shares those same funds held back at the 09/30/2016 period, to see how the aggregate share count held by hedge funds has moved for BA. We found that between these two periods, funds increased their holdings by 1,057,477 shares in the aggregate, from 27,260,578 up to 28,318,055 for a share count increase of approximately 3.88%. The overall top three funds holding BA on 12/31/2016 were: We’ll keep following the latest 13F filings by hedge fund managers and bring you interesting stories derived from a look at the aggregate information across groups of managers between filing periods. While looking at individual 13F filings can sometimes be misleading due to the long-only nature of the information, the sum total across groups of funds from one reporting period to another can be a lot more revealing and relevant, providing interesting stock ideas that merit further research, like Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA). 10 S&P 500 Components Hedge Funds Are Buying » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged fort Markets Uncategorized Post navigation Marcus Hiles – Proud of Texas Creating More Jobs Than Any Other State Microsoft, Google and IBM Surge in Public Cloud is at Expense of Smaller Providers Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition February 10 The Queens of Trumplandia California's Lost Viking Treasure Ship The Queens of Trumplandia Inside the War Between Trump and the Media View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out U.S. Major U.S. Companies Form Coalition to Back Republican Border Tax By Reuters On 2/2/17 at 7:51 PM Close U.S. Border Wall Tax NAFTA U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co and Boeing Co launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer Inc, and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Workers at the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US Warren Stamping Plant, January 22, 2016 in Warren, Michigan. James Pethokoukis writes that when judging the Obama years economically, you have to answer the question, Was there something special about the Great Recession and Financial Crisis that precluded a more robust recovery? That would seem a pretty important determination to make. Bill Pugliano/Getty Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp and Best Buy Co Inc, say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Related Stories Trump Admin on Course to Take EU to Task on Currency Uber's Travis Kalanick To Leave Trump Advisory Group Tillerson Calls Mexico, Canada, Addresses Dissenters Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe February 03 Issue Putin, Russia and the Return of Cold War Liberals Tooth, Heal Thyself The Truth Behind the Last Battle of Vietnam January 27 Issue Genetic 'Signatures' Help Spot Deadly Cancers Jonathan Pie Takes YouTube Act Live in Post-Truth Era Commander-in-Tweet January 20 Issue Sunlight Could Boost Immune Activity in the Skin Exclusive: Malala Yousafzai on What Comes Next Hezbollah Is the Real Winner of the Battle of Aleppo January 06 Issue 'Sherlock' Creators Talk Season 4 and Beyond Why Cuba’s Muslim Population Is Growing America's 50-Year Love Affair With the Camaro Browse Archives
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | boeing | oracle | republican | border tax GE, Boeing, Oracle Form Coalition to Support Republican Border Tax (AP/Gene J Puskar) Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 10:09 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly and Co., Pfizer Inc., and Oracle Corp., the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp. and Best Buy Co. Inc., say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit. "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition - including Boeing and GE - successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. "The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials," said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp. have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. companies including majorexporters General Electric Co. and Boeing Co. launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican planto tax all imports, saying the proposal would support Americanjobs and American-made products. The group, comprised of more than 25... boeing, oracle, republican, border tax 444 Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 10:09 PM 2017-09-02 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Combat Aircraft > Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field Absent wild cards, the T-X competition narrows down to Lockheed T-50A versus Boeing BTX Feb 3, 2017 James Drew | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The U.S. Air Force’s $16 billion competition for a modern training aircraft to replace the vintage Northrop T-38 Talon has come down to a cost shoot-out between Boeing and Lockheed Martin, following the exit of Raytheon and Northrop Grumman. Raytheon was first to quit, declaring its withdrawal from the T-X contest on Jan. 25 after failing to agree to terms with Italy’s Leonardo on the unit cost of the M-346 Master—which they would have pitched as the T-100, to undergo ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS PREMIUM CONTENT "Northrop, Raytheon Withdrawal Narrows T-X Playing Field" is part of the new Aviation Week & Space Technology subscription, now available online and in our newly launched mobile app.   Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: online and mobile access are now included at no added charge to you. To read this full article, use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).     Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.     Not currently a subscriber? Subscribe NOW to our introductory launch special (up to 40% off regular rates), available exclusively at Aviationweek.com. Simply click below to choose your preferred option to receive immediate online and mobile access.     SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles U.S. Air Force’s T-X Playing Field Shrinking Fast 90   Raytheon/Leonardo Team Exits U.S. Air Force T-X Competition 32   Battle Begins For T-X Advanced Pilot Trainer 2   High-Performance T-X Could Edge Out Low-Cost Bid 60   Sierra Nevada Corp., TAI Team To Offer Freedom Trainer For T-X 39   Advertisement Premium Defense Content Lockheed Upgrades F-22’s Stealth Coating  Gearbox Focus Of Norway EC225 Crash Probe  Fund-Raising Prioritized By New XTI CEO For VTOL TriFan  South Korean Navy Assigns Wildcats To Incheon Class Frigates  India Hikes Defense Budget  Rely on Aerospace Daily & Defense Report’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Space SpaceX Government investigators reportedly concerned about defect in SpaceX rocket engines, says WSJ But SpaceX says its engines are “robust” by Loren Grush@lorengrush Feb 2, 2017, 6:29pm EST share tweet Linkedin SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket. SpaceX Government investigators may be worried about a potentially dangerous defect found in SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rockets — an issue that could compromise the safety of astronauts who are supposed to fly on the vehicle as soon as next year, the Wall Street Journal reports. Specifically, the officials have identified a pattern of cracking in the rocket’s turbine blades, which drive the turbopumps that rapidly funnel propellant into the engines. It’s a hurdle that may require design changes to the Falcon 9, WSJ argues, and could further delay the first launches of the Falcon 9 rocket with people on board. The concerns are supposedly detailed in a draft of an upcoming report from the Government Accountability Office The concerns are supposedly detailed in a draft of an upcoming report from the Government Accountability Office, a federal agency that does audits on behalf of Congress. (The Wall Street Journal cites industry and government officials who are “familiar with the matter” in its report.) A representative for GAO confirmed that the agency is working on a report about the Commercial Crew Program, where SpaceX and Boeing are developing vehicles to transport NASA astronauts to and from the International Space Station. “We do have work underway and it is due out later this month,” Charles Young, the managing director of GAO’s public affairs, tells The Verge. “I can’t comment on the contents of the report until it is issued. It is still in draft form and we have not provided copies to any reporters.” SpaceX is currently modifying its Dragon cargo capsule — a vehicle that the company uses to transport supplies to and from the ISS — so that it can carry NASA astronauts as early as 2018. Once complete, the vehicle, named Crew Dragon, will be able to transport a crew of seven and launch on top of one of SpaceX’s Falcon 9s. Originally, the first crewed flight of the Crew Dragon was supposed to take place this year, but setbacks have forced SpaceX to delay that launch until 2018. The cracking in the rocket’s turbine blades could cause another delay. NASA has told SpaceX that this cracking pattern in the Falcon 9 is “an unacceptable risk” for future crewed missions, according to the Journal. The WSJ also spoke with NASA’s acting administrator, Robert Lightfoot, who said that the space agency is working with SpaceX on the turbopump problem: Mr. Lightfoot said “we’re talking to [SpaceX] about turbo machinery,” adding that he thinks “we know how to fix them.” In the interview, Mr. Lightfoot said he didn’t know if the solution would require a potentially time-consuming switch to bigger turbopumps. However, SpaceX argues that it has designed its engines so that they can withstand cracking in the turbines, but it’s also working on ways to get rid of the problem. “We have qualified our engines to be robust to turbine wheel cracks,” John Taylor, a SpaceX representative, tells The Verge. “However, we are modifying the design to avoid them altogether. This will be part of the final design iteration on Falcon 9. SpaceX has established a plan in partnership with NASA to qualify engines for [crewed] spaceflight.” “We have qualified our engines to be robust to turbine wheel cracks.” The GAO report also touches on NASA’s other Commercial Crew partner, Boeing, arguing that the first crewed launches of the company’s capsule, the CST-100 Starliner, will also likely be delayed. Specifically there may be a problem with testing out the capsule’s parachutes, which are needed to land the vehicle after it returns from space. Boeing has already pushed back the first crewed flights of the Starliner twice. Renderings of SpaceX’s Crew Dragon (left) and Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner (right). SpaceX/Boeing/NASA Because the GAO report is just a draft for now, its final iteration could be completely different once it’s released. But if the cracking pattern is mentioned in the final report, however, it wouldn’t be the first time that people have raised concerns about astronaut safety with regard to SpaceX’s rockets. In November, a panel of expert advisors to NASA said they were worried about SpaceX’s plans to fuel the Falcon 9 with people on board, arguing that propellant loading is a “hazardous operation” that shouldn’t be done anywhere near people. During NASA’s Space Shuttle program, astronauts boarded the vehicle after it had been loaded with propellant, but SpaceX is aiming to load the Falcon 9 with propellant after the astronauts have boarded the Crew Dragon on top of the rocket. At the time, SpaceX argued that it had “designed a reliable fueling and launch process that minimizes" risk to people on board. However, the company also noted that it was open to updating its fueling procedures as needed. "Any additional controls will be put in place to ensure crew safety, from the moment the astronauts reach the pad, through fueling, launch, and spaceflight, and until they are brought safely home," the company said in a statement. SpaceX’s fueling procedures were called into question by the panel after one of the company’s rockets exploded on a Florida launch pad in September, during a routine fueling procedure. The accident forced SpaceX to ground all of its rockets for more than four months, in order to investigate the cause of the failure. In January, the company revealed that a complex interplay of materials — including liquid oxygen and helium pressure vessels — in the rocket’s upper propellant tank sparked the explosion. SpaceX said it had taken appropriate action to make sure the same failure wouldn’t happen again, and the company successfully returned to flight in January by launching 10 satellites for Iridium from California. Meanwhile, SpaceX is preparing for its next launch from a newly renovated pad at Cape Canaveral, Florida, known as 39A, which was used for Space Shuttle launches. The company has yet to receive a launch license from the FAA, though SpaceX said it has submitted a license request and is just waiting for approval. “We’ve been working closely with the FAA for six months on getting our vehicles licensed from 39A,” says Taylor. That next launch will transport cargo to the ISS for NASA. Next Up In Science Vaquita population drops below 30 as US Navy dolphins race to save them from extinction The horror: Indian doctors remove 6-foot tapeworm through a patient’s mouth Inside the GOP's unpopular plan to sell off public wilderness The flying Bat Bot can swoop and dive like the real thing Watch this invisible robot grab a fish out of the blue MIT built a wearable app to detect emotion in conversation Now Trending Elon Musk explains why he won't quit Donald Trump's advisory council This picture of the Nintendo Switch and Wii U is kind of mind-blowing Government investigators reportedly concerned about defect in SpaceX rocket engines, says WSJ Dune may finally get a good adaptation from Denis Villeneuve Snapchat files for a $3 billion IPO This Article has a component height of 22. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Business Tech Apple will start building iPhones in India by April, says IT minister by Sam Byford@345triangle Priyank Kharge, the IT minister for the Indian state of Karnataka, has said that Apple will soon begin assembling iPhones in the country. Kharge tells Bloomberg News that manufacturing will begin in state capital Bangalore, officially known as... New, 5 comments Transportation Cars Ford These American-made Ford Raptor pickups are shipping off to China by Jordan Golson@jlgolson In a move that is sure to make President Trump happy, Ford is shipping a boatload (really) of F-150 Raptor pickup trucks. They will be the first Ford pickups to officially be sold in the country, and company reps are very excited to be sending... New, 3 comments US & World Politics Transportation Elon Musk explains why he won't quit Donald Trump's advisory council by Rich McCormick On the same day that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down from Donald Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum, Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has justified his presence at its meetings. In a statement, Musk said that his attendance does not mean that... New, 31 comments Apps US & World Tech #DeleteUber reportedly led 200,000 people to delete their accounts by Nick Statt@nickstatt That is... a lot of accounts New, 7 comments TL;DR Web Apps The only official Snapchat instruction manual is buried in its IPO filing by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc. filed to go public today, and part of the paperwork involved in setting up its initial public offering includes visual descriptions of how the Snapchat app actually works. This is neat development, if only because Snap has long prized... New, 2 comments Photography Tech GoPro lost $373 million during its awful 2016 by Sean O'Kane@sokane1 GoPro’s awful 2016 can finally be put in terms of dollars. The company just released its fourth quarter earnings, and it turns out the camera-maker operated at a loss of $373 million for the year. While the company did pull in $540 million in... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Commercial Aviation > Economic Environment, Geopolitics Burden Gulf Carriers You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Economic Environment, Geopolitics Burden Gulf Carriers Big three Gulf carriers are no longer the strongest growth engine for international air travel Feb 3, 2017 Jens Flottau | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 In the space of 1 hr. at the 2013 Dubai Air Show, then-Boeing CEO Jim McNerney and Airbus CEO Fabrice Bregier welcomed deals for $200 billion in aircraft orders that helped launch the Boeing 777X and, for the time being, saved the struggling Airbus A380. “If there were any doubt left that the ‘Big Three’ Gulf carriers—Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways—are becoming the dominating force in long-haul aviation, it should now be dispelled,” Aviation ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS PREMIUM CONTENT "Economic Environment, Geopolitics Burden Gulf Carriers" is part of the new Aviation Week & Space Technology subscription, now available online and in our newly launched mobile app.   Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: online and mobile access are now included at no added charge to you. To read this full article, use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).     Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.     Not currently a subscriber? Subscribe NOW to our introductory launch special (up to 40% off regular rates), available exclusively at Aviationweek.com. Simply click below to choose your preferred option to receive immediate online and mobile access.     SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Emirates Sees 8-12% Economic Improvement From A380neo 14 Airline CEOs Disappointed U.S. Has Not Frozen Gulf Carrier Capacity 44 Opinion: Open Skies Is Not Working For U.S. Airline Workers 38   Emirates Says Open Skies Reversal Would Be A ‘Shame’ 23 NavWeek: Chinese Fireworks 18 Advertisement Premium Commercial Content UK Taking Public Pulse On Airports, Airspace Change  U.S. Airlines, Unions Appeal To Incoming Cabinet  UPS Profit Down 29% Year-Over-Year  CFM International Selects New Chief Executive  Amazon Setting Up $1.5 Billion Cargo Hub In U.S. Midwest  Rely on Aviation Daily’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Media Invited to See NASA Air Traffic Management Technology in Action 2 February 2017Military News WASHINGTON, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — NASA is in Washington state to test a new aircraft technology that could help airlines reduce air traffic delays and air traffic controller workloads. Media are invited to learn about the new software during an in-flight test Thursday, Feb. 9. In a series of flights called Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration-1 (ATD-1), NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate is testing airborne flight deck interval management software with the help of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and aviation partners. The month-long campaign involves three planes: a Boeing 757 and business jet supplied by Honeywell, and a Boeing 737 provided by United Airlines. The aircraft are based at King County International and Seattle-Tacoma International Airports in Seattle, but the flight test will take place about 120 miles east, over Grant County International Airport. Media are invited to ride aboard the Honeywell 757, leaving from King County International Airport at 8 a.m. PST on Feb. 9, to observe the technology in flight, however seats are limited. For more information or to reserve a seat, media must contact Kathy Barnstorff at kathy.barnstorff@nasa.gov or 757-344-8511 no later than noon EST Tuesday, Feb. 7. The Boeing aircraft are equipped with NASA-developed software that can more precisely and safely manage the arrival of aircraft to airports. The business jet, flying lead, will broadcast its speed and position information to the 757 and 737, and the two larger airplanes will follow, allowing the test software to automatically calculate the speeds and distances the pilots must maintain between aircraft. That information is displayed on a tablet computer in the cockpit. The goal of the research is to help airplanes spend less time in the air – saving money on fuel and reducing noise and engine emissions – while increasing efficiency and reducing delays. The software and flight tests were developed by researchers at NASA’s Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, and are part of the Airspace Technology Demonstration Project managed from NASA’s Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley. For more information about the flight test, go to: http://go.nasa.gov/2khFmuT For more information about NASA Aeronautics projects, go to: https://www.nasa.gov/aeronautics To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/media-invited-to-see-nasa-air-traffic-management-technology-in-action-300401479.html SOURCE NASA Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged aircraft Business Computing jet NASA Technology Uncategorized Post navigation ACETO Board of Directors Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend   Sotherly Hotels Inc. Announces Acquisition of Condo Hotel Commercial Unit Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Hedonistica I Watch Stuff Home Videos Video Games Archives Send a Tip! Facebook Twitter Boeing Unveils New Spacesuit For Upcoming Trips To International Space Station February 2, 2017 View This is the new spacesuit unveiled by Boeing for their Starliner 'space taxi' trips to the International Space Station beginning in 2018. As you can see, they're way more form fitting than previous spacesuits, and even have crotch accents that make it look like you're wearing space ranger Underoos. "The most important part is that the suit will keep you alive," astronaut Eric Boe said in a press release. "It is a lot lighter, more form-fitting and it's simpler, which is always a good thing. Complicated systems have more ways they can break, so simple is better on something like this." New features include an upgraded helmet, which is incorporated into the spacesuit, touchscreen-sensitive gloves, and built-in ventilation. Admittedly, that's a pretty sleek design (even if they did place the nipples way too low), but where do I wear my laser pistol? Does the holster come separate? Because I'll be damned if I'm blasting off into outerspace without easy access to my weapon. "You don't need a laser pistol." Yes I do too, how else am I going to keep the rest of the crew safe from space pirates -- did you ever think of that? *spins pistol on finger, accidentally shoots hole in cabin pressurization system* Oh shitty shit shit. Keep going for several more shots and a short video. Thanks to Luc, who's holding out for a Buzz Lightyear spacesuit. Yeah man, that thing's sweet. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Finally, A Toilet Paper Holder That Can Also Hold Beer And Wine Previous Story 1000-Degree Rocket Knives Destroying A Bunch Of Stuff Next Story Emmitt Morgans SPACESHIP!!! Hopefully the chin area of the helmet isn't as prone to cracking as the popular miniature prototype from the '80s... that would *not* go well. atheistgirl I'm sure they know what they're doing, but... zips?! Bertw192 Nike will be marketing those shoes to the public soon. Mark my words. Bling Nye What, no sippy straw? PFFT. Gotta take your helmet off to eat nutrient paste like a total pleb. bigalosu Lol. I was going to say "What no cod piece?", but you were better. blog comments powered by Disqus Read More: astronauts, how much for a costume version i can use to convince people i'm a real astronaut?, international space station, iss, looking good, outerspace, space, space station, sure why not, the final frontier, to infinity and beyond, well it's nice to know not everyone has given up on space entirely Related Astronauts Aboard The International Space Station Do The Mannequin Challenge January 3, 2017 Astronaut Gains 2-Inches In Height After Year In Space March 3, 2016 What Happens To An Astronaut During A Year In Space September 16, 2015 Previous Post Next Post © 2017 Anticlown Media LLC Home About Site Map Contact Atom RSS
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Media Invited to See NASA Air Traffic Management Technology in Action 2 February 2017Military News WASHINGTON, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — NASA is in Washington state to test a new aircraft technology that could help airlines reduce air traffic delays and air traffic controller workloads. Media are invited to learn about the new software during an in-flight test Thursday, Feb. 9. In a series of flights called Air Traffic Management Technology Demonstration-1 (ATD-1), NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate is testing airborne flight deck interval management software with the help of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and aviation partners. The month-long campaign involves three planes: a Boeing 757 and business jet supplied by Honeywell, and a Boeing 737 provided by United Airlines. The aircraft are based at King County International and Seattle-Tacoma International Airports in Seattle, but the flight test will take place about 120 miles east, over Grant County International Airport. Media are invited to ride aboard the Honeywell 757, leaving from King County International Airport at 8 a.m. PST on Feb. 9, to observe the technology in flight, however seats are limited. For more information or to reserve a seat, media must contact Kathy Barnstorff at kathy.barnstorff@nasa.gov or 757-344-8511 no later than noon EST Tuesday, Feb. 7. The Boeing aircraft are equipped with NASA-developed software that can more precisely and safely manage the arrival of aircraft to airports. The business jet, flying lead, will broadcast its speed and position information to the 757 and 737, and the two larger airplanes will follow, allowing the test software to automatically calculate the speeds and distances the pilots must maintain between aircraft. That information is displayed on a tablet computer in the cockpit. The goal of the research is to help airplanes spend less time in the air – saving money on fuel and reducing noise and engine emissions – while increasing efficiency and reducing delays. The software and flight tests were developed by researchers at NASA’s Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, and are part of the Airspace Technology Demonstration Project managed from NASA’s Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley. For more information about the flight test, go to: For more information about NASA Aeronautics projects, go to:   SOURCE NASA Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged aircraft Business Computing Federal Executive Branch & Agency jet NASA Technology Post navigation Lifshitz & Miller Law Firm Announces Investigation of Alcobra Ltd., Egalet Corporation, Sanderson Farms, Inc., Surgical Care Affiliates, Inc., State Street Corporation, Tenet Healthcare Corp., Vista Outdoor Inc. and Zagg Inc. UBM Medica’s Dental Group Invests in Talent and Trajectory Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
No Ads Friday | February 3, 2017 Trending Dark Horse DNC candidate: Party has to 'evolve' 02/02/17 12:01 AM Republicans begin rollback of Obama's war on coal 02/01/17 07:58 PM Trump slashes regulation output by 70 percent 02/02/17 12:01 AM Morale at Homeland Security has 'skyrocketed' under Trump 02/02/17 12:00 AM Tom Brady doesn't owe you an explanation on Trump 02/02/17 12:01 AM Study: 2017 minimum wage hikes will cost 383,000 jobs by 2020 02/02/17 05:00 AM Now is the time to hold VA employees accountable for their failures 02/01/17 07:00 PM Trump lashes out at 'dumb' refugee resettlement agreement with Australia 02/01/17 11:32 PM Trump's SCOTUS issues: God, guns, abortion, taxes, business, federalism 02/01/17 01:48 PM Republicans warn Trump: Garage bands don't score hits 02/01/17 07:18 PM DHS secretary wants wall built in two years 02/01/17 10:39 PM Media help obviously flawed anti-Trump story go viral 02/01/17 06:41 PM Trump Doc: 70-year-old president takes hair growth drug 02/01/17 11:03 PM Fiery riots roil UC Berkeley after Milo arrives on campus 02/01/17 11:04 PM Mother of son murdered by illegal immigrant asks Pelosi which of her children is 'expendable' 01/31/17 11:20 PM Ryan: I've spoken more to Trump in 1 month than I did to Obama in 8 years 02/01/17 06:21 PM GOP introduces national right-to-work legislation 01/30/17 09:14 PM Trump lashes out at Iran: 'Should have been thankful for the terrible deal' 02/02/17 07:05 AM From transformation to displacement 02/02/17 12:02 AM Trump attends return of fallen Navy SEAL 02/01/17 03:38 PM Republicans use Chuck Schumer's words against him 02/01/17 02:44 PM IRS attorney busted for alleged meth dealer side gig 02/01/17 09:59 PM McCarthy denies GOP is 'scrambling' with Obamacare replacement 02/01/17 11:58 PM Tillerson warns State Department to brace for changes 02/02/17 10:44 AM GOP changes rules to push EPA nomination over Democratic boycott 02/02/17 10:52 AM Whip count: Here's where Democrats stand on Trump's Supreme Court pick 02/01/17 05:42 PM Leaks: Trump talked tough with Mexican, Australian leaders 02/01/17 09:54 PM Wild: Clinton team blames Obama for election loss 02/01/17 12:01 AM Trump threatens to withhold federal funds after school cancels Milo speech due to riot 02/02/17 06:35 AM McCain photobombs CNN reporter: 'After all these years ... revenge!' 02/01/17 07:07 PM Nikki Finke's political column canceled 02/01/17 05:11 PM NYT snubs top-selling book on abortionist Gosnell 02/02/17 01:50 PM Gunning for Gorsuch — liberals' new normal 02/02/17 12:01 AM Byron York: Dems escalate anti-Trump offensive 01/31/17 10:36 PM White House: 'We are putting Iran on notice' 02/01/17 02:05 PM Arnold Schwarzenegger responds to Trump's taunt about his low 'Apprentice' ratings 02/02/17 10:15 AM The Silent Majority stands with Trump and DeVos 02/01/17 06:04 PM Jobless claims drop to 246,000 in first week of Trump administration 02/02/17 08:31 AM Media mock Trump for grammar mistake while celebrating Frederick Douglass 02/01/17 02:18 PM Half of Aussie 'refugees' to U.S. from Trump travel ban nations 02/02/17 12:53 PM $181 billion in Obama regulations frozen, more coming 01/31/17 11:53 AM Democratic disarray: Gorsuch snubbed by Senate leaders, embraced by others 02/02/17 12:17 PM Trump to meet with Harley-Davidson executives in Washington 02/01/17 02:31 PM Trump: Tillerson will honor three 'ancient truths' of foreign policy 02/01/17 07:25 PM GOP retreat on Obamacare shows how Trump backburned conservatism 02/02/17 01:53 PM National right-to-work bill introduced in Congress 02/01/17 02:53 PM Pentagon sources: Obama did not reject plan for Yemen raid 02/01/17 04:49 PM Trump uses National Prayer Breakfast to press immigration ban 02/02/17 10:05 AM Copying Israel's wall would cut Trump's price nearly in half 02/01/17 07:25 AM Obama the great: Smithsonian cues up glowing documentary 02/01/17 01:14 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us American Made Coalition has been created to advocate for the border adjustment provision of the plan. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson) House GOP tax plan gets boost from GE, Boeing, others By Joseph Lawler (@josephlawler) • 2/2/17 1:26 PM Joseph Lawler Economics Writer The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/HeadshotLawler_Joseph.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More House Republicans seeking a divisive overhaul of corporate taxation got a major private-sector boost Thursday, with the launch of a business coalition specifically backing the part of the tax plan that has drawn opposition from retailers, refiners and other big importers. General Electric, Dow Chemical, Boeing, Pfizer, Eli Lilly and other major multinational corporations are among the backers of the American Made Coalition, a new group set up to advocate for the border adjustment provision of the House Republican tax reform plan. The provision effectively would tax imports as part of a broader corporate rate-cutting reform that would tax goods based on where they are sold. In the plan, companies would no longer be allowed to deduct the cost of imported goods and services but would no longer pay any taxes on revenues from exports. In today's system, U.S. companies are taxed on all profits, whether they are earned in the U.S. or abroad. Republicans say the change would encourage more manufacturing within the U.S. and discourage companies from moving production overseas. Companies such as Walmart that rely heavily on imported goods have sought to stop the measure, announcing their own advocacy group Wednesday for that purpose. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! But big exporters would be winners under the plan. Depending on the details, it is possible that some might actually get government refunds year after year, under the border-adjusted plan. The new group is meant to help promote the border adjustment feature of the tax plan and is separate from another business group, the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, that last week came out in support of the GOP plan more generally, without specific support for the destination-based tax part. There appears to be significant overlap among the groups. Of major businesses, only Dow Chemical, General Electric, Boeing, Pfizer and Eli Lilly confirmed to the Washington Examiner that they are part of the American Made Coalition, which claims membership of more than 25 companies from a range of industries. Also said to be in the coalition are Honeywell, Caterpillar and McIlhenny Co., the maker of Tabasco. Also from the Washington Examiner Democrats proving powerless to stop Trump's Cabinet Senate Democrats have little to show for trying to stall President Trump's nominees ahead of a bruising Supreme Court confirmation fight. By W. James Antle III • 02/03/17 4:00 AM Kevin Brady, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee tasked with writing the legislation, said last week that support from businesses and CEOs would be necessary to passing tax reform. Now the tax reform effort is partly an industry-versus-industry battle. But views of the border adjustment also differ ideologically, not just based on corporate bottom lines. Some Republicans and conservative-leaning experts have expressed skepticism of the plan to move to a destination-based tax system. At the same time, the concept has received support from left-leaning economists and some Democrats. Also from the Washington Examiner Pence: 'We are absolutely committed' to Obamacare repeal The Trump administration is committed to a full repeal and replacement of Obamacare, Vice President Pence said. By Gabby Morrongiello • 02/03/17 12:09 AM Top Story Trump's second-week follow-through Donald Trump's second week as president has been full of surprises and sturm und drang. By Michael Barone • 02/03/17 5:00 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Congress | Joseph Lawler | Economy | House Ways and Means Committee | Boeing | Pharmaceutical Industry | GE | Tax Reform Subscribe to Alerts + News + Congress + Joseph Lawler + Economy + House Ways And Means Committee + Boeing + Pharmaceutical Industry + GE + Tax Reform Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-02-02 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/house-gop-tax-plan-gets-boost-from-ge-boeing-others/article/2613739 2017-02-02T13:26 2017-02-02T13:31 House GOP tax plan gets boost from GE, Boeing, others House Republicans seeking a divisive overhaul of corporate taxation got a major private-sector boost Thursday, with the launch of a business coalition specifically backing the part of the tax plan that has drawn opposition from retailers, refiners and other big importers. General Electric, Dow Chemical, Boeing, Pfizer, Eli Lilly and other major multinational corporations are among the backers of the American Made Coalition, a new group set up to advocate for the border adjustment provision of the House Republican tax reform plan. The provision effectively would tax imports as part of a broader corporate rate-cutting reform that would tax goods based on where they are sold. In the plan, companies would no longer be allowed to deduct the cost of imported goods and services but would no longer pay any taxes on revenues from exports. In today's system, U.S. companies are taxed on all profits, whether they are earned in the U.S. or abroad. Republicans say the change would encourage more manufacturing within the U.S. and discourage companies from moving production overseas. Politics,News,Congress,Joseph Lawler,Economy,House Ways and Means Committee,Minusextra,Boeing,Pharmaceutical Industry,GE,Tax Reform,Finance and Economy http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-607e37da97538e2851f14e4c142fd050.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-607e37da97538e2851f14e4c142fd050.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Home Lifestyle Astro Guide Culture Faith Fashion Food Health Young Life Community News Global South Asia Local National Columnists Health Legal Video Photo Gallery Events Community Events Contact About Us Contact form Subscribe Submit News and Pictures Classifieds – Main Browse Ads Edit Classified Book Classified Advertise Experience Super Bowl LI, as Houston gears up for the big day! Indian Consulate celebrates India’s 68th Republic Day, hosts reception Sugar Land Home & Garden Show – Annual helpful success HSS USA holds Yogathon at Sugar Land Square Home » Community » Houston India Conference launches “Make in India – The Inside Story” on March 24-25, 2017 Houston India Conference launches “Make in India – The Inside Story” on March 24-25, 2017 Houston India conference is hosting first of the series conference on March 24th – 25th in Houston, TX. The topic of 2017 conference is “Make in India – The Inside Story”. The conference is organized by Consulate General of India in Houston, India House, Asia Society Texas Center, Indo American Chamber of Commerce of Greater Houston, US India Skills and Education Council, University of Houston, and World Affairs Council of Dallas/Ft Worth. Texas has a large concentration of constituencies interested in doing business with India. The GDP of Texas at US$ 1.7 trillion would make it the 10th largest economy in the world if it was an independent nation. Texas is home to 54 (or 11%) of Fortune 500 companies. Houston alone does an annual trade of around $3.2 billion with India. There is a strong presence of Indians in Industry, businesses, educational, medical and research institutes that Houston is renowned for. Houston India Conference is designed to bring together the various constituencies that have an interest in India, and discuss with them the latest developments and the best practices of doing business in India. USA and India are true global partners — both in strengthening economies and strong democracies. That’s why President Obama visited India twice while in office, while PM Modi visited USA four times in last two years. Soft Bank of Japan committed to investing $10 billion into India over the next several years. Domino’s Pizza stated that they sell more pies in India than any other country other than the United States. Boeing has been building long-term partnerships with Indian companies that are helping create the indigenous aerospace and defense infrastructure envisioned through “Make in India.” Dennis Swanson, Vice President, Boeing Defense, Space & Security in India said in an interview with Economic Times, “India is one of the most important markets for Boeing internationally.” While some companies will do very well in India, some do not. Dallas-based Mary Kay exited from India after six years in 2003 while Amway and L’Oreal thrived in the same market. Keeping above in mind, the central focus of the Houston India conference is to provide a collaboration platform and share today’s India story with the audience in Texas who are interested in investing in India, by the people who are playing an important role in shaping up the modern. This conference will not only bring together individuals and organizations in Texas or India that have an interest in collaborating but will also catalyze the emergence of a major network in Texas interested in doing business in India. The conference on March 24th, 2017 will be based around a number of panels with carefully chosen speakers. Finale of the conference will be at India House annual gala event on March 25th, 2017. “We have speakers who have expanded brands in India, journalists, foreign policy experts, and movers and shakers who are writing story of today’s India. This event presents a chance to learn lessons from them on what it takes to do business in India and with India. We expect the audience to include top businessmen; active investors and money managers; a collection of business school and public policy school deans; and local government leadership”, said Dr. Anupam Ray, the Consulate General of India. Delegate attendance at the Houston India Conference is by invitation only, limited to qualified titles (usually Chairman, Vice Chairman, CEO and President from global headquarters) and is at the discretion of the Houston India Conference organizers. For further information, please visit http://www.houstonindiaconference.com Houston India conference Indo American Indo-American Chamber of Commerce of Greater Houston Make in India University of Houston US India Skills and Education Council Voice of Asia World Affairs Council More news Indian Consulate celebrates India’s 68th Republic Day, hosts reception » 2 February, 2017 // Community, Featured Sugar Land Home & Garden Show – Annual helpful success » 2 February, 2017 // Featured HSS USA holds Yogathon at Sugar Land Square » 2 February, 2017 // Community, Featured Colorectal Cancer Seminar Fighting Rare, Genetic Colorectal Cancer » 2 February, 2017 // Community, Featured Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Latest News and Stories Experience Super Bowl LI, as Houston gears up for the big day! Indian Consulate celebrates India’s 68th Republic Day, hosts reception Oral lease for a year or less is enforceable Voice of Asia Promo Video Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 June 2015 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2002 © All right reserved - Voice of Asia Online by Grenix
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION February 3, 2017 | Last updated 4 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data2 Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Dubai gold prices: Is bullion back in vogue? Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets11 Automotives Banking5 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy59 Retail Shipping Technology9 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Snapchat parent aims to raise $3b in IPO Texas is in for a Super Bowl lift-off Deutsche Bank posts 1.9b euros loss Renewables Aviation4 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Air India to focus on GCC, South Asia in 2017 Britain sets out third runway plan at Heathrow Air travel soared in 2016: IATA Economy4 Property2 GN Property top stories in Property Sports City residential tower starts handover ‘Exodus’ of tenants put pressure on Dubai rents Indian buys most expensive Dubai villa Money Visas Analysis4 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Air India's first Dreamliner from Kochi arrives in Dubai Dubai International welcomes inaugural arrival with traditional water salute on Wednesday Image Credit: Supplied Air India's first Dreamliner from Kochi gets the traditional water salute upon its arrival in Dubai. Published: 14:00 February 2, 2017 Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dubai: Air India has marked the arrival of its first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to operate between Kochi in Kerala and Dubai. Dubai International Airport welcomed the debut flight from the south Indian city with a traditional water salute on Wednesday afternoon. The aircraft is Air India’s second Dreamliner to fly between India and Dubai, as the carrier already operates a Dreamliner on the Delhi-Dubai route. The new Dreamliner, which was delivered from Boeing's Charleston facility in the United States last November, is the 22nd B787 aircraft in Air India's fleet. It is scheduled to fly on the Dubai-Kochi route at 1:30pm daily. The state-owned company is one of the seven airlines that fly from Dubai to 19 Indian destinations. India emerged as Dubai's single-largest destination country in 2016, with 11.4 million npassengers, up 10.1 per cent from 2015. There are 78 daily flights that operate between Dubai and India.  Dream away! DXB welcomed @airindiain's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to arrive from Kochi, India, with a traditional water salute #avgeek pic.twitter.com/yvS5BBu7xI— Dubai Airports (@DubaiAirports) February 2, 2017 More from Aviation Air India to focus on GCC, South Asia in 2017 Britain sets out third runway plan at Heathrow Air travel soared in 2016: IATA First Dreamliner from Kochi arrives in Dubai Aviation sector needs to counter protectionism Flydubai 2016 profits drop 68% Etihad, Lufthansa in catering, maintenance deals DWC passenger traffic surged 84.5% in 2016 tags from this storyDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGNIndia follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsDubai International Airport follow this tag on MGN+ MGNIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationAir India to focus on GCC, South Asia in 2017 Business Gallery In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01First Dreamliner from Kochi arrives in Dubai 02Air India to focus on GCC, South Asia in 2017 03Britain sets out third runway plan at Heathrow 04Air travel soared in 2016: IATA 05Etihad, Lufthansa in catering, maintenance deals 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 1Image In pictures: Cannes Yachting Festival Sep 07, 2016 1Image Meals in the sky Apr 13, 2014 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play How to protect your device from hackers May 26, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Shaikh Mohammad surprises Dubai diners US embassy in UAE stops issuing visas Cold snap, chance of snowfall in UAE How Dh5m dropped to just Dh123 in 10 years Brit woman living in a car lands job US blacklist strands Dubai transit flyers Dubai honeymoon surprise for Saudis ‘You are at my jailed husband’s mercy’ Indian buys most expensive Dubai villa Close Recommended For You Major dip in temperature across UAEPUBLISHED ON Feb 03, 2017 Lauryn Hill sorry about late Pittsburgh showPUBLISHED ON Feb 03, 2017 Major dip in temperature across UAEPUBLISHED ON Feb 03, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Politics CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Politics Photo Galleries CBC SecureDrop RCAF facing challenge of operating old and new fighter fleets at same time Questions about how well new jets can share data with those of Canada's allies By Murray Brewster, CBC News Posted: Feb 02, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: Feb 02, 2017 10:03 AM ET U.S. Navy Super Hornets are seen here on the flight line at U.S. Naval Air Station Oceana, in Virginia Beach, Virginia last month. (Murray Brewster/CBC News) Murray Brewster Defence and security Murray Brewster is senior defence writer for CBC News, based in Ottawa. He has covered the Canadian military and foreign policy from Parliament Hill for over a decade. Among other assignments, he spent a total of 15 months on the ground covering the Afghan war for The Canadian Press. Prior to that, he covered defence issues and politics for CP in Nova Scotia for 11 years and was bureau chief for Standard Broadcast News in Ottawa. Follow @Murray_Brewster on Twitter More from Murray Brewster Related Stories Canada opens talks on U.S. sole-source 'interim' fighter jet purchase RCAF commander on the Senate hot seat as CF-18 crash unfolds Conservatives' cut to CF-18 flying time in 2014 was a 'political' move to balance budget, ex-MP says Government study warns flying CF-18s late into 2020s a 'high risk' Air force warned readiness of fighter fleet was declining back in 2014 A team of U.S. warplane experts has been invited to brief Canadian officials on what the Royal Canadian Air Force can expect when it takes delivery of a fleet of Super Hornet jets. The briefing, expected to take place this week at the Canadian embassy in Washington, D.C., is crucial for the Liberal government as it grapples with introducing a new fighter jet into service and its impact on Canada's air defences. The Trudeau government has begun talks with the Pentagon for a foreign military sale of 18 Super Hornets, at a cost of $5-$7 billion. The Super Hornet is a larger, more advanced version of the CF-18, which the Liberal government hopes to replace entirely starting in the early 2020s. "It's the same kind of jet with much different stuff connected to it," said Capt. Steve Boyle, wing commodore of the U.S Navy Strike Fighter Wing, Atlantic. Stopgap Super Hornet purchase could cost $5–$7B New Liberal policy means there aren't enough fighter jets to go around CBC News had the opportunity to speak with U.S. Navy pilots and commanders last week about what the RCAF can expect operating different generations of what is arguably the same fighter. It will take a CF-18 pilot about three months to learn to fly the new fighter, while training an entire squadron of pilots will take about six months — relatively short time frames, which is considered one of the advantages of the Super Hornets over the rival F-35. "From the pilot's perspective, it's easy to fly a legacy Hornet [like a CF-18] in the morning and a Super Hornet in the afternoon," said Boeing executive Steve Brennan, who commanded the same fighter wing as Boyle over a decade ago. The two aircraft have different maintenance needs but Brennan and other Boeing executives said the Super Hornet costs less to operate than any other tactical aircraft in the U.S. military. Maintenance workers service a U.S. Navy Super Hornet. (CBC News/Murray Brewster) Even so, there will be extra costs for the RCAF — an important point because the Trudeau government promised to properly fund the air force, something that did not happen under the previous Conservative government. One of the pressing questions on the minds of Canadian defence officials is so-called interoperability with allies, mostly the Americans. The U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Marine Corps and eventually the U.S,. Navy will all fly the advanced F-35 stealth fighter. So will many of Canada's other allies. Data sharing Many of the concerns relate to the ability of the F-35 to share electronic data and surveillance with older designs, such as the Super Hornet, said former Canadian chief of defence staff, retired general Tom Lawson. "New aircraft like the F-35 come furnished with some residual ability to be interoperable with legacy aircraft such as the F-18 and other older fighters — a responsibility the designers of new systems share with those who maintain and upgrade older systems," said Lawson, a longtime supporter of the stealth fighter purchase who used to work for F-35 maker Lockheed Martin. Equipment and software upgrades will be crucial for the jets to maintain "as much relevancy as possible," he said. The issue of data sharing is crucial for the modern battlefield, said Ricardo Traven, a former Canadian fighter pilot, now working for Boeing. A U.S. Navy flight line technician prepares a Super Hornet for flight. The Super Hornet does have the ability to receive certain data and target imaging from the F-35 and the F-22 Raptor, but there is need for improvement. Traven placed the onus on Lockheed Martin to ensure better protocols are developed, not only for other aircraft but for communication with ships and ground troops. "It's always like trying to start a monopoly by saying: 'OK, the only way to communicate with us is if you are one of us,'" said Traven. "The reality is, the whole world isn't going to be one of them." Traven says they're going to have to use common protocols with the rest of the world "or they're not going to be communicating with anyone." Liberals to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighter jets Conservatives cut military flying time in 2014 Boyle said the U.S. Navy is also seized with the issue and has been pushing the Pentagon to ensure there is a solution because the Super Hornet is slated to keep operating with the navy, alongside the F-35, until at least 2040. Tainted fighter debate The previous Conservative government, under Stephen Harper, said the F-35 was the "best" choice to defend the country's sovereignty and fight in overseas missions. The Liberals disagreed, and during the last federal election campaign promised to buy a "cheaper" aircraft and plow the savings back into rebuilding the navy — a plan Harper described as "living in a dream world." The recent decision to wait until the early 2020s to fully replace the current fleet of CF-18s and to sole-source the purchase of up to 18 Super Hornets in the interim almost certainly means there will be no savings. Proponents of the F-35 have argued the fighter is a generational leap forward in terms of technology and the ability to operate seamlessly with Canada's allies, and provides added protection because its stealth technology makes it less visible on enemy radar than so-called legacy fighters, such as the Super Hornet. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Calls for tolerance at Montreal funeral for men killed in Quebec City mosque attack read comments video Nick Kouvalis, controversial campaign manager for Kellie Leitch, resigns Montreal mosque egged, window smashed video Researchers confirm existence of 'lost continent' Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group amid immigration ban backlash Must Watch Video The role of the first lady 7:03 Author Lauren Wright discusses Melania Trump and the role of first ladies. Video Trump's tense phone call with Australian PM over refugee deal 6:03 'It's a very odd place for any ally to find themselves in,' says University of Calgary political science professor Anthony Sayers. Latest Politics News Headlines Nick Kouvalis, controversial campaign manager for Kellie Leitch, resigns Irving Shipbuilding consults with Ottawa on frigate design delay New Canadians to pledge honour for Indigenous treaties in revised citizenship oath video Kevin O'Leary pulls gun range video 'out of respect' for shooting victims' funeral MPs look for ways to fight 'fake news' in wake of mosque shooting Most Viewed Kevin O'Leary pulls gun range video 'out of respect' for shooting victims' funeral Nick Kouvalis, controversial campaign manager for Kellie Leitch, resigns New Canadians to pledge honour for Indigenous treaties in revised citizenship oath Irving Shipbuilding consults with Ottawa on frigate design delay Opposition accuses Trudeau of 'betrayal' as Liberals abandon promise of electoral reform read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Analysis Trump takes charge: How NAFTA renegotiations might unfold Fake news Google and Facebook working to bring new tools to Canada Timeline A chronological history of controversial Keystone XL pipeline project SOCIAL MEDIA Canada Revenue Agency monitoring Facebook, Twitter posts of some Canadians CBC Investigates 'Tax haven' Canada being used by offshore cheats, Panama Papers show Analysis French a major advantage for Conservative leadership contenders EMAIL Get our daily CBC Politics newsletter Feature 5 Trump cabinet members Canada will come to know best, and their Canadian counterparts Obama's legacy Obama wanted to improve U.S. image abroad. What went wrong? MARKETING CANADA Dairy farmers replace 'way too cute' cartoon cow in logo redesign KEPT IN THE DARK The story behind the kidnapping of John Ridsdel and Robert Hall CBC Investigates ​CBC adopts SecureDrop to allow for anonymous leaks Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices This CEO Made $278 Million. Andrew Left Wants to Take Him Down. Bloomberg Sridhar Natarajan, Anders Melin and Oliver Renick 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 19 people who were far richer than today's wealthiest An anti-Trump movement is boycotting these 33 retailers Full screen 1/3 SLIDES © Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg 2/3 SLIDES © Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg 3/3 SLIDES © Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg c 3/3 SLIDES Andrew Left sure knows how to pick a fight. Quotes in the article TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▲ 221.77 +2.09 +0.95% Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc VRX ▲ 14.31 +0.58 +4.22% Boeing Co BA ▼ 162.26 -1.71 -1.04% Lockheed Martin Corp LMT ▲ 251.97 +1.07 +0.43% AdChoices A little more than a year after his improbable takedown of Wall Street darling Valeant Pharmaceuticals, the blustery short seller is at it again. And the head of Citron Research is using the same blueprint as he sets his sights on TransDigm and its founder and Chief Executive Officer Nicholas Howley. To hear Left tell it, TransDigm is another Valeant waiting to happen. He alleges the same price-gouging and debt-fueled financial engineering to explain how the aircraft-parts supplier delivered Valeant-like stock returns exceeding 1,500 percent in the past decade -- and made Howley one of America’s best-paid executives. In the past five years alone, he took home $278 million. At Boeing, a company 30 times the size, CEO pay was less than half that. “There’s a thin line between brilliant and being crazy,” Left told Bloomberg. “While it works, you’re brilliant, but when it fails, you’re irresponsible.” The accusations rankled long-time investors and were met by howls on Wall Street for being inflammatory, flawed or inaccurate. Greg Rufus, who was TransDigm’s CFO for 15 years and was one of the chief architects of its growth, also strongly disputed Left’s assertions. Both Howley and the Cleveland-based company declined repeated requests for comment. “If the guy was here, I’d read him the riot act,” said Rufus, who retired in September. “This company is nothing like Valeant.” Still, some aren’t taking any chances. Since Citron published its report on Jan. 20, shares of TransDigm have slumped 13 percent, prompting it to delay a loan refinancing deal. And as President Donald Trump squeezes defense contractors like Lockheed Martin and Boeing, Left foresees an even bigger comedown. Conflicting Opinions TransDigm hasn’t been accused of wrongdoing by regulators and few on Wall Street agree with Left. (He sees TransDigm, which last traded at $219.68 a share on Wednesday, falling to $166 and possibly lower. Analysts say the stock should be closer to $300 in the next 12 months.) But if nothing else, Left’s public campaign has raised thorny questions about the aggressive business and pay practices of a company that even its media-shy CEO said was one of the biggest that “no one ever heard of.” By almost any measure, TransDigm has been a big success since the 64-year-old Howley, a mechanical engineer and Harvard Business School grad, started the company with a former colleague two decades ago. Since going public in 2006, Howley has completed roughly 30 deals, most of them debt-financed, and turned his initial $50 million investment into a company with $11.6 billion in market capitalization. His business model, which reflects a private-equity ethos of its former owner Warburg Pincus, relies on repeatedly acquiring key, hard-to-manufacture aerospace parts and then raising their prices -- much like Valeant did with drugs. For example, after TransDigm bought Aerosonic in 2013, it quadrupled the price of its vibration panels to $271 from $67.33, according to trade publication Capitol Forum, which provides analysis on government contracts. That kind of pricing power has pushed TransDigm’s gross margins above 50 percent in every quarter since becoming a publicly traded company, data compiled by Bloomberg show. It’s also helped shareholders reap returns averaging almost 30 percent a year. “Their margin structure is the best in the industry and has been since the beginning,” said Ted Scalise, a money manager at TIAA Investments, which is among TransDigm’s top 20 shareholders. “If you write down a list of everything you’d use to evaluate management, it’s all been strong.” Left sees that as a red flag and says the price increases mask a lack of growth and a burgeoning debt load, which now exceeds $10 billion. “The stock has done well but it has not grown based on organic growth, it’s based on acquisitions,” he said. The risk is that “one day, like everything else, you run out of things to buy and prices to raise.” TransDigm’s aggressive expansion can be directly explained by an equally aggressive, if uncommon, pay structure. Howley and his lieutenants receive the bulk of their pay in stock options that vest only if the company succeeds in increasing its intrinsic share price -- an internal measure derived from pro-forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, minus net debt -- by at least 10 percent a year. It differs from most other public companies, which have largely scaled back options and tend to use a variety of financial metrics. Pay Incentives And in some ways, it echoes the pay program of former Valeant CEO Michael Pearson, who was mainly compensated with restricted stock tied to ambitious shareholder return targets. Pearson oversaw Valeant’s meteoric rise before probes into its business practices, accounting and drug pricing caused its stock to plummet more than 90 percent. Valeant says it has been fully cooperating with authorities throughout the investigation and “intends to uphold the highest standards of ethical conduct.” TransDigm’s compensation also resembles the rewards packages granted by consumer-brands company Jarden Corp. In 2014, it promised executives big restricted-share payouts if per-share earnings rose above levels so ambitious that even the company called them “improbable.” The awards paid out in full when Jarden was acquired by Newell Brands in 2016. “It’s a great story to tell shareholders that basically all of your compensation is performance-driven,” said Steven Hall Jr., an executive-compensation consultant at Steven Hall & Partners. Still, “how do you balance an aggressive growth strategy with not incentivizing either excessive risk-taking or actions that are detrimental to the company? There’s no easy answer.” TransDigm itself says its metrics are consistent with those of high-performing private equity firms. From the start of its 2013 fiscal year, the company has heaped $4.6 billion of dividends to shareholders, including top executives. CEO Windfall About $83 million of Howley’s windfall came from such payouts. The remainder consisted of salary and bonuses, proceeds from option exercises and share sales, and the value of perks. In all, Howley took home almost twice as much as the nearest top-earning CEO among TransDigm’s compensation peers who have served at least five years, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That might seem outlandish for any CEO, especially for one who is, by all accounts, frugal in just about every other way. Other than an occasional scotch and cigar, colleagues say Howley has few indulgences. Most days, he brings in a packed lunch from home. For most shareholders, Howley’s been worth it. Even after the recent tumble, the stock has more than tripled in the past five years, including dividends. “Who cares if he’s paid a lot,” said Umberto Fedeli, chairman of the Fedeli Group, an insurance company based in Independence, Ohio, and a long-time associate of Howley’s. “We do live in a capitalistic society and if you perform well and do well, you get paid.” TransDigm’s debt burden still means Howley doesn’t have much room for missteps. In its fiscal year ended September, leverage reached the highest since 2004, suggesting its Ebitda growth didn’t keep pace with its debt. Some of its obligations are now rated as low as CCC+ by S&P -- a level that reflects a company’s vulnerability to default. Rising interest rates will only make things more difficult, according to hedge fund Riposte Capital, which exited its TransDigm position, according to a Jan. 26 investor letter. Left, for his part, offers naysayers a cautionary note. “You’re playing a dangerous game,” Left said. Right now, “Howley is the most respected name in the aerospace industry. At one point, Michael Pearson was the smartest man in the pharmaceutical industry.” (Updates with closing share price in eighth paragraph.) --With assistance from Joshua Fineman and Jared S. Hopkins To contact the reporters on this story: Sridhar Natarajan in New York at snatarajan15@bloomberg.net, Anders Melin in New York at amelin3@bloomberg.net, Oliver Renick in New York at orenick2@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Nikolaj Gammeltoft at ngammeltoft@bloomberg.net, Brandon Kochkodin at bkochkodin@bloomberg.net, Arie Shapira at ashapira3@bloomberg.net, Michael Tsang ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: valeant | short seller | ceos | america The Short Seller Who Crushed Valeant Has Picked His Next Target (Getty) Wednesday, 01 Feb 2017 09:35 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Andrew Left sure knows how to pick a fight. A little more than a year after his improbable takedown of Wall Street darling Valeant Pharmaceuticals, the blustery short seller is at it again. And the head of Citron Research is using the same blueprint as he sets his sights on TransDigm and its founder and Chief Executive Officer Nicholas Howley. To hear Left tell it, TransDigm is another Valeant waiting to happen. He alleges the same price-gouging and debt-fueled financial engineering to explain how the aircraft-parts supplier delivered Valeant-like stock returns exceeding 1,500 percent in the past decade -- and made Howley one of America’s best-paid executives. In the past five years alone, he took home $278 million. At Boeing, a company 30 times the size, CEO pay was less than half that. “There’s a thin line between brilliant and being crazy,” Left told Bloomberg. “While it works, you’re brilliant, but when it fails, you’re irresponsible.” The accusations rankled long-time investors and were met by howls on Wall Street for being inflammatory, flawed or inaccurate. Greg Rufus, who was TransDigm’s CFO for 15 years and was one of the chief architects of its growth, also strongly disputed Left’s assertions. Both Howley and the Cleveland-based company declined repeated requests for comment. “If the guy was here, I’d read him the riot act,” said Rufus, who retired in September. “This company is nothing like Valeant.” Still, some aren’t taking any chances. Since Citron published its report on Jan. 20, shares of TransDigm have slumped 13 percent, prompting it to delay a loan refinancing deal. And as President Donald Trump squeezes defense contractors like Lockheed Martin and Boeing, Left foresees an even bigger comedown. Conflicting Opinions TransDigm hasn’t been accused of wrongdoing by regulators and few on Wall Street agree with Left. (He sees TransDigm, which last traded at $219.68 a share on Wednesday, falling to $166 and possibly lower. Analysts say the stock should be closer to $300 in the next 12 months.) But if nothing else, Left’s public campaign has raised thorny questions about the aggressive business and pay practices of a company that even its media-shy CEO said was one of the biggest that “no one ever heard of.” By almost any measure, TransDigm has been a big success since the 64-year-old Howley, a mechanical engineer and Harvard Business School grad, started the company with a former colleague two decades ago. Since going public in 2006, Howley has completed roughly 30 deals, most of them debt-financed, and turned his initial $50 million investment into a company with $11.6 billion in market capitalization. His business model, which reflects a private-equity ethos of its former owner Warburg Pincus, relies on repeatedly acquiring key, hard-to-manufacture aerospace parts and then raising their prices -- much like Valeant did with drugs. For example, after TransDigm bought Aerosonic in 2013, it quadrupled the price of its vibration panels to $271 from $67.33, according to trade publication Capitol Forum, which provides analysis on government contracts. That kind of pricing power has pushed TransDigm’s gross margins above 50 percent in every quarter since becoming a publicly traded company, data compiled by Bloomberg show. It’s also helped shareholders reap returns averaging almost 30 percent a year. “Their margin structure is the best in the industry and has been since the beginning,” said Ted Scalise, a money manager at TIAA Investments, which is among TransDigm’s top 20 shareholders. “If you write down a list of everything you’d use to evaluate management, it’s all been strong.” Left sees that as a red flag and says the price increases mask a lack of growth and a burgeoning debt load, which now exceeds $10 billion. “The stock has done well but it has not grown based on organic growth, it’s based on acquisitions,” he said. The risk is that “one day, like everything else, you run out of things to buy and prices to raise.” TransDigm’s aggressive expansion can be directly explained by an equally aggressive, if uncommon, pay structure. Howley and his lieutenants receive the bulk of their pay in stock options that vest only if the company succeeds in increasing its intrinsic share price -- an internal measure derived from pro-forma earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, minus net debt -- by at least 10 percent a year. It differs from most other public companies, which have largely scaled back options and tend to use a variety of financial metrics. Pay Incentives And in some ways, it echoes the pay program of former Valeant CEO Michael Pearson, who was mainly compensated with restricted stock tied to ambitious shareholder return targets. Pearson oversaw Valeant’s meteoric rise before probes into its business practices, accounting and drug pricing caused its stock to plummet more than 90 percent. Valeant says it has been fully cooperating with authorities throughout the investigation and “intends to uphold the highest standards of ethical conduct.” TransDigm’s compensation also resembles the rewards packages granted by consumer-brands company Jarden Corp. In 2014, it promised executives big restricted-share payouts if per-share earnings rose above levels so ambitious that even the company called them “improbable.” The awards paid out in full when Jarden was acquired by Newell Brands in 2016. “It’s a great story to tell shareholders that basically all of your compensation is performance-driven,” said Steven Hall Jr., an executive-compensation consultant at Steven Hall & Partners. Still, “how do you balance an aggressive growth strategy with not incentivizing either excessive risk-taking or actions that are detrimental to the company? There’s no easy answer.” TransDigm itself says its metrics are consistent with those of high-performing private equity firms. From the start of its 2013 fiscal year, the company has heaped $4.6 billion of dividends to shareholders, including top executives. CEO Windfall About $83 million of Howley’s windfall came from such payouts. The remainder consisted of salary and bonuses, proceeds from option exercises and share sales, and the value of perks. In all, Howley took home almost twice as much as the nearest top-earning CEO among TransDigm’s compensation peers who have served at least five years, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That might seem outlandish for any CEO, especially for one who is, by all accounts, frugal in just about every other way. Other than an occasional scotch and cigar, colleagues say Howley has few indulgences. Most days, he brings in a packed lunch from home. For most shareholders, Howley’s been worth it. Even after the recent tumble, the stock has more than tripled in the past five years, including dividends. “Who cares if he’s paid a lot,” said Umberto Fedeli, chairman of the Fedeli Group, an insurance company based in Independence, Ohio, and a long-time associate of Howley’s. “We do live in a capitalistic society and if you perform well and do well, you get paid.” TransDigm’s debt burden still means Howley doesn’t have much room for missteps. In its fiscal year ended September, leverage reached the highest since 2004, suggesting its Ebitda growth didn’t keep pace with its debt. Some of its obligations are now rated as low as CCC+ by S&P -- a level that reflects a company’s vulnerability to default. Rising interest rates will only make things more difficult, according to hedge fund Riposte Capital, which exited its TransDigm position, according to a Jan. 26 investor letter. Left, for his part, offers naysayers a cautionary note. “You’re playing a dangerous game,” Left said. Right now, “Howley is the most respected name in the aerospace industry. At one point, Michael Pearson was the smartest man in the pharmaceutical industry.”   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Andrew Left sure knows how to pick a fight.A little more than a year after his improbable takedown of Wall Street darling Valeant Pharmaceuticals, the blustery short seller is at it again. And the head of Citron Research is using the same blueprint as he sets his sights on... valeant, short seller, ceos, america 1258 Wednesday, 01 Feb 2017 09:35 PM 2017-35-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
RSS | Free Trial Home | Advertise | Classifieds | About | Contact Subscribe Sign In The Wahkiakum County Eagle - Established as The Skamokawa Eagle in 1891   Reader Comments (0)  Print     Home News Obituaries Wahkiakum People Opinion Sports Sheriffs Report Advertise Photos Classifieds Browse Ads Place An Ad   By Jessica Vik  Robotic Club gets a look into the business world   February 2, 2017 Matt Nichols gave a tour of the boat yard. Photo by Jessica Vik. The Wahkiakum 4-H Robotics Club had a neat opportunity to visit Nichols Brother's Boat Builders on January 20. Our county commissioner, Mike Backman, set up the tour. Each of the kids were welcomed into the office of Matt Nichols (the executive vice president) with a hand shake and introduction. Matt is a 3rd generation boat builder. His grandfather started the business at this same location in Freeland, WA on Whidbey Island. When they bought the property it was an old run down saw mill and the waters were polluted. His family has done much work over the years to clean up the pollution resulting in the natural habitat flourishing once again. Nichols Brother's built our new ferry, The Oscar B. They have about seven projects going right now and employ around 500 people. A three year apprenticeship program can be taken through their company if you are interested in becoming a boat builder. It is a very noisy job as we found out walking through the boat yard. The kids were amazed at how far up one had to look to see the top of the vessel. One student put it this way, "It gave me the feeling of awe." Matt encouraged the kids to ask lots of questions and they came up with some really great ones: "Are the crawlers ran by RC?," "What does VAC tested mean?," "What was your hardest boat to build?," and the question of the day was "Did you build the Titanic?" Matt had a gracious answer, "No, but if I did, it wouldn't have sunk!" We also learned they built the fastest boat in our Navy, "The Sea Fighter" stationed in Florida. We stayed over one night in Everett next to the Boeing airfield. The next day the Robotics Club went to the Future of Flight Aviation Center and took a tour of Boeing. They were able to see airplanes in production. The tour guide told the kids to pay attention in math and science if they are interested in working with airplanes. We also learned that working in a hardware store is a good first job into the industry. There you put measuring and math skills into action. In the afternoon the kids got to see where some of the education takes place for plane building. Everett Community College's Advanced Manufacturing Training and Education Center (AMTEC) works with Boeing to train their employees in specific areas. Annette Floyd, who helped create this program, gave us a tour of their school. A material handling robot and a robotic welder were among the neat equipment seen. The robots are operated by a "teach pendant," a hand held computer programmer with many built-in safety features. One student, Bryson, showed the kids his computer plans for building Obi-Wan Kenobi's light saber handle and the material he will make it out of. He didn't have any trouble keeping their attention as Star Wars was popular with our group. AMTEC specializes in precision machining, composites, CAD, welding and fabrication, aviation maintenance, and mechatronics (technology combining electronics and mechanical engineering.) This hands-on college can get you a job as an electrical and instrument mechanic, control technician, repair technician, robotic technician, automation technician, or technology support specialist. At the end of the trip, each of the kids said what they liked best and something they learned. Every one liked seeing the airplanes and boats but some specifics that stood out were: Wyatt "realizing about physics," Camille "learning how much a set of airplane wheels cost, $9 million," Julianne "having this opportunity to see things not every kid gets to see," Heidi "amazed at all the switches on the airplanes," Chuckie "I liked our Boeing tour guides mutton chops. I need to grow a pair of them," and he got a supporting cheer from his team mates! Thank you again to our many sponsors: Cathlamet Building Materials, Ohrberg Excavation, Moore Auto and Marine, Farmers Insurance, Backman's Fish, The Video Store, and Cathlamet Dental. Your sponsorship is very appreciated. Also a special thanks to the National 4-H Council for funding this fun and educational field trip. MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed Change comes to Westend... Diana Zimmerman Chinese New Year celebr... Trudy Fredrickson State's poet laureate v... Diana Zimmerman It's chaos at the top w... Rick Nelson Writer concerned about ... MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted You might be interested in: Latest ECEAP outcomes report recently announced Crab & oyster feed Saturday in Rosburg Personal shopper available Pacific County shoreline program up for state review Valentine dinner will be at Grange Saturday   Reader Comments (0) Add your comment       The Wahkiakum County Eagle | P.O. Box 368, Cathlamet, WA 98612 Ph: (360) 795-3391 | www.waheagle.com Content and information copyright 2017 The Wahkiakum County Eagle Inc. Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap | Privacy | Terms of Use | Submit Content | Mobile Browser Rendered 02/01/2017 18:11

Friday, February 3, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Military Southern Nevada bikers...     Posted February 2, 2017 - 6:15pmUpdated February 3, 2017 - 12:10am Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. (Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto) Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Royal Air Force Wing Commander Billy Cooper gives an interview at Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-15C Eagle from Nellis Air Force Base lands at the base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An RC-135V Rivet Joint taxis to a runway at Nellis Air Force Base on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-22 Raptor takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An aggressor F-16C Fighting Falcon takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An EA-18G Growler takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Three Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoons take off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto By KEITH ROGERS LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL While controversy trails the F-35A Lightning II fighter whenever it flies these days, only contrails were visible Thursday as the cutting-edge stealth jet made one of its first appearances in the ongoing Red Flag air combat exercise at Nellis Air Force Base. Since the year’s first Red Flag began Jan. 23, the F-35A — the Air Force version of the $100 million joint strike fighter — has been flying for the first time in tandem with the nation’s other stealth air-superiority jet, the F-22 Raptor, and more than 80 other warplanes and support aircraft from the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. So far, the Lightning II has racked up 110 missions in the exercise that ends Feb. 10 over the sprawling Nevada Test and Training Range, north of the Las Vegas Valley. The F-35 has been in the limelight since December, when then-President-elect Donald Trump criticized the cost of the Lockheed Martin aircraft as “out of control” in a series of tweets and said he had asked rival Boeing to “price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet” that could perform the same mission. Eight F-18 Hornets also were participating in Red Flag. Before his squadron departed for Thursday’s war exercise, Lt. Col. George “Banzai” Watkins, commander of the F-35As from the 34th Fighter Squadron, declined to compare “apples and oranges” of the radar-evading joint strike fighters with the Navy’s non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet. But Watkins said the F-35 “has been living up to what it’s expected to do,” in the exercise. Red Flag planners made sure that the 13 F-35s from Hill Air Force Base in Utah have had more aggressor jets than ever to counter and avoid simulated advanced missile strikes. Meanwhile the F-35s on the friendly “blue team” have been successful in finding ground-based air defense sites with their high-tech sensors and taking them out with training bombs.   As of Thursday the F-35’s kill ratio with aggressor jets stood at 15-1, even though the F-35’s primary mission isn’t air-to-air combat, which typically is left up to the Raptor. Watkins said he’s “never seen a Red Flag like this where they’ve put up as many advanced threats against us. If we didn’t suffer a few losses, it wouldn’t be challenging enough.” Members of Congress who hold the Pentagon’s purse strings have been paying close attention to the debate over the cost of the F-35. The unit price of roughly $100 million apiece is expected to decrease to the $90 million range as more of the estimated 150 joint strike fighters are produced for the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Navy and allies. Rep. Jacky Rosen, D-Nevada, a new member of the House Armed Services Committee, said she has an open mind on the president’s approach to reviewing the nation’s most expensive weapons system. “The president and secretary of defense’s focus on tackling the cost of the F-35 is absolutely right,” she said in an email via her spokesman. “Costs are coming down, but I believe there are additional avenues available to continue to reduce what we’re paying for these aircraft.” Watkins said the F-35A’s debut has demonstrated that the nation’s newest stealth jet provides an essential complement to the F-22s. “They’re designed for air-to-air. We’re designed for the suppression of enemy air defense positions,” he said. “We can see the ground through the weather with our SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) mapping radar to detect a threat and take it out before it’s a factor to the other aircraft out there.” The Marine version — the F-35B — was the first joint strike fighter to fly in a Red Flag at Nellis, in July last year. Contact Keith Rogers at krogers@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0308. Follow @KeithRogers2 on Twitter. Southern Nevada bikers...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular 10 key questions answered about proposed Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Psychologist booked on murder charge at Henderson jail in wife’s death 2 arrested in death of Las Vegas man found burned, dismembered 20 vehicles collide accordion-style on highway from Las Vegas into Arizona Man with face tattoos named ‘Pirate’ indicted in Las Vegas on sexual assault charge Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Neil Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court offers peril for both Republicans and Democrats   Victor Joecks PERS uses your money to keep you from finding out how it’s spending your money   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump should undo Barack Obama’s appointment of Ben Rhodes to the Holocaust Memorial Council   Jane Ann Morrison Lawmakers’ lobbyist-funded largesse comes to a halt at Nevada Legislature   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR FRI 3 SAT 4 SUN 5 MON 6 TUE 7 WED 8 THU 9 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, February 03, 2017, 3:08 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar By MAE ANDERSON THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This article was published today at 1:58 a.m. PHOTO BY AP FILE PHOTO In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Comments aAFont Size NEW YORK -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon -- and possibly faster delivery and lower prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new warehouses and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves come as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries -- and 63 percent of those in December -- were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" -- at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, Chief Executive Officer of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Business on 02/03/2017 Print Headline: Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Trump wants new job-market gauge 4Q productivity gain a tepid 1.3% Murphy USA's 4Q net falls off Sony quarterly profit down by 84% Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sa... OPEC's oil production cuts about 60% of way t... U.K. company bids for Enfamil maker Review ordered in Target breach deal Stocks tread water amid unease More Business stories > Comments on: Shipping next to-do on Amazon wish list as sales, profits soar To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Know when to hold 'em (45 comments) VIDEO: At breakfast, Trump seeks prayers for Schwarzenegger over 'Apprentice' ratings (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Land of the scaredy-cats (77 comments) 100 riled, cite curbs on access to U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton (32 comments) After revenue report, Arkansas governor tells agencies to brace for possible cuts (9 comments) Police: Father arrested after baby taken to Little Rock hospital with life-threatening injuries (11 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 01:02 PM | 03 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,174-52.79 NIFTY 50 8,719-15.25 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,968-13.00 USD/INR 67.36-0.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 cautious; Sun TV rallies 20%, Cipla 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Lockheed says didn't seek help from Donald Trump's ex-campaign manager By Reuters | Updated: Feb 03, 2017, 10.54 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Lockheed Trump | Lockheed | James Mattis | Donald Trump The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Budget 2017: Budget 2017 is out: Read how it impacts you and India Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, US Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Uber to suspend its service in Taiwan from Feb 10 Scooter's back, with new hero on road READ MORE ON » Lockheed Trump | Lockheed | James Mattis | Donald Trump To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here are the highlights of Union Budget 2017 Kuwait bans visa for 5 Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan US, China may fight a war over South China Sea: Top Donald Trump aide Assessees can heave a sigh of relief! Draconian powers gone, there’s no flashback to 1961 View: India's Budget misses opportunity to focus on jobs More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget Live|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman February 2, 2017 Associated Press KEYWORDS Package Delivery / Shipping / Amazon.com / Transportation, Distribution & Logistics / Distribution & Logistics Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Amazon's already-large distribution empire keeps expanding Amazon raises online retail bar with same-day delivery Amazon rolls out same-day delivery in Indy, 13 other cities Amazon adding 120,000 workers to meet holiday demand Amazon taps merchants for warehouse space to expand inventory Related Products It's All About the Race Punky's Adventure Largest Indianapolis-Area Minority-Owned Businesses - Excel Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. This week's announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon—and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent, to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent, to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. Next step On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati and about 120 miles from Indianapolis. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-commerce explosion If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries—and 63 percent of those in December—were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. The rub It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities"—at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Associated Press Kite Realty just misses quarterly expectations State GOP leaders ready to make another run at Sunday sales Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Hospital systems fight for pre-eminence in transplant field Job training tax credits gain steam in Legislature Speaker firm Klipsch rocking again after losing its beat Most Read Comments Most Emailed 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm Longtime news anchor departing WTHR Music venue The Warehouse in Carmel abruptly closes Marsh grocery chain owes more than $200,000 in unpaid bills Indy Eleven name investors for MLS bid, identify stadium site Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
14°FFairFull Forecast Subscribe to Daily Chronicle News News Home Local Crime and Courts Get Newsletter Get App State Town News and Info Nation and World Government Police Reports Marketplace Local Business Corrections Text Alerts Sports Sports Home DC Preps NIU Huskies HuskieWire podcast Get App Bears Text Alerts Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Other Sports Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features Features Home Get App A&E Food Health Lifestyle Neighbors Scene TV Listings Community Opinion Opinion Home Our View Letters to the Editor National Columnists Local Columnists Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Anniversary Announcements Another Year Older Birth Announcements Birthday announcements Death Notice Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Prairie Flowers Press Releases Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Archive Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Us Coupons Deals E-Edition Follow Us Photo Lists Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Public Notices Register Subscribe Subscriber Services The MidWeek Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Valley Life Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Huskie Wire Features Opinion Obits Video Text Alerts Newsletter Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Published: Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 11:42 p.m. CST Caption(Ted S. Warren) FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon's announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) By MAE ANDERSON The Associated Press NEW YORK – Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon – and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it also could pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. Next step On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-commerce explosion If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries – and 63 percent of those in December – were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. The rub It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" – at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Daily Chronicle. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More News Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliverymanFeb. 2, 2017 - 11:43 pm How to Prevent Germs from Spreading This Cold and Flu SeasonFeb. 2, 2017 - 10:24 am 7 Great Destinations in Northern Illinois for Valentine’s Day DinnerFeb. 2, 2017 - 10:00 am U.S. unemployment claims slide by 14,000 to 246,000Feb. 2, 2017 - 8:20 am Annual ‘Predict the Oscars’ contest returning to Cinema 7Feb. 2, 2017 - 5:30 am How Trump's immigration order could hurt the U.S. economyFeb. 1, 2017 - 12:30 pm Comments Reader Poll What's your favorite winter recreational activity? Sledding Skiing Ice fishing Ice skating Other    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Daily Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in DeKalb, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire engulfs barn in north Clark County 7 apply to fill seat of retiring Judge Swanger Portland man in court in alleged robbery Money argument root of shooting, police pursuit Vancouver man’s bail set at $150,000 in crash case Tree whipped by winds clips house, topples into driveway Clark County districts seek support during Valentine’s Day special election Police respond to stabbing in Fruit Valley neighborhood Winter storm watch canceled for Clark County Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Vancouver police say they might have your missing camera Did your digital camera go missing after a vehicle break-in or burglary? Did you use it to photograph a 2008… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Williams-Goss scores 33 as No. 1 Gonzaga gets past BYU Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State High school scoreboard 2/3 Girls basketball: Washougal 53, Columbia River 30 Girls basketball: Mark Morris 55, Hockinson 52 Boys basketball: King’s Way Christian 52, Castle Rock 48 Girls basketball: Mountain View 45, Fort Vancouver 27 Boys basketball: Stevenson 88, White Salmon 57 Girls basketball: King’s Way Christian 51, Castle Rock 34 Boys basketball: Firm Foundation 61, WSD 35 Former Camas standout Hennessey transfers to Central Washington Former standout Camas High School quarterback Reilly Hennessey is transferring to Central Washington University. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Uber CEO leaves Trump council after criticism Enfamil maker in talks to be sold for $16.7B WSU Vancouver panel to talk launching products Grand opening of housing development set for Feb. 11 Nominations open for Clark County Green Awards Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Startup Weekend event canceled Merck profit soars on new drugs; CEO expects better Nordstrom: Returns policy hasn’t changed Stocks see little change as investors digest news Microsoft leads tech pushback against immigration order Microsoft is asking U.S. officials to grant exceptions for law-abiding, visa-holding workers and students from President Donald Trump’s immigration order,… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Hillary Clinton cheered at Broadway’s ‘In Transit’ musical Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Scientists find oldest human ancestor Digging into downsizing Mackerel, volcano answer some climate change questions Big stage awaits Battle Ground High School Rocks reveal the past Owls beautiful, fascinating and a way to control the rodents in the garden 2017 Color of the Year is ‘Shadow’ Splurge v. Save: Metallic accents for your home Plant purple in the garden for health flavor Dietary experts have long advised eating an array of colored vegetables, as each carries different nutrients. Many yellow and orange… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sanctuary Stance Smart Parker: Did Trump voters know they’d get President Bannon? Letter: Here’s when America was great Letter: Leftists hurt themselves Letter: Congress ignores our interests Letter: Bears in schools? Oh my! Letter: Support schools with time, money In Our View: Manufacturing Matters Camden: Democrats in state Senate need to work on addition Letter: Support kids through levies Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 29-Feb. 4 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News LSW Architects sort food at FISH of Vancouver Kids snowboard to overcome life’s challenges Genealogical Society gets grant to help digitize information Applause You Can Help Everybody Has a Story: A slice of modern family life Ridgefield students recite poetry for national competition Hough volunteers on garbage patrol clean up neighborhood Free Clinic receives grant for supplying medications to those in need Kaiser employees spend MLK Day of Service spread out Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Washington’s school funding: A patchwork of jerry-rigged fixes nets some districts extra cash By Claudia Rowe, The Seattle Times Published: February 2, 2017, 9:00 PM A   A From a distance, Washington’s education funding system appears to rest on one major pillar: All 295 districts get a baseline allocation of money from the state to pay for their teachers and other school employees. Seems simple. But upon closer examination, the system reveals a myriad special cases and quirky formulas — such that it resembles a patchwork of jerry-rigged fixes more than a uniform system. For instance, Olympia sets a basic schedule for teacher salaries. But 12 districts don’t have to play by those rules, and receive higher starting-pay allocations from Olympia than the other 283. At the top of the heap sits Everett, which has received 5 percent more state pay for its beginning teachers than anyplace else since the late 1970s. The reason for this “grandfathered” privilege is that Everett — at the time home to Boeing headquarters — had traditionally offered better pay, and when Washington’s Basic Education Act passed in 1977 that higher-salary status was essentially codified into law. Actually, there were nearly three times as many districts with similar privileges when the state’s basic-education law passed. Legislators have been chipping away at that group since 2006. Getting more money from the state to pay teachers does not mean Everett nets the most money per student, overall. (That distinction belongs to Seattle.) But it does mean Everett and the other 11 districts get a higher rate of teacher pay than others. Similar inconsistencies dog the local-levy system that allows school districts to collect extra money from homeowners to supplement their budgets. Back in the 1970s, lawmakers limited the extra funds to 10 percent of a district’s basic budget, in part to create fairness, preventing wealthier areas from offering Cadillac-style schooling while poorer districts might only scrape by. Yet, as with salaries, special allowances were made and the goal posts moved again and again. In 1987, the Legislature raised the levy cap to 20 percent. In 1999, it was hiked to 24 percent. In 2010, lawmakers pushed the rate cap still higher, to 28 percent. “Some might say that’s because it was an easier fix to raise the levy lid than do the heavy lift” of fully funding education, said Nate Olson, spokesman for the Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. Meanwhile, 90 districts — almost 30 percent of the entire state — were allowed to collect even more money because they’d long relied on local levies to cover their costs. Lawmakers agreed, though they promised that the special permission would be gone by 1982. Today, several of those “grandfathered” districts can collect nearly 40 percent more than what the state and federal government provide. Seattle and Mercer Island, for example, are allowed to collect an extra 37 percent. “The question that has to be asked is, how much is enough?” Olson said, pointing straight at the heart of the McCleary school-funding lawsuit now facing legislators in Olympia. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 15° Munster, IN (46321) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 27F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 15F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 2:35 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) AP Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer Feb 2, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Ted S. Warren FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Tags Wire Business Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Logistical And Moving Services Shipping Latest in section Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed More on this topic Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed Most Popular on nwi.com MonoSol to hire 60 for jobs that pay up to $27.93 an hour Travel ban bars Valpo woman's sister Police: Merrillville man fought with officers before squad crashed Police: 14-year-old Lake Station teen missing Man shot to death at his Gary home Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Movies The 25 most overrated films of all time +9 Entertainment Stars we've lost so far in 2017 +7 World News Photos: Electric-tape bikinis in Brazil Marleau scores 500th goal, surging Sharks down Canucks 4-1 Atlanta celebrities 'rise up' for Super Bowl-bound Falcons Warriors beat Clippers 133-120 for 9th straight win over LA Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State 71-70 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses TIKI SWEETS 1343 119TH STREET, WHITING, IN 46394 45th Street Tattoo 1817 West Glen Park Avenue, Griffith, IN 46319 Ads Lynn's Bedroom City MERRIVLLVILLE 1862 W 81st Ave, Merrillville, IN 46410 The Times Media Company 601 W. 45th Avenue, Munster, IN 46321 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Four Seasons Sunrooms Showroom Sunroom Displays 50% off while they last at Four Seasons Sunrooms! 219-736-8515 Updated 16 hrs ago Bednar Auction Service Bednar Auction Services- We specialize in working with all Real Estate Offices to get their properties sold. No matter what type of Real Estate you need to sell, Bednar Auction Services can get the job done for you! Updated 15 hrs ago Culligan Water of Lake County Call Culligan Water of Lake County For A Free, No Obligation Home Water Test! 219-769-6666 Updated 16 hrs ago Wahlberg Photography Studio Inc. While specializing in panoramic and school photography, Wahlberg Photography Studio Inc. customizes our services and products to meet your needs! Updated 16 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Good News Sports Videos Autos Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Reuters3 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike SegarMore (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Kuwait follows Trump's cue, imposes visa ban on citizens from five Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan International Business Times 7 Things Smart People Never Spend Money On H&R BlockSponsored Pakistan may be added to the list of countries whose citizens are barred from entering the US Catch News Watch: Local woman beaten mercilessly by village Sarpanch Ani India vs England 2016/17: Suresh Raina's six injures 6-year old boy during the T20 match in Bangalore Sportskeeda 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored You may have to pay more for rail journeys. Here's why India Today Karnataka shocker: Teenager bleeds to death after accident while onlookers take videos India Today Kanpur building collapse: 2 more bodies recovered, death toll reaches 8 Ani A Jaw-Dropping 21-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored Married Manveer Fooled Female Voters: Nitibha, Manu & Co React Spotboye "Miracle" Premature Baby Welcomed Home From Hospital With An Actual Parade Redbook Who Said What: World reacts as India win series 2-1 Sportskeeda The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Chennai oil spill: Removal of oil sludge continues for 6th consecutive day Ani How to tell if someone is having a stroke and help save their life Country Living Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 38° Share Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By Mae Anderson / Associated Press Published: Thursday, February 2nd, 2017 at 9:57pm Updated: Thursday, February 2nd, 2017 at 9:58pm FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon's announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Amazon isn’t content just being the “everything store.” Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon’s latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air.” The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Advertisement Continue reading Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It’s an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it’s just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. “It’s not a big surprise,” Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon’s Kentucky announcement. “By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days.” E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It’s no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. “It’s hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,” Roberson said. “Amazon is still not mature.” To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest “an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities” — at least double what it’s already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. “You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,” said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Most Recent Biz News Nation Suggested Stories: Hyundai replaces General Motors as NFL auto sponsor – Jun 29, 2015 Congress proposes giveaways to auto, trucking industries – Oct 21, 2015 California: Self-driving cars must have driver behind wheel – Dec 16, 2015 San Francisco battles epidemic of auto burglaries – Jun 13, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 49-55 We set you thinking Friday 3 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal 1486110617 World Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' 1486110685 World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used 1486111028 Business Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch 1486090664 Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group 1486088555 World Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians 1486110444 World Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' 1486109090 World Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees 1486108748 Business Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources 1486110367 Business Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions 1486108962 World China says resolutely opposes deployment of THAAD in South Korea 1486107223 World Pence to attend Munich Security Conference, organizers say 1486107146 World Pirates, cyclones and mud: Bangladesh's island solution to Rohingya crisis 1486107456 Business Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa 1486108364 World Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' 1486103262 World Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties 1486097096 Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships 1486108607 World Iranian refugee who sought asylum in Fiji deported back to PNG 1486105597 World Turkey to meet Syrian opposition, rebel groups in Ankara on Friday: sources 1486105536 Lifestyle Popstar chef Davide Oldani opens FOO’D in Singapore 1486106512 World Radiation level in Fukushima plant at record high 1486105260 World South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe 1486104855 World White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace 1486104754 Business GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax 1486082229 World Malaysia to document stateless Chinese in Sarawak with aim to grant citizenship 1486105002 World Too soon to tell how U.S. statement will affect settlements: Israeli official 1486101536 World South Korea prosecutor may ask acting president to allow Blue House search 1486102560 Business U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong 1486101909 Business U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies 1486102389 World U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources 1486085476 World Tense call between Trump and Australian leader strains longtime ties 1486085160 China&India Chinese Lunar New Year greeting by Donald Trump’s granddaughter sparks huge media interest 1486099380 World Exclusive: U.S. officials postpone interviews with asylum seekers held in Australian camps 1486100688 World Philippine miners say closures to hit 1.2 million people, vow to fight back 1486100973 World Australia's Tigerair abruptly quits Bali flights after Indonesia ruling 1486100764 World Life at Brazilian prison where ‘the state has lost control’ 1486100460 World North Korean defector sees 'crack in elite' in report of minister's dismissal 1486100150 Business Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy 1486099894 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' 1486097580 World Inner strength, not ‘anti-hysteria kit’, is antidote to evil spirits, Malaysian faith healer says 1486087320 China&India Why is Donald Trump giving Chinese leader Xi Jinping the apparent cold shoulder? 1486096260 World N Korea spy head dismissed: S Korea 1486096500 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager 1486095513 World Their new life in US was ready — then Trump signed his decree 1486095404 World Melania Trump, America’s low-profile first lady 1486095106 Business Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump 1486094247 World Trump hit with US$6m fine in golf club lawsuit 1486094515 World Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada 1486094509 World The long, arduous trek to find the American Dream 1486094201 World U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says 1486091600 Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:20 PM, February 3, 2017 Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players With new hybrid, Nissan offers cheaper route to electric cars White House says executive order does not apply to independent regulators Wells Fargo asset-based lending head resigns Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Waymo's self-driving cars improve performance in California tests Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won Wall Street stalls as market, Trump priorities diverge Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street falls the most this year as Trump honeymoon sours Wall Street ends flat after 2-day run; Dow stays above 20,000 Inside Today World U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Philippine leader scraps communist truce, tells troops 'be ready to fight' Russia says Ukraine violating Geneva convention, shelling civilians Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Britain says Russia is trying to undermine West by 'weaponizing misinformation' Business Sibanye may raise up to $1.3 billion in equity for Stillwater deal Battered Toshiba seeks exit from UK, India in nuclear retreat: sources Oil edges up on threat of U.S. issuing new Iran sanctions Ford upbeat on local sales despite safety recall in South Africa Trump's Indonesia business partner says can help with U.S. ties 'if needed' Sports Singapore women qualify for world floorball championships Softball association pays tribute to late softball coach Josephine Lim Gun clubs told to get rid of 70 weapons for security reasons Tay makes U-turn, rejoins S'pore Table Tennis Association Former Chelsea star Lampard retires at 38 Entertainment Musicians Guild hopes new conference will 'connect diverse community' Schwarzenegger to Trump: ‘Why don’t we switch jobs?’ Get up close to Chingay floats in Chinatown British singer Vera Lynn to release new album at 100 Gilles Peterson, Esperanza Spalding join Sing Jazz line-up About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Posted 03 Feb 2017 12:20 FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager ReutersFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike SegarMore (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp <LMT.N> did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's <BA.N> next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2814 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3993 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 151 messages4%68%28% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 217 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Frederick's of Hollywood Frederick's of HollywoodSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:31am EST Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's (BA.N) next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:31am EST Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager FILE PHOTO - Corey Lewandowski arrives at Trump Tower in New York, U.S., November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N) did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. Bloomberg reported on Thursday that Lockheed, the world's largest defense contractor, sought Lewandowski's help after an initial discussion on the issue between Trump and Lockheed's Marillyn Hewson didn't go well. "Lockheed has not retained Lewandowski, or his lobbying firm," spokesman William Phelps told Reuters. The problem erupted in December when Trump slammed the F-35 program for being too expensive and said he intends to keep pushing to cut the costs of military hardware. Trump also targeted Boeing with tweets for "out of control" costs on new Air Force One planes and sought cancellation of the order. Last month, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis ordered cost-cutting reviews of the F-35 fighter jet and Boeing's (BA.N) next-generation of the Air Force One presidential plane. In June, Trump fired Lewandowski, who had been overseeing the campaign's fundraising arm, over a dispute with other advisers. Lewandowski helped Trump win Republican presidential nominating contests. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru and Mike Stone in Washington; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Mae Anderson, AP Technology Writer Associated PressFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazon’s announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) More NEW YORK (AP) -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The iPhone 7’s missing headphone jack: The scandal that wasn’t BGR News I paid $3,000 for my MacBook Pro and got emotional whiplash Yahoo Finance The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Bus-sized asteroid will whiz by Earth today, coming closer than the Moon BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Feb 2, 10:33 PM EST Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman By MAE ANDERSON AP Technology Writer AP Photo/Ted S. Warren Latest News Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon beats 4Q profit forecasts Amazon picks Kentucky airport as site for air cargo hub Smaller states rejoice as Amazon finally collects sales tax Amazon moves to avoid EU fines over publishing contracts NEW YORK (AP) -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon - and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries - and 63 percent of those in December - were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" - at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Automotive Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Northwest Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Amazon increasingly looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman Published on February 2, 2017 9:00PM Last changed on February 3, 2017 12:33AM The Associated Press FILE - In this Thursday, Aug. 4, 2016, file photo, Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane on display in a Boeing hangar in Seattle. Amazons announcement on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017, of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is the latest way the e-commerce retailer is dipping its toe, or perhaps whole foot, into building out its shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move ultimately means lower costs for Amazon but it could eventually pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren, File) NEW YORK (AP)  Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon  and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries  and 63 percent of those in December  were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities"  at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Suspect in Washington homicide dead after Pendleton standoff ( 34108 ) Hermiston School District employee terminated for theft ( 19434 ) Hermiston 18-year-old faces attempted murder for Mother’s Day shootout ( 14179 ) Former Umatilla chamber director under indictment for theft ( 13967 ) Weather service advises more snow on the way ( 11515 ) Community rallies to care for sick cattle at Hermiston ranch ( 11333 ) FOOTBALL: Hermiston’s Ena signs with Western Oregon ( 168 ) Washington highway crash kills two local men ( 115 ) Winter storm warning predicts several more inches of snow ( 87 ) Tribal members petition against Carty expansion ( 39 ) FOOTBALL: Pendleton’s Corona signs with EOU ( 35 ) Death: Curtis A. Harju ( 27 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Friday, February 3, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Military Southern Nevada bikers...     Posted February 2, 2017 - 6:15pmUpdated February 3, 2017 - 12:10am Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. (Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto) Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Royal Air Force Wing Commander Billy Cooper gives an interview at Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-15C Eagle from Nellis Air Force Base lands at the base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An RC-135V Rivet Joint taxis to a runway at Nellis Air Force Base on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise A B-1B Lancer takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-22 Raptor takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An aggressor F-16C Fighting Falcon takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An EA-18G Growler takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise An F-35A Lightning II takes off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto Controversial F-35A warplane struts its stuff in Red Flag exercise Three Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoons take off from Nellis Air Force Base during Red Flag on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Las Vegas. Brett Le Blanc/Las Vegas Review-Journal Follow @bleblancphoto By KEITH ROGERS LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL While controversy trails the F-35A Lightning II fighter whenever it flies these days, only contrails were visible Thursday as the cutting-edge stealth jet made one of its first appearances in the ongoing Red Flag air combat exercise at Nellis Air Force Base. Since the year’s first Red Flag began Jan. 23, the F-35A — the Air Force version of the $100 million joint strike fighter — has been flying for the first time in tandem with the nation’s other stealth air-superiority jet, the F-22 Raptor, and more than 80 other warplanes and support aircraft from the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. So far, the Lightning II has racked up 110 missions in the exercise that ends Feb. 10 over the sprawling Nevada Test and Training Range, north of the Las Vegas Valley. The F-35 has been in the limelight since December, when then-President-elect Donald Trump criticized the cost of the Lockheed Martin aircraft as “out of control” in a series of tweets and said he had asked rival Boeing to “price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet” that could perform the same mission. Eight F-18 Hornets also were participating in Red Flag. Before his squadron departed for Thursday’s war exercise, Lt. Col. George “Banzai” Watkins, commander of the F-35As from the 34th Fighter Squadron, declined to compare “apples and oranges” of the radar-evading joint strike fighters with the Navy’s non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet. But Watkins said the F-35 “has been living up to what it’s expected to do,” in the exercise. Red Flag planners made sure that the 13 F-35s from Hill Air Force Base in Utah have had more aggressor jets than ever to counter and avoid simulated advanced missile strikes. Meanwhile the F-35s on the friendly “blue team” have been successful in finding ground-based air defense sites with their high-tech sensors and taking them out with training bombs.   As of Thursday the F-35’s kill ratio with aggressor jets stood at 15-1, even though the F-35’s primary mission isn’t air-to-air combat, which typically is left up to the Raptor. Watkins said he’s “never seen a Red Flag like this where they’ve put up as many advanced threats against us. If we didn’t suffer a few losses, it wouldn’t be challenging enough.” Members of Congress who hold the Pentagon’s purse strings have been paying close attention to the debate over the cost of the F-35. The unit price of roughly $100 million apiece is expected to decrease to the $90 million range as more of the estimated 150 joint strike fighters are produced for the Air Force, the Marine Corps, the Navy and allies. Rep. Jacky Rosen, D-Nevada, a new member of the House Armed Services Committee, said she has an open mind on the president’s approach to reviewing the nation’s most expensive weapons system. “The president and secretary of defense’s focus on tackling the cost of the F-35 is absolutely right,” she said in an email via her spokesman. “Costs are coming down, but I believe there are additional avenues available to continue to reduce what we’re paying for these aircraft.” Watkins said the F-35A’s debut has demonstrated that the nation’s newest stealth jet provides an essential complement to the F-22s. “They’re designed for air-to-air. We’re designed for the suppression of enemy air defense positions,” he said. “We can see the ground through the weather with our SAR (Synthetic Aperture Radar) mapping radar to detect a threat and take it out before it’s a factor to the other aircraft out there.” The Marine version — the F-35B — was the first joint strike fighter to fly in a Red Flag at Nellis, in July last year. Contact Keith Rogers at krogers@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-0308. Follow @KeithRogers2 on Twitter. Southern Nevada bikers...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular 10 key questions answered about proposed Raiders stadium in Las Vegas Psychologist booked on murder charge at Henderson jail in wife’s death 2 arrested in death of Las Vegas man found burned, dismembered 20 vehicles collide accordion-style on highway from Las Vegas into Arizona Man with face tattoos named ‘Pirate’ indicted in Las Vegas on sexual assault charge Columnists Features Steve Sebelius Neil Gorsuch nomination to Supreme Court offers peril for both Republicans and Democrats   Victor Joecks PERS uses your money to keep you from finding out how it’s spending your money   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump should undo Barack Obama’s appointment of Ben Rhodes to the Holocaust Memorial Council   Jane Ann Morrison Lawmakers’ lobbyist-funded largesse comes to a halt at Nevada Legislature   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR FRI 3 SAT 4 SUN 5 MON 6 TUE 7 WED 8 THU 9 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Aerospace & Defense | Fri Feb 3, 2017 | 1:29am EST GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax left right The General Electric logo is pictured on the General Electric offshore wind turbine plant in Montoir-de-Bretagne, near Saint-Nazaire, western France, November 21, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe 1/2 left right Boeing's logo is seen on its KC-46 Aerial refuelling operator's station demonstrator during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo 2/2 By David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. companies including major exporters General Electric Co (GE.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N) launched a coalition on Thursday to back a House Republican plan to tax all imports, saying the proposal would "support American jobs and American-made products." The group, comprised of more than 25 U.S. companies and dubbed the "American Made Coalition," also includes Dow Chemical Co (DOW.N), Eli Lilly and Co (LLY.N), Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), and Oracle Corp, the companies confirmed. The group's launch underscored a growing division in corporate America over the House Republican proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. President Donald Trump has sent mixed signals about border taxes and the House proposal could face difficulties in the U.S. Senate where some Republicans question whether it would unduly raise prices for U.S consumers and businesses. Companies that rely heavily on imports, such as retailers Target Corp (TGT.N) and Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N), say a border tax would outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. Net exporters like Boeing and companies that are purely domestic U.S. concerns say they would benefit.   "American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," said John Gentzel, a spokesman for the coalition. The current tax system unfairly subsidizes imports of foreign goods, the group said. David Lewis, Lilly's vice president of finance and corporate tax, said in a statement the group supports the House Republican blueprint. Many of the companies in the coalition – including Boeing and GE – successfully formed their own group in 2015 to save the Export-Import Bank, a government-backed loan program that helps foreign buyers purchase American exports. Meanwhile, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which represents more than 120 trade associations and companies, launched a separate coalition on Wednesday to fight the House Republican proposal known as the "border adjustment" tax. “The border adjustable tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20 percent more for family essentials,” said Sandy Kennedy, president of the group. Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers including Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) have been lobbying Congress, fearing that a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Best Buy has circulated a flyer to lawmakers, which cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company's projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss, Reuters reported this week. (Reporting by David Shepardson and Ginger Gibson in Washington, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Andrew Hay) Next In Aerospace & Defense Lockheed says didn't seek help from Trump's ex-campaign manager Lockheed Martin Corp did not turn to Corey Lewandowski, Donald Trump's former campaign manager, and his lobbying firm to steer through the cost dispute around the F-35 fighter plane, a company spokesman said. U.S., South Korea agree to deploy THAAD this year, South says SEOUL U.S. and South Korean defense chiefs have agreed to deploy a U.S. missile defense system in South Korea this year to counter the threat from North Korea, South Korea's defense ministry said on Friday. Exclusive: U.S. expected to impose fresh sanctions on Iranian entities - sources WASHINGTON The United States is expected to impose sanctions on multiple Iranian entities as early as Friday following Tehran's recent ballistic missile test, but in a way that will not violate the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 03, 3:54 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Trump Tax Proposal: Are Taxes On Imported Goods Good For Consumers? Retailers, Manufacturers On Opposite Sides Of Border Adjustment Proposal By Marcy Kreiter @marcykreiter On 02/02/17 AT 6:45 PM Close The nation’s retailers and manufacturers are finding themselves on opposing sides of a proposed 20 percent tax on U.S. imports from Mexico and other countries with the anti-import tax side warning of higher prices for everyday goods and the pro-tax side saying it would level the playing field with foreign manufacturers. More than 100 businesses and trade associations have formed Americans for Affordable Product to oppose the proposed tax, which members say will “increase prices paid by consumers” without triggering a resurgence in U.S. manufacturing. On the other side, 25 U.S. businesses and industries have formed the American Made Coalition to support revamping the tax code to include an import tax and eliminate the export tax. White House spokesman Sean Spicer last week said the administration was considering a 20 percent tax on all imports from Mexico and other countries with which the United States runs a trade deficit. The money generated would help pay for Trump’s wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and also could be used to cut the corporate tax rate, a key promise of the Trump campaign. The proposal could pit the likes of Wal-Mart against General Electric, Boeing and Pfizer. “I respect Wal-Mart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform,” GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt told Bloomberg. “I think all of our voices need to be heard.” William Dudley, president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said the tax may not work as envisioned. “That type of adjustment proposal in the House, it’s a pretty dramatic change,” Dudley said earlier this month at the National Retail Federation’s Retail’s Big Show. “I think that it will probably lead to a lot of changes in the value of the dollar, the prices of imported goods in the U.S. I’m not sure that that would all happen very smoothly and I also think there could be lots of unintended consequences.” Americans for Affordable Products Wednesday called the proposed Border Adjustment Tax a bad idea that will mean higher costs for everything from food to gas to clothing and cars. NRF President and CEO Matthew Shay said the proposed tax would make consumers the real losers. “There are plenty of taxes already on hard working Americans and the retailers that serve them, and higher prices just add to that burden,” Shay said. “As a business owner who works every day to add value to my customers and serve the needs of families, I am deeply concerned about the Border Adjustment Tax,” said Rick Woldenberg, chairman of Learning Resources Inc. “Without question, it will increase prices paid by consumers and threaten the existence of companies like ours. We need members of Congress to listen to the urgent objections of small business job creators and stop this giveaway to big corporations at the expense of middle income and working class families.” The NRF estimates the border tax would cost American families $1,700 annually. Related Stories Trump Corporate Tax Reforms May Do Little For Job Creation How Americans Could Pay For The Border Wall, Measured In Fruit The American Made Coalition, however, argued Wednesday current tax law penalizes U.S.-made goods and said it backs tax reform proposals supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady “that would lower tax rates, encourage domestic investment, spur job creation and modernize the overall tax system for a 21st century economy.” “By ending the ‘Made in America tax,’ we can create a more favorable business environment for American manufacturing and level the playing field so American workers can compete with foreign competitors,” the coalition said, estimating the House tax proposals will create 1.7 million new jobs, boost gross domestic product by 1.9 percent and increase wages 7.7 percent. “This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,” Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, told Bloomberg. Senate Republicans David Perdue of Georgia and Mike Lee of Utah warned in Federalist magazine the import tax “could ravage huge swaths of our economy.” Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Retailers, Manufacturers On Opposite Sides Of Proposed Import Tax New York Fed President William Dudley has warned a proposed tax on imports from Mexico and other countries could have "unintended consequences." Technology Apple Inches Closer To Manufacturing iPhones in India? Apple has shown interest in setting up operations in the Indian city of Bengaluru. World Prince Harry, Meghan Markle Hold Hands On Cute Date According to reports, the two are taking their relationship seriously as the prince introduced his girlfriend to some of the royal family members. National Pentagon Panel Advises Trump Administration To Develop Tactical Nukes The recommendations, which advocate for developing weapons that could provide a “tailored nuclear option for limited use,” are part of a report by the Defense Science Board. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Grupo Aeromexico Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call 3 February 2017Military News MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. (“Aeroméxico”) (BMV: AEROMEX), Mexico’s global airline, will hold its Fourth Quarter 2016 earnings conference call on: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 11:00 AM EST (10:00 AM Mexico City Time & Central Time) Andrés Conesa Labastida, Chief Executive Officer, and Ricardo Sánchez Baker, Chief Financial Officer will host the call and review Grupo Aeromexico’s Fourth Quarter 2016 financial and operational results, followed by a question and answer session. Fourth Quarter results will be released on February 21, 2017 after market close. To participate in the conference call, please dial Toll Free US                1-866-682-6100 Toll International         1-862-255-5401 Registration is required; please dial in at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will be available for replay until March 22, 2017 at 11:59 PM: Toll Free US                 1-877-481-4010 Toll International           1-919-882-2331 Replay Conference ID Number:  10224 The conference call replay can also be accessed via Grupo Aeromexico’s Investor Relations website: http://aeromexico.com/investors/welcome.html About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico´s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 3 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 2 in Asia. The Group’s fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com   www.skyteam.com  http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grupo-aeromexico-announces-fourth-quarter-2016-earnings-conference-call-300401723.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged aircraft Companies company fleet jet Markets officer Travel Uncategorized World Post navigation Statement on the Death of John R. Cox, Founding Chairman of ACE Limited Goodrich Petroleum Announces Conference Call to Discuss Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2016 Financial Results and Operational Update Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches Bill undoing St. Paul, Mpls. sick leave measures moves forward in House More Minnesota teachers leaving jobs, new state report shows Ex-official at Minn. treatment center who sexually assaulted patient had long criminal history Jurors award $28.6M to woman paralyzed in crash with Ely school bus I-94 project through Minneapolis promises to be a doozy for motorists Citing Trump, Mpls. Somali nonprofit rejects $500,000 counterextremism grant For Minnesotans in Houston, there's plenty of homework Beer and fly-tying mix well at angler gatherings in the metro Rowling in Twitter war with fans threatening to burn her books over Trump comments next 412615953 Amazon plans $1.5 billion air cargo hub in Kentucky The worldwide center is expected to add 2,700 jobs.  By Mae Anderson Associated Press February 2, 2017 — 5:25pm Ted S. Warren &#x2022; Associated Press Amazon has invested in distribution centers and leasing jets, a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air,” in order to speed up deliveries. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint NEW YORK – Amazon isn’t content just being the “everything store.” Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon’s latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed “Prime Air.” The moves come as e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It’s an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it’s just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. “It’s not a big surprise,” Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon’s Kentucky announcement. “By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days.” If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, e-commerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. It’s no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. “It’s hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL,” Roberson said. “Amazon is still not mature.” To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest “an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities” — at least double what it’s already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. “You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers,” said Rob Taylor, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trump pledges to end political limits on churches Citing Trump, Mpls. Somali nonprofit rejects $500,000 counterextremism grant More Minnesota teachers leaving jobs, new state report shows I-94 project through Minneapolis promises to be a doozy for motorists TCF profit fell amid a sudden loss of momentum in auto lending Union Pacific cost cuts offset declining shipments in 4Q Proto Labs launches new automated overmolding service Office Depot agrees to buy OfficeMax in stock deal Target sells its office furniture business to Omni Workspace More From Star Tribune 1:05am Thursday's NBA roundup Stephen Curry scored 29 points despite making only three three-pointers, Kevin Durant added 26 points and 10 assists, and the Golden State Warriors defeated the… 12:23am Scheifele scores twice, leading Jets past Stars Mark Scheifele scored two more goals against the Dallas Stars, propelling the visiting Winnipeg Jets to a 4-3 victory Thursday night.Dallas led 2-1 until Scheifele… February 2 The big gigs: Dawes, Ladysmith Black Mambazo Dawes The locally adored L.A. band that gave us such great soul-twang singalongs as “When My Time Comes” and “That Western Skyline” on its 2009… February 2 As consultant for Clippers, Kevin Garnett still bringing the passion Former Timberwolves star still passionate. February 2 Coach Mike Krzyzewski to return to Duke sideline on Saturday Mike Krzyzewski is returning this weekend to coach his Duke Blue Devils.The Hall of Fame coach said Thursday night on his weekly radio show that… Top Stories Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout 12:18am Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches Feb. 2 Bill undoing St. Paul, Mpls. sick leave measures moves forward in House Feb. 2 Most Read Trump's orders have U and Macalester presidents with varying views • Minneapolis Local clergy join protest over Trump travel ban • Local Associated Press college football All-America teams This story can't go online /LB Nation/world briefs World Mattis warns NKorea against any attack on US or its allies Psychiatric patient deaths spark scandal in South Africa Nation Heroic mom dies in Ill. fire after tossing her newborn from 2nd story Police storm prison, end hostage standoff; guard found dead Politics Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's long-awaited call-up of Tuch could trigger shake-up Wild signs goalie Stalock, ensuring Dubnyk is expansion-protected Wolves Thibodeau, Wolves recall history at The Palace Back to school: Former Wolves coach Mitchell wants a college job Gophers Gophers, Nittany Lions hope hockey rivalry grows Reusse: Fleck says failure is growth, so there's growth in first recruiting class Celebrities Bobby Vee's children claim siblings are mishandling estate Bill Cosby judge to hear defense request for outside jurors Vikings Belichick looks for one thing in assistants — 'little Bills' For Minnesotans in Houston, there's plenty of homework poll Poll: How excited are you about Gophers football right now? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me I live in Portugal now – but all I do is long for Minnesota Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Step up your Super Bowl game with themed menus for each team Are we on the brink of a bacon shortage? Depends on whom you ask StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live View of NRG Stadium, Site of Super Bowl LI Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas Graze at the Stargazer Ranch Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Amazon Increasingly Wants to Be Its Own Deliveryman By mae anderson, ap technology writer NEW YORK  Feb 2, 2017, 10:33 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon — and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 percent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 percent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 percent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumors that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 percent of its fourth-quarter deliveries — and 63 percent of those in December — were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" — at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Amazon Increasingly Wants to Be Its Own Deliveryman Alaska's Busy Volcano: Seawater, Magma Figure in Eruptions APNewsBreak: Deal Allows Yellowstone Bison Slaughter Snap, Maker of the Teen Social App Snapchat, Files for IPO " Drought-Easing California Snow Heaviest in 22 Years Reddit Bans Forum for White Nationalists From Its Website Spain: 4 Engineers Investigated Over 'Phineas Fisher' Hack Amazon Beats 4Q Profit Forecasts Judge Asked to Lift Hold on Yellowstone Dam and Protect Fish " 'Actionable Intelligence' in Qaeda Material Captured by U.S. Commandos in Yemen: Official " Hello? People Swamp Congress With Calls in Era of Trump " Congress Scraps Obama Rules on Coal Mining, Guns " How Trump's SCOTUS Nominee's Past Opinions Could Affect Future Cases
Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Israel Donald Trump Ivanka Trump Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman In this June 30, 2011 file photo, a United Parcel Service driver delivers packages from Amazon.com in Palo Alto, Calif. (AP / Paul Sakuma) Mae Anderson, The Associated Press Published Thursday, February 2, 2017 5:03PM EST Last Updated Thursday, February 2, 2017 10:36PM EST NEW YORK -- Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. Its Monday announcement of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely Amazon's latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon -- and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centres and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." The moves comes e-commerce continues to outpace retail sales. Amazon said Thursday the number of items it sold in the fourth quarter rose 24 per cent compared with a year ago. Its revenue rose 22 per cent to $43.74 billion, slightly missing analyst expectations. Meanwhile, profit rose 36 per cent to $749 million, or $1.54 per share, ahead of expectations. NEXT STEP On Monday, Amazon took the next step, announcing plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. It's an auspicious location, since UPS has a big air hub in Louisville and DHL has an international shipping hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. Amazon has long batted down rumours that it plans to start its own package delivery service, saying it's just trying to speed up deliveries and lower costs. The company insists it will continue working with the U.S. Post Office, UPS, FedEx and other carriers to deliver packages. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, said of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the U.S. in two days." E-COMMERCE EXPLOSION If Amazon succeeds in building out its delivery infrastructure, it could ultimately reduce package volume for companies like FedEx and UPS, Roberson said. On the other hand, ecommerce volume is growing so fast there may be room for everyone, she said. For example, UPS reported Monday that 55 per cent of its fourth-quarter deliveries -- and 63 per cent of those in December -- were directly to consumers, setting records in both cases. THE RUB It's no sure bet that Amazon will succeed in the highly competitive and complex delivery space. "It's hard to scale up, to have a network as built out and mature as FedEx, UPS or DHL," Roberson said. "Amazon is still not mature." To really go up against that big three, she said, Amazon will have to invest "an awful lot of money in networks and more facilities" -- at least double what it's already spending, she estimates. Still, Amazon has a history of developing services for its own use and then offering them to other customers. It built Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, for its own purposes; that service now generates annual revenue of more than $12 billion. "You could see a scenario in the future where they perfected their delivery network and become a carrier for other retailers," said Rob Convey, CEO of Convey, a company specializing in improving retailer shipment delivery. Related Stories New wave of robots set to deliver the goods CEO Jeff Bezos says Amazon backs suit opposing Trump order Amazon apologizes to India for selling doormats with national flag Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 Air Date: February 2, 2017 false Is fellow officer partly responsible for tragedy? Air Date: February 2, 2017 false CTV Ottawa: Cyclist, driver confrontation charges Air Date: February 2, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street shows little change Snap, owner of messaging app teens love, files for IPO Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump's clothing, accessories line U.S. revises Russia sanctions for electronics exports Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Christine Tan's Top Picks _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Samsung _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Infosys Ltd _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Tencent Holdings CTV News Video Network false Thousands gather to pay tribute at first funeral for victims CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump jab: 'Why don't we switch jobs?' 1 2 In major shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements 3 Search continues for missing filmmaker as friends, family work to 'bring him home' 10 4 Canada's groundhogs predict an early spring 5 5 Inuk singer says Facebook suspended her account over seal fur photo 6 Kellie Leitch's campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns 7 Baby bump: Beyonce breaks Instagram record with pregnancy photo 8 Former Mint employee who hid stolen gold in rectum sentenced to 30 months 2 9 As Quebec shooting victims mourned, Montreal mosque vandalized 18 10 Trump calls for negotiations on NAFTA as soon as May 2 Don't Miss false Terminator, Trump trade jabs over 'Apprentice' ratings false Attention bacon lovers! Shortage expected to increase price false Video of Nova Scotia senior strutting her stuff goes viral You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Charity to plant thousands of tree to help green up fire-ravaged Fort McMurray As Quebec shooting victims mourned, Montreal mosque vandalized Judge to rule in B.C. child bride case centred on sect's polygamous beliefs WORLD U.S. preparing new sanctions for Iran over missile test: AP Afghan children direct traffic on mountain pass for $4 a day U.S. threatens 'overwhelming' response if North Korea uses nuclear weapons ENTERTAINMENT Ryan Reynolds being honoured at Harvard George Orwell's '1984' coming to Broadway Baby bump: Beyonce breaks Instagram record with pregnancy photo HEALTH Doctors use 3D-printed hearts to prepare for surgery on children British Columbia oysters may be making Ontarians ill, health official warns Canada's largest cancer charities officially merge POLITICS Kellie Leitch's campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns Halifax shipyard says warship 'gap' could result in layoffs without federal help Canada to stand up for abortion rights in face of Trump's gag rule SCI-TECH Scientists develop wearable AI system that detects the tone of conversations King of the zoo: liger cub Tsar is Russian hit Meet the 72 candidates shortlisted for two Canadian astronaut jobs BUSINESS Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street shows little change Snap, owner of messaging app teens love, files for IPO Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman AUTOS Honda profit jumps on cost cuts World Car of the Year finalists announced Ferrari 2016 profits soar as sales top 8,000 vehicles SPORTS NBA scores: Popovich ties career wins record as Spurs hammer 76ers Basketball moves closer to ending ban on religious headgear Jen Kish returns to boost Canada in 26-5 rout of France in rugby sevens Lifestyle Riccardo Tisci exiting Givenchy after nearly 12 years 'Queen of Chess' abandons Gibraltar match to protest pairing Listeria prompts recall of Ruth's Salads pimento spread CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Leitch campaign manager calls it quits Matter of the heart: How 3D printing helps surgeons Terminator, Trump at war over ratings In Pictures   Funeral for victims killed in mosque attack Hundreds protest against Trump's travel ban Homes of the Month: $500K across Canada Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market 2017-2021 About Maritime Patrol Aircraft News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 02, 2017, 16:37 ET Share this article LONDON, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- After the Second World War, MPA were primarily designed for long-range patrolling to track and hunt down submarines. In the 1990s, they evolved to carry out surveillance either at sea or in the coastal regions. After 9/11, the US and its allies used MPA for reconnaissance and battlespace surveillance. Thus, MPA have transitioned from submarine trackers to performing anti-submarine warfare (ASW) and anti-surface warfare (ASUW) missions, and now even to multi-mission MPA. Technavio's analysts forecast the global maritime patrol aircraft market to grow at a CAGR of 4.71% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global maritime patrol aircraft market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report covers both fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters that are used for maritime patrolling by the military, homeland security, and law enforcement officials. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Technavio's report, Global Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Airbus - Boeing - Lockheed Martin - Saab Other prominent vendors - BAE Systems - Embraer - Harbin Aircraft Industry - Leonardo-Finmeccanica - Thales Group Market driver - Competition among prime defense contractors and sub-contractors. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Growing adoption of strategic bombers in maritime patrol. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Integration of maritime patrol platform with advanced systems. - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Research methodology is based on extensive primary and secondary research. Primary research includes in-depth interviews with industry experts, vendors, resellers and customers. Secondary research includes Technavio Platform, industry publications, company reports, news articles, analyst reports, trade associations and the data published by Government agencies. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4647359/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-maritime-patrol-aircraft-market-2017-2021-300401638.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Feb 02, 2017, 16:52 ET Preview: Global Outdoor Backpacks Market 2017-2021 Feb 02, 2017, 16:26 ET Preview: Next Generation Conversational Interfaces: Chatbots and Virtual Personal Assistants 2017- 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 18:26 ET2017 Asia-Pacific Infectious Disease Testing Market: Sales and... Feb 02, 2017, 18:25 ETAir Separation Plant Market by Process, Gas, End User, Region -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer Feb 02, 2017, 16:37 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UDATED Wall Street languishes as uncertainty continues Margreet Dietz Friday February 3, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trump's protectionist stance weighed on optimism about the outlook for the economy and corporate profits. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 6.03 points, or 0.03%, at 19,884.91. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up by just over a point at 2280.84 while the Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 0.1% to 5636.20. "What you have is a tug-of-war between near-term positives in terms of economic data and earnings season juxtaposed against the confusion over what's important in the first 100 days of the new administration and when we will get to see things like tax reforms," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. The Dow was mixed as advances in shares of Merck and those of Cisco, which traded 2.9% and 1.9 higher respectively, offset slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Boeing, recently down 1.2% and 1.1% respectively. The uncertainty created by the new Trump presidency also weakened the greenback. "On the one hand economic fundamentals imply the dollar should rise but on the other hand there is political risk," Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg. "If the political risk premium rises too much, then it's contrary to what the fundamentals are actually saying." Infant formula takeover Bucking the trend on Wall Street, Mead Johnson Nutrition Co shares soared after the UK's Reckitt Benckiser Group said it is in advanced negotiations to acquire the maker of baby food for about $US16.7 billion. "Reckitt Benckiser had never even been considered as a potential acquirer," Andrew Wood, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. "Infant formula was considered too far away from its core business. Hence the news was very surprising to us." Mead Johnson shares traded 21% higher at $US84.93 compared with the offer price $US90 a share in cash. "While a deal for Mead Johnson would be clearly earnings per share enhancing and indeed transformative, it is unclear that all shareholders will welcome the addition of a new product category where Reckitt Benckiser has limited prior experience," Liberum analysts said, according to Reuters. Pfizer to sell unit In other deal news, Pfizer is exploring a sale of a group of treatments in cardiology, urology and primary care as the US drugmaker looks for ways to raise cash and streamline its portfolio, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The drugs generate sales of more than $US700 million and could fetch more than $US2 billion from a buyer, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private, according to Bloomberg. US government bonds weakened, with the yield on the 10-year Treasury note edging up to 2.470% from 2.466% previously. Gold rose 0.9% to $US1216.70 an ounce, hovering near a two-month high, In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3% decline from the previous close, amid disappointing earnings including from Deutsche Bank and Daimler. France's CAC 40 Index was steady, closing 0.01% lower, while Germany's DAX Index fell 0.3%. The UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5%. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7275 -0.0007 -0.10% AUD 0.9514 -0.0006 -0.06% EUR 0.6765 -0.0005 -0.07% GBP 0.5811 -0.0007 -0.12% HKD 5.6452 -0.0050 -0.09% JPY 82.2440 0.0950 0.12% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1215.8 6.110 2017-02-02T00: Oil Brent 56.9 -0.270 2017-02-02T00: Oil Nymex 54.2 -0.340 2017-02-02T00: Silver Index 17.4 -0.020 2017-02-02T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7053.5 7094.4 7053.5 0.58% NASDAQ 5627.1 5656.0 5642.6 -0.11% DAX 11636.2 11675.5 11628.0 0.30% DJI 19858.3 19922.8 19890.9 -0.03% FTSE 7140.8 7162.6 7140.8 0.28% HKSE 23217.0 23226.9 23184.5 -0.24% NI225 18996.7 19061.3 18914.6 0.02% ASX 5645.3 5662.8 5645.4 -0.42% Most Popular Read Wealthy Kiwis behind Nosh buy NBR INVESTIGATION: Palmers denies it could be the next Nosh Harmoney customers could be entitled to compensation for fees Reckitt Benckiser fined $1.1 million over misleading Nurofen ads Sam Morgan's plan to get around Auckland traffic Commented Callaghan Innovation has 'weak' management, fuzzy strategy Gareth, interrupting Philanthropy, entrepreneurial skills were reasons for Thiel citizenship: DIA docs Morgan has blown it in Mt Albert: commentator Veritas sells Nosh, meeting ANZ's sell-or-close deadline Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. The Week in Business with Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson Forsyth Barr's Andrew Harvey-Green on petrol profit margins NBR reporter Karyn Scherer discusses Palmers' growing pains NBR's Tim Hunter on the kiwi purchase of Nosh English’s delivery problem - there’s loads of steak, but he needs to sizzle, not zzz, says NBR's Rob Hosking  Only available on Previous article Dollar falls vs Aussie after Australia posts record trade surplus Next article More writedowns plague Opus in $30m annual loss Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UDATED Wall Street languishes as uncertainty continues
null
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled AMC commander visits JBLM, discusses critical missions Photo By Senior Airman Divine Cox | Gen. Carlton D. Everhart II, Air Mobility Command commander, speaks with Team McChord...... read more read more Photo By Senior Airman Divine Cox | Gen. Carlton D. Everhart II, Air Mobility Command commander, speaks with Team McChord noncommissioned officers during his visit Feb. 1, 2017 at Joint Base Lewis McChord, Wash. Everhart met with Airmen to gain insight into the day to day operations and share with them mission priorities. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Divine Cox)  see less | View Image Page JOINT BASE LEWIS MCCHORD, WA, UNITED STATES 02.02.2017 Story by Staff Sgt. Naomi Shipley  62nd Airlift Wing ✔ ✗ Subscribe 0 While here, Gen. Carlton D. Everhart II, AMC commander, also participated in a C-17 training mission and interacted with Airmen, Soldiers, and civic leaders. He also discussed the command’s upcoming premier exercise, Mobility Guardian, and made time to meet with Boeing representatives concerning the KC-46A Pegasus aircraft. “Washington is one of the best power projection states to be able to work jointly along with our total force partners,” said Everhart. One of the primary focus areas of his trip was to get an update on AMC’s new premier exercise, Mobility Guardian, and to recognize the contributions made by mobility Airmen and their families. Mobility Guardian, which is projected to be AMC’s largest readiness exercise, will be a two-week-long, multinational, multi-service, real-world, scenario-driven exercise and is scheduled for August 2017. The exercise will challenge participants to hone their skills, executing all of AMC’s core capabilities: airlift, air refueling, aeromedical evacuation and enroute mobility support. “I want to make sure planning for Mobility Guardian is moving in the right direction, which we are,” said Everhart. We want to make sure our pilots, maintainers, and our all our mobility professionals involved have the opportunity to expand their skillsets, while refining their current capability. This is a crawl, walk, run exercise designed to ensure sound fundamentals and readiness are in place across the AMC enterprise.” JBLM will serve a vital role in ensuring the succes of the exercise planning, execution, and the command’s historic first readiness exercise. “It’s the first time we’ve laid out something of this nature and of this magnitude,” he said. “I’m focusing resources on the requirements needed to meet readiness issues. If we can meet those, great, if we fall short, then I expect lessons to be learned. We need a collective team approach to enhancing readiness.” Overall, Everhart said the command and installation are prepared for Mobility Guardian. “I’m very happy with where we are right now,” said Everhart. In addition to Mobility Guardian planning and resources, Everhart made a trip to the Boeing plant and stressed the importance of the KC-46 to national defense. “I just want to make sure the program stays on course, because I need a war-ready airplane from day one when we receive it,” said Everhart. Everhart ended his trip by reflecting on the role Airmen and the joint team play in mission success. “It’s been a very dynamic trip--time with the base, time with our joint partners, time with our industry partners--so this was time well invested,” said Everhart. “I don’t know when the next earthquake will occur or when we will be called upon for humanitarian relief, but when our nation calls, we’re there to support. I am thankful for Mobility Airmen and our joint partners. They are always there. Nobody does Rapid Global Mobility better than AMC.” LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 02.02.2017 Date Posted: 02.02.2017 13:15 Story ID: 222314 Location: JOINT BASE LEWIS MCCHORD, WA, US Web Views: 7 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, AMC commander visits JBLM, discusses critical missions, by SSgt Naomi Shipley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS C-17 JBLM AMC McChord AFB Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 03 Feb 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Etihad Aviation, Lufthansa launch new partnership By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · February 2, 2017 Etihad Aviation Group and Lufthansa German Airlines have unveiled details of a new commercial partnership, including a USD 100 million global catering agreement and a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to cooperate in aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul, the Etihad group said. The four-year catering contract will see Lufthansa´s LSG Sky Chefs provide catering services to Etihad Airways in 16 cities in Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Etihad Aviation Group and Lufthansa Technik (LHT) also signed an MoU to explore cooperation in maintenance, repair and overhaul services across Etihad Airways and its airline equity partners, and opportunities for synergies with Etihad Airways Engineering. The companies are exploring further cooperation in a number of other areas as well, to improve their competitive offering globally and in the European market freight operations, procurement, and passenger services. The previously announced codeshare between the two airline groups goes on sale today, February 1, for flights between Abu Dhabi and Germany. The codeshare agreement will grow both carriers´ global networks, giving Lufthansa increased access to important feeder markets throughout the Indian Subcontinent via Abu Dhabi, while Etihad will gain access into South America through Germany. Etihad Aviation Group is a diversified global aviation and travel group comprising five business divisions — Etihad Airways, Etihad Airways Engineering, Etihad Airport Services, Hala Group, and Airline Equity Partners. The group has minority investments in seven airlines: airberlin, Air Serbia, Air Seychelles, Alitalia, Jet Airways, Virgin Australia, and Swiss-based Darwin Airline, trading as Etihad Regional. From its Abu Dhabi base, Etihad Airways flies to, or has announced plans to serve, more than 110 passenger and cargo destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Americas. The airline has a fleet of over 120 Airbus and Boeing aircraft, with 204 aircraft on firm order, including 71 Boeing 787s, 25 Boeing 777Xs, 62 Airbus A350s and 10 Airbus A380s. For more information, please visit: etihad.com. Lufthansa is a global aviation group divided into the three strategic areas of hub airlines, point-to-point business, and service companies. The group´s network carriers, Lufthansa, SWISS, and Austrian Airlines, serve its home market from their Frankfurt, Munich, Zurich, and Vienna hubs. Its Eurowings brand offers short- and long-haul point-to-point services in the private travel market, and its service companies offer cargo, MRO, and catering. The Lufthansa Group´s airlines currently serve 255 destinations in 101 countries. Its total fleet comprises some 600 aircraft, and its member airlines will be taking delivery of 214 new aircraft, including A350 and A321neos between now and 2025. Related posts United Airlines enhances relationship with Brazilian airline Avianca February 2, 2017 United Airlines is working with both Avianca Holdings S.A. and Avianca Brasil to enhance and... Air Canada to begin seasonal service to Iceland February 2, 2017 Air Canada will launch summer seasonal service from Canada to Reykjavik, Iceland, operating flights four... Alaska Airlines to start nonstop service between Orange County and Albuquerque in August February 2, 2017 Alaska Airlines will begin daily, nonstop-service from Orange County´s John Wayne Airport to Albuquerque starting... Lockheed Martin returns first F-22 Raptor from ICR facility to USAF ahead of schedule February 2, 2017 Bethesda, Maryland-based Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) has completed the first F-22 Raptor at the... Silicon Valley Airport partners with AvatarMind to create new robot playground February 2, 2017 Mineta San Jose International Airport (SJC) has debuted the new iPal Playground from AvatarMind, the... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Alaska Airlines to start nonstop service between Orange County and Albuquerque in August Air Canada to begin seasonal service to Iceland » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:04pm Fri 3 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall St limps along 8:06 AM Friday Feb 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trump's protectionist stance weighed on optimism. Photo / AP Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trump's protectionist stance weighed on optimism about the outlook for the economy and corporate profits. In 1.02pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.01 per cent advance, while, in 12.47pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index inched 0.04 per cent higher. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 0.13 per cent. "What you have is a tug-of-war between near-term positives in terms of economic data and earnings season juxtaposed against the confusion over what's important in the first 100 days of the new administration and when will we get to see things like tax reforms," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. The Dow was mixed as advances in shares of Merck and those of Cisco, which recently traded 2.9 per cent and 1.9 per cent higher respectively, offset slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Boeing, recently down 1.2 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively. The uncertainty created by Trump also weakened the greenback. "On the one hand economic fundamentals imply the dollar should rise, but on the other hand there is political risk," Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg. "If the political risk premium rises too much, then it's contrary to what the fundamentals are actually saying." Bucking the trend on Wall Street, Mead Johnson Nutrition Co shares soared after the UK's Reckitt Benckiser Group said it is in advanced negotiations to acquire the maker of baby food for about US$16.7 billion. "Reckitt Benckiser had never even been considered as a potential acquirer," Andrew Wood, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. "Infant formula was considered too far away from its core business. Hence the news was very surprising to us." Continued below. Related Content Market Watch: Brace for the Trump effect Is the 20-hour work week the way of the future? Your views: Readers' letters Mead Johnson shares traded 22.2 per cent higher at US$84.93 as of 12.29pm in New York, after Reckitt Benckiser said it is in talks to acquire each Mead Johnson share for US$90 in cash. "While a deal for Mead Johnson would be clearly EPS enhancing and indeed transformative, it is unclear that all shareholders will welcome the addition of a new product category where RB has limited prior experience," Liberum analysts said, according to Reuters. In other deal news, Pfizer is exploring a sale of a group of treatments in cardiology, urology and primary care as the U.S. drugmaker looks for ways to raise cash and streamline its portfolio, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The drugs generate sales of more than US$700 million and could fetch more than US$2b from a buyer, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private, according to Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3 per cent decline from the previous close, amid disappointing earnings including from Deutsche Bank and Daimler. France's CAC 40 Index was steady, closing 0.01 per cent lower, while Germany's DAX Index fell 0.3 per cent. The UK's FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 per cent. - BusinessDesk Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Vintage machinery rolls out Machinery enthusiasts and families are invited to enjoy the sights and sounds of the… Hawke's Bay Today One dead after fatal car crash in Hawke's Bay A person has died in a car crash in Hawke's Bay tonight. Bay of Plenty Times Malcolm's litter busting efforts 'true gold' A homeless man in Mount Maunganui spends every day picking up litter for no other reason… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Full sqaud of Ford GT's to compete at Le Mans A four car assault on the Le Mans 24 hour confirmed... Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss and more of the coolest looks True Commercial High profile Ellerslie development site A large and strategically-located development site, with resource consent in place for… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 03 Feb 2017 22:17:33 Processing Time: 18ms
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm How the GOP's corporate tax plan could backfire and slam consumers Patti Domm | @pattidomm 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Rep. Neal: Dems take stand on taxes    19 Hours Ago | 03:10 There's risk that Washington's plan to give Corporate America a big tax break could backfire and create a fat tax on consumers. That's because the key way the House Republicans would pay for the cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent depends on a controversial border-adjusted tax, which in turn relies on a sharply rising dollar. The proposal would tax all imports into the U.S. at the corporate tax rate of 20 percent, and would exempt exports from any taxes at all. Critics say it could create a jump in prices for everything from gasoline to TVs and blue jeans. Supporters say it could create jobs in America, and companies like exporters Dow Chemical have been talking positively about the tax. The problem is that the plan relies on the dollar rising sharply — 25 percent — so that the cost of imported goods doesn't noticeably rise. But that significant jump in the greenback required to neutralize the impact, seems to be at odds with the Trump administration, whose officials have talked down the U.S. dollar, saying it's too strong. The dollar has lost about 1.8 percent since Inauguration Day, in part due to those comments from Trump officials and President Donald Trump himself. Whether the dollar would rise, as expected by the plan's proponents, is an unknown, according to a number of strategists. And it's a point of disagreement on Wall Street. "We won't know the answer to that until we do it," said Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. He also said it's unclear whether the proposal, floated by the House Ways and Means Committee, would be applied to all industries or if would be exemptions. The border-adjusted tax, as currently proposed by House Republicans, is expected to generate more than $1 trillion over ten years to partially offset the tax cut. The destination-based tax would mean that companies would not deduct the costs of imported goods, and would not include export revenue in their tax base. Wall Street has dissected and speculated about the tax but sees a relatively low chance of it passing. Big exporters like Boeing see it positively, but it's being opposed by retailers, like Target and Best Buy, who see a direct hit on their bottom line. Companies aligned on both sides have organized themselves. show chapters Kudlow: Cut taxes now    Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 4:17 PM ET | 05:20 The American Made Coalition says it represents 25 companies in manufacturing, energy, agriculture, technology and other industries that favor a border-adjusted tax. Wal-Mart, Target, Saks and other retailers have their own group - Americans for Affordable Products. Goldman Sachs economists Thursday echoed what others have also worried about — the dollar may not appreciate completely, and there could be "short-run adjustment" frictions. "In the U.S., these frictions include higher inflation that would disproportionately hurt low-income households; lower margins for importers in industries such as apparel and higher margins for exporters in industries such as aerospace; changes in trade flows, and a hit to net foreign assets," they wrote in a note. The Goldman economists said the border adjustment could boost inflation by 0.8 percent in the first year but there could be effects in the range of 0.5 percent to 1.5 percent. "The key assumption behind our estimate is that importers facing a higher tax bill would pass on some share of their cost increase to consumers, but import-competing domestic producers would not raise their prices as quickly, realizing that the prices of imports should eventually come back down. If the transition became very protracted, the domestic price level could rise more broadly," they wrote. There could also be a ripple effect in the emerging world, where dollar-denominated debt could become much more expensive, and the stronger dollar could curb appetite for U.S. exports, the Goldman economists said. Credit Suisse strategists also wrote recently that if the dollar were to appreciate by 25 percent, as expected by tax writers, there would be a half percent hit to Asian GDP. The Asian economies most hurt would be Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and Malaysia because they export durable goods and demand is more sensitive to changes in import prices. But the border tax is not without its merits. Strategists say it would level the playing field for the U.S. because many countries around the world use a Value Added Tax. David Woo, head of global rates and currencies at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said with modifications, it could be an elegant solution to pay for tax reform, if it is phased in gradually. "They're going to try to move in line with international taxation systems, like VAT. The U.S. will be doing what everybody else would be doing, and then the border adjusted tax is going to raise $1 trillion. It's not something you could basically just throw away. It's a lynch pin of the entire corporate tax reform," said Woo. But he said there are some aspects that have not gotten much attention and could have consequences. "Most of Wal-Mart's contracts, whatever they import. the contracts are negotiated in U.S. dollars," as are the contracts of other importers, he said. "So from the point of view the dollar really goes up, they negotiated in dollars…the irony is we import more from China than anywhere else. The RMB would have to go down against the U.S. dollar. That is what Trump doesn't want." Trump has said China unfairly undervalues its currency, though it has been actively supporting the yuan since late last year. "It's a difficult contradiction to reconcile. I'm optimistic the border adjustment tax will go through but not in this current state," said Woo. There are questions being raised in Washington, where if it is perceived as a 'Wal-mart tax,' or tax on Wal-mart shoppers, it may lose some appeal. Sen. Orrin Hatch, head of the Senate Finance Committee, said Wednesday there are questions about whether the tax would burden consumers and businesses or be acceptable under international trade rules. He did not reject the idea of the tax but his comments suggested it may have difficulty passing the Senate. House Speaker Paul Ryan, however, says it's an important part of tax reform, and on Thursday he said serious talks on tax reform won't begin until the spring. The stock market has risen, in part on hopes that tax reform will be a windfall for corporate earnings. The average S&P 500 company pays about a 25 percent corporate tax rate, and without the border tax there is no revenue to bring down that tax rate to the 20 percent level. Strategas has said without the border tax, the rate would get to about 25 percent. "Hatch is now indicating that the Senate may pursue a separate tax reform bill from the House version, with the assumption being that a border adjustment tax cannot pass the Senate. That of course could change if Trump puts his weight behind the House bill, but we won't know that for a couple of weeks," wrote Strategas Dan Clifton in a note. Clifton, head of policy research, points out that the dollar is not reflecting the idea of a border tax, but some stocks are. Besides retail, there would be a definite impact on the energy industry, if it is applied broadly. The border tax could drive up the cost of U.S. domestic crude, versus overseas oil, and even Canadian crude, half of all U.S. imports. It would also push up the price of gasoline at the pump, according to Citigroup, and there are some estimates it could be about $0.30 per gallon, as average retail prices jump 15 percent year over year. Refiners would have a mixed impact, with east coast refiners, seeing a negative impact because of their dependence on foreign oil. "There are very clear winners and losers that come out of it as well," said Eric Lee, energy analyst at Citigroup. "The thing with oil, specifically, is it's all U.S. dollar denominated, so there isn't that dollar impact. It doesn't play the same way for oil or crude or gasoline. All in all, it raises domestic crude prices. WTI could be more expensive than Brent." The U.S., as of November, was producing about 8.9 million barrels a day and was importing about 8.1 million barrels a day. North America has a tightly linked, complex maze of energy interconnections, and U.S. refineries buy oil by grade, not necessarily by geographical location of the source. The balance between imports and exports would shift, and U.S. oil production could pick up even more, said Lee. "Domestic crude producers can raise their prices until it matches the import price, or at least there's a balance," he said. There would be varied impacts by region. "Gulf coast, you probably have good access to domestic crude and probably exporting gasoline and diesel. You might see higher crude exports," he said. "It really artificially would raise exports out of the U.S. and would tend to put downward pressure on global prices and upward pressure on U.S. oil." In a note, Citi analysts said: "With an assumed 20 percent corporate tax rate, it would imply a combined price shift of (about) $12 at $55 spot oil to close arbitrages. The lack of specificity in the current proposals makes pinpointing exact effects tricky, but it would undoubtedly be negative for the US oil consumer [individual and corporate], a positive for US oil production and would likely create a spectrum of winners and losers in the refinery landscape." show chapters Trump meets with CEOs and pledges to cut taxes 'massively'    Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 9:27 AM ET | 03:13 Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BA --- USD INDEX --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St limps along 7:23 February 3, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Feb. 3 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trumps protectionist stance weighed on optimism about the outlook for the economy and corporate profits. While you were sleeping: Wall St limps along Feb. 3 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trump’s protectionist stance weighed on optimism about the outlook for the economy and corporate profits. In 1.02pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.01 percent advance, while, in 12.47pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index inched 0.04 percent higher. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 0.13 percent. “What you have is a tug-of-war between near-term positives in terms of economic data and earnings season juxtaposed against the confusion over what’s important in the first 100 days of the new administration and when will we get to see things like tax reforms,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. The Dow was mixed as advances in shares of Merck and those of Cisco, which recently traded 2.9 percent and 1.9 higher respectively, offset slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Boeing, recently down 1.2 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. The uncertainty created by Trump also weakened the greenback. “On the one hand economic fundamentals imply the dollar should rise, but on the other hand there is political risk,” Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg. “If the political risk premium rises too much, then it’s contrary to what the fundamentals are actually saying.” Bucking the trend on Wall Street, Mead Johnson Nutrition Co shares soared after the UK’s Reckitt Benckiser Group said it is in advanced negotiations to acquire the maker of baby food for about US$16.7 billion. “Reckitt Benckiser had never even been considered as a potential acquirer,” Andrew Wood, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. “Infant formula was considered too far away from its core business. Hence the news was very surprising to us.” Mead Johnson shares traded 22.2 percent higher at US$84.93 as of 12.29pm in New York, after Reckitt Benckiser said it is in talks to acquire each Mead Johnson share for US$90 in cash. “While a deal for Mead Johnson would be clearly EPS enhancing and indeed transformative, it is unclear that all shareholders will welcome the addition of a new product category where RB has limited prior experience,” Liberum analysts said, according to Reuters. In other deal news, Pfizer is exploring a sale of a group of treatments in cardiology, urology and primary care as the U.S. drugmaker looks for ways to raise cash and streamline its portfolio, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The drugs generate sales of more than US$700 million and could fetch more than US$2 billion from a buyer, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private, according to Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3 percent decline from the previous close, amid disappointing earnings including from Deutsche Bank and Daimler. France’s CAC 40 Index was steady, closing 0.01 percent lower, while Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.3 percent. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent. (BusinessDesk Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rose; A2, F&P Healthcare gain NZ dollar falls as rally runs out of puff Reckitt Benckiser fined $1.1m over misleading Nurofen ads Tenon trims Clearwood FY earnings guidance Banks say bill to meet new outsourcing rules will top $870M RBNZ likely on hold Plexure Group raises $1.6 mln Strike action to continue at Lyttelton Port Will you turn your world upside down on World Cancer Day? Households pay less on electricity than on petrol, insurance Wine Flight back for second vintage English dips into Budget 2017 for $503m crime package Treasury Agrees sugar Tax Doesn’t Work Metro Glass shares tumble, weaker-than-expected guidance Kaikoura earthquake update Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St limps along Friday, 3 February 2017, 7:23 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Wall St limps along Feb. 3 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street languished as concern about US President Donald Trump’s protectionist stance weighed on optimism about the outlook for the economy and corporate profits. In 1.02pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average eked out a 0.01 percent advance, while, in 12.47pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index inched 0.04 percent higher. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 0.13 percent. “What you have is a tug-of-war between near-term positives in terms of economic data and earnings season juxtaposed against the confusion over what's important in the first 100 days of the new administration and when will we get to see things like tax reforms," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Equity Capital Markets in New York, told Reuters. The Dow was mixed as advances in shares of Merck and those of Cisco, which recently traded 2.9 percent and 1.9 higher respectively, offset slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Boeing, recently down 1.2 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. The uncertainty created by Trump also weakened the greenback. “On the one hand economic fundamentals imply the dollar should rise, but on the other hand there is political risk,” Andrew Milligan, head of global strategy at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh, told Bloomberg. “If the political risk premium rises too much, then it’s contrary to what the fundamentals are actually saying.” Bucking the trend on Wall Street, Mead Johnson Nutrition Co shares soared after the UK’s Reckitt Benckiser Group said it is in advanced negotiations to acquire the maker of baby food for about US$16.7 billion. “Reckitt Benckiser had never even been considered as a potential acquirer,” Andrew Wood, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein, said in a note, Bloomberg reported. “Infant formula was considered too far away from its core business. Hence the news was very surprising to us.” Mead Johnson shares traded 22.2 percent higher at US$84.93 as of 12.29pm in New York, after Reckitt Benckiser said it is in talks to acquire each Mead Johnson share for US$90 in cash. "While a deal for Mead Johnson would be clearly EPS enhancing and indeed transformative, it is unclear that all shareholders will welcome the addition of a new product category where RB has limited prior experience," Liberum analysts said, according to Reuters. In other deal news, Pfizer is exploring a sale of a group of treatments in cardiology, urology and primary care as the U.S. drugmaker looks for ways to raise cash and streamline its portfolio, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The drugs generate sales of more than US$700 million and could fetch more than US$2 billion from a buyer, the people said, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are private, according to Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3 percent decline from the previous close, amid disappointing earnings including from Deutsche Bank and Daimler. France’s CAC 40 Index was steady, closing 0.01 percent lower, while Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.3 percent. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index rose 0.5 percent. (BusinessDesk © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Unsold Energy: No Buyer For Spring Creek Mine Leads To Closure Despite an exhaustive sales process Solid Energy has been unsuccessful in securing a buyer for Spring Creek Mine and has reluctantly taken the decision to close the mine. Spring Creek Mine has been in care and maintenance since 2012 when production was stopped following a review of the mine’s economic viability. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Solid Energy to close Spring Creek mine, no buyers emerged E tu - E tū: sadness at job losses as Spring Creek closes Beer: Heineken-Owned DB Buys Tuatara For Undisclosed Sum Heineken-owned DB Breweries, which owns bars and liquor brands including Tui, Monteiths and Redwood Cider, has bought Kapiti boutique brewer Tuatara Brewing Co for an undisclosed sum. More>> ALSO: Wellington Chamber Of Commerce - Tuatara deal shows anything’s possible, says Chamber Tuatara Brewery - Champion brewery Tuatara crafts deal with DB Image 2012 - Sixty tuatara released on Motuihe Island Numbers Of Jobs: Unemployment Rate Rises To 5.2 Percent As Labour Force Hits Record "The December quarter saw a large number of people enter the labour force," labour and income statistics manager Mark Gordon said. "But while the number of people in employment has risen, so has the number of unemployed people ." More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ's jobless rate unexpectedly rises to 5.2% in 4th qtr NZ Govt - Record number of people in employment Labour - Stats show Nats not delivering fair share to middle New Zealand Xtra Email: Spark Burns Older Systems Spark service update: Some customers may be experiencing problems receiving Xtra mail when using an out of date third party mail client configuration. For Windows PCs this includes for example, using Windows XP with an Outlook product. For Macs this includes for example Outlook 2011 or older. More>> Facades And Parapets: $3 Million Fund To Help Make Wellington’s Buildings Safer Wellington’s Mayor Justin Lester welcomes today’s announcement from the Government of a $3 million fund to assist Wellington building owners to secure unreinforced masonry on their buildings and says it will go a long way to keeping people safe in future earthquakes. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Aftershock risk prompts initiative for facades and parapets NZ Society for Earthquake Engineering - Engineers welcome Government move to secure earthquake-prone facades Labour - More support for building-strengthening needed Image Liana Pantaleo - 61 Molesworth “Deconstruction”: As 2016 Nears Its End Real Estate: Housing Prices Head South In Most Of NZ Housing became more affordable for first home buyers in many parts of the country including Auckland last month, as falling prices more than offset rising mortgage interest rates. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Christchurch bucks trend in housing affordability survey - S&P affirms New Zealand's 'AA' credit rating Wellington.Scoop - The challenge of affordable housing NZPIF - Rental property providers reject accusation Waikato District Council - Growth in Waikato district surpasses Wellington Queenstown Lakes Community Housing Trust - Wanaka family makes home ownership milestone Cosmetics & Pollution: Proposal To Ban Microbeads Cosmetic products containing microbeads will be banned under a proposal announced by the Minister for the Environment today. Marine scientists have been advocating for a ban on the microplastics, which have been found to quickly enter waterways and harm marine life. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Ban on plastic microbeads proposed Cawthron Institute - Cawthron Institute welcomes proposal to ban microbeads University of Canterbury - UC research influences Government’s microbead ban Seafood NZ - Seafood industry welcomes Government ban on microbeads Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rose; A2, F&P Healthcare gain 9:10 PM | BusinessDesk NZ dollar falls as rally runs out of puff 8:13 PM | BusinessDesk Reckitt Benckiser fined $1.1m over misleading Nurofen ads 8:12 PM | BusinessDesk Tenon trims Clearwood FY earnings guidance 8:10 PM | BusinessDesk Banks say bill to meet new outsourcing rules will top $870M 8:09 PM | BusinessDesk RBNZ likely on hold 8:06 PM | BusinessDesk Plexure Group raises $1.6 mln 8:05 PM | BusinessDesk More   RSS Inquiry hears outbreak details 4:39 PM | Science Media Centre HPV vaccine funded for boys 4:37 PM | Science Media Centre AI technology for automated treatment planning from UHN 9:47 AM | RaySearch Laboratories Research cooperation cannot be put at risk 02/02/17 | The Royal Society of New Zealand Science is, sometimes, political 02/02/17 | New Zealand Association of Scientists Opportunity for Kiwis to have their say on personal data use 02/02/17 | Data Futures Partner... Important submarine canyon ecosystems at risk 02/02/17 | Niwa National Climate Centre More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Oppo phones coming to NZ 21 Jan | Bill Bennett Hawaiki submarine-cable on track for mid-2018 laun... 18 Jan | Bill Bennett NZ IT spending to climb 2.3 percent in 2017 14 Jan | Bill Bennett NZ Tech Podcast 316: Ten years of Apple iPhone 1:26 AM | Bill Bennett Lenovo Miix 510: A Surface Pro 4 for less 10:19 PM | Bill Bennett On switching from Mac to Windows, or Windows to Ma... 11 Jan | Bill Bennett MacBook Pro, Surface Book choice down to what you ... 09 Jan | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rose; A2, F&P Healthcare g... 7:10 PM | admin NZ dollar falls as rally runs out of puff 6:13 PM | admin Reckitt Benckiser fined $1.1m over misleading Nuro... 6:12 PM | admin Tenon trims Clearwood FY earnings guidance 6:10 PM | admin Banks say bill to meet new outsourcing rules will ... 6:09 PM | admin RBNZ likely on hold 6:06 PM | admin Plexure Group raises $1.6 mln 6:05 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories Michigan Business Women Hall of Fame inducts 7 Sources: Duggan, Bedrock to announce Microsoft move downtown 2-year shutdown of southbound I-75 begins Saturday Detroit DOT retiree, worker charged in licensing scheme Dearborn-based nonprofit rejects funds to fight extremism due to Trump Michigan Economic Activity Index rises in November Oakland University pitches wellness app to promote fitness in staff Alumni donate $4.5 million to University of Detroit Mercy Metro Detroit auto dealer Jack Demmer dies at 93 Michigan Senate OKs bills aimed at reducing repeat criminals Special Report Healthy choices in the hospital × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Chad Livengood Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kirk Pinho - Real estate Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups City Moments Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries February 02, 2017 Updated Alumni donate $4.5 million to University of Detroit Mercy By Tyler Clifford The University of Detroit Mercy has received $4.5 million in endowments from two alumni, the university announced Thursday. Bernard Schlaff, who graduated in 1944 from the former University of Detroit, passed away in 2015 at 95 and left $3 million in his will to establish a scholarship for engineering students. After studying aeronautical engineering, Schlaff took on roles for NASA's Ames Aeronautical Laboratory, Lockheed Missiles & Space Co. and Boeing Aircraft Co. "This generous gift… Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe at three different levels -- digital, print + digital and our newest level: Data Membership. Subscribe Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business There are three ways to subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business -- digital, print + digital, and data membership. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE January 29, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Support independent journalism in Central & Eastern Europe. Donate to TOL! × Learn more No, thanks Photo: Abbas Atilay Login Subscribe Lost password    ABOUT TOL DONATE SUBSCRIBE CURRENT PROJECTS TOL EDUCATION REPORTS ARCHIVES HOME PAGE   Subscribe Now Advertise on TOL Free Newsletter select country Albania Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Estonia Georgia Hungary Kazakhstan Kosovo Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Poland Romania Russia Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Tajikistan Turkmenistan Ukraine Uzbekistan Central Europe & Baltics Czech Republic Estonia Hungary Latvia Lithuania Poland Slovakia Eastern Europe & Russia Belarus Moldova Russia Ukraine Southeastern Europe Albania Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Kosovo Macedonia Montenegro Romania Serbia Slovenia Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Mongolia Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Caucasus Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Around the Bloc Arts & Culture Books Conflict & Diplomacy Economy & Business Education Environment Media Opinion People Politics Society Archives Reports Multimedia Media Training TOL Store Jobs Contact us About TOL Submission Guidelines  RSS feeds  Facebook  Twitter back  |  print Fog of Doubt Hovers Over Bishkek Air Tragedy Some question whether the plane that crashed, killing nearly 40, was only making a refueling stop at Manas airport as claimed. 2 February 2017 The crash of a 747 cargo plane that killed 35 Kyrgyzstani villagers along with the four crew members remains shrouded in mystery. Questions have been raised about the Turkish flight’s cargo and the seemingly contradictory statements made by officials and the flight operator. Much of the furor comes from a vocal critic of the government, raising yet more questions about the tragedy being exploited for political ends.   The crash occurred during heavy fog on 16 January as the plane, which was flying from Hong Kong to Istanbul, attempted to land at Manas airport, near Bishkek. At least 15 buildings were destroyed when the plane plowed through a village outside the airport, the BBC reported. The Boeing 747 craft was operated by Turkey’s ACT Airlines under the name MyCargo.   The deputy chairman of the parliamentary commission probing the crash shared with RFE/RL his doubts about the vague initial explanations for why the plane was trying to land at Manas.   "Some goods found at the crash site deepen our suspicions," Omurbek Tekebaev recently told RFE/RL's Kyrgyz service.   Tekebaev is the leader of the socialist opposition Ata Meken party.   Fragments of iPhones, luxury cigarette lighters, and other electronic goods littered the crash site, RFE’s correspondent on the scene said. User manuals in Kyrgyz were also among the wreckage. The commission is trying to unpick the final destination of the 86 tons of cargo the plane was carrying.   The commission is undecided on "whether or not we believe there are smuggling or corruption schemes at the airport," Tekebaev said.   MyCargo and government officials have said the landing in Bishkek was only for refueling and a crew change, and that no cargo was to be unloaded.   According to the president of Manas Management, the owner of the airport’s cargo center, some of the goods may have been destined to arrive in Kyrgyzstan on a return flight from Istanbul.     The cargo manifest said that 1.6 tons of goods were meant for Kyrgyzstan, and it would not make economic sense to unload such a small consignment at Manas, Asan Toktosunov told the 24.kg news agency.   “As for manuals in the Kyrgyz language, I do not know how they got there. They could [have been] thrown into the scene, or the owners of the houses had them. It is not excluded that the goods could turn out to be in Bishkek in the end,” Toktosunov said.   Lighters similar to those found at the crash site have previously been imported by MyCargo, 24.kg says.     Late in 2016 Kyrgyzstan’s president, Almazbek Atambaev, admitted he had personally intervened to stop a TV channel controlled by Tekebaev from being accredited for his year-end press conference, IWPR reported.   This week, Tekebaev and Prime Minister Sooronbay Jeenbekov got into a shouting match during a session of parliament, and Ata Meken began canvassing for a no-confidence vote against the government. Compiled by Ky Krauthamer We've always strived to be closer to our readers. If you have any suggestions for making TOL even better, please share your ideas with us by filling out this form. back  |  print MULTIMEDIA PROJECTS The Moldovan Diaries is a multimedia, interactive examination of the country's ethnic, religious, social and political identities by Paolo Paterlini and Cesare De Giglio. This innovative approach to story telling gives voice to ordinary people and takes the reader on the virtual trip across Moldovan rural and urban landscapes.  It is a unique and intimate map of the nation. RELATED ARTICLES LifeNews Accidentally Tells the Truth Before they realized it was a civilian craft, pro-Russia rebels bragged about downing a plane.  18 July 2014 Poland's Body Blow With many top political figures gone and presidential elections looming, a traumatized country struggles to collect its thoughts.12 April 2010 © Transitions Online 2017. All rights reserved. ISSN 1214-1615 Published by Transitions o.s., Baranova 33, 130 00 Prague 3, Czech Republic.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AMZN Snapchat IPO Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > The Surprise Sector That’s Leading Off the New Year Financials have become the unexpected market leader By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Jan 4, 2011, 9:00 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Trade of the Day: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock No Longer a Home Run The Dow Jones Industrial Average Says the Bull Market Is Still On The S&P 500 Forecasts Good Times Ahead Recent Posts: The S&P 500 Holds in the Face of Uncertainty Trade of the Day: Canadian National Railway (USA) (CNI) Stock Going Full Steam Ahead The S&P 500 Forecasts Good Times Ahead View All Posts Stocks started off the year yesterday with an enthusiastic rally that drove the major indices to new highs and the biggest gain in more than a month. Financial stocks were the best stock picks and led the rally with a gain of 2.3% with Bank of America (NYSE: BAC) climbing 6.4%. The financial giant said that it will take a provision of about $3 billion in Q4 to buy back loans from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae that had been issued by Countrywide Financial. Alcoa Inc. (NYSE: AA) and The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA) also pushed the Dow industrials ahead with Alcoa gaining 2.7% and BA up 1.8%. Both stocks rose as a result of upgrades from Wall Street analysts. In corporate news, Barnes & Noble (NYSE: BKS) jumped 9% after saying that its preliminary holiday same-store sales rose 9.7%. The Clorox Company (NYSE: CLX) was hit with a 2.7% decline due to weaker sales of household products that caused fiscal Q2 earnings to fall below analysts’ estimates. In economic news, construction spending for November increased by 0.4%, which was above the consensus of a 0.2% increase, and the third consecutive monthly increase. The ISM manufacturing index for December improved to 57 from 56.6. Treasury yields rose to 3.3344% on the benchmark 10-year note, a continuation of a rise in rates that began in October. The euro fell to $1.3351 versus $1.3370 on Friday. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 93 points to 11,671, the S&P 500 gained 14 points at 1,272, and the Nasdaq jumped 39 points to 2,692. The NYSE traded less than 1.2 billion shares with advancers over decliners by 2.8-to-1. The Nasdaq crossed 502 million shares with advancers there ahead by over 3-to-1. Crude oil for delivery in February rose 17 cents to $91.55 a barrel, and the Energy Select Sector SPDR (NYSE: XLE) closed at $68.76, up 3 cents. February gold fell $6.80 to $1,416.10 an ounce. The PHLX Gold/Silver Sector Index (NASDAQ: XAU) closed at 223.75, down 2.83 points. What the Markets Are Saying Yesterday’s trading opened with a bang, up about 90 Dow points in three minutes, while the remainder of the day was spent supporting the opening move and adding about 40 more points, which eroded by reason of profit-taking on the close. But it was a wonderful, if not expected, opening for the new year.   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2011/01/the-surprise-sector-thats-leading-off-the-new-year/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Consider Selling as Fear Returns to the Market World's 3 Worst ETFs Alibaba Stock Has a Secret Weapon 3 BRICs Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 Big M&A Deals That We Could See in 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Sell as Fear Returns to the Market The 3 Worst ETFs in the World A Trade War With China Puts These Stocks at Risk 3 BRICS Buys That Play Banking, Buying and … Beef? Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Isn’t As Tasty It Looks Most Popular 5 Stocks to Buy to Defy a Weak February The Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for February Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Should Expect Fireworks Soon 3 “Left for Dead” Stocks Making a Comeback The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for Big Emerging Markets Profits 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Lockheed: Mano a Mano for Air Force T-X Contract? By Paul Ausick February 2, 2017 8:50 am EST Print Email Tweet Just last week one of five potential bidders dropped out of the race for a $16 billion U.S. Air Force contract to supply 350 new T-X training jets. On Wednesday, another potential bidder did the same thing. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NYSE: NOC) and its partner BAE Systems said in a brief statement: “The companies have decided not to submit a proposal for the T-X Trainer program, as it would not be in the best interest of the companies and their shareholders.” Raytheon Corp. (NYSE: RTN) and its Italy-based partner Leonardo pulled out last week after the two companies could not agree on the business details of their partnership. The Northrop decision leaves just Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) as the remaining confirmed bidders on for the contract, although privately held Sierra Nevada is said to be working on an entry, and Textron Inc. (NYSE: TXT) may be looking at doing so as well. Perhaps the most interesting thing about Northrop Grumman’s decision is that the company has already spent money developing a flying prototype. Although the company offered no details, it is possible that the Air Force’s final request for proposal in December included a requirement that the Northrop plane doesn’t meet and can’t meet without costly rework. And cost is becoming what this competition is all about. President Donald Trump has made it clear that he is watching spending and is prepared to hammer defense contractors whose costs he believes are too high. Both the Raytheon and Northrop planes were based on existing designs and were believed to be aiming at a low-cost target. Of the remaining competitors, Boeing has offered a clean-sheet design, while Lockheed Martin is going with a modified version of Korea’s T-50. Sierra Nevada has been reported to be considering a modified Turkish plane, but neither it nor Textron is willing to say definitively whether it either will submit a bid. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Merrill Lynch Out With Top Sector Picks for 2017: 7 to Buy Now Why Merck’s Q4 Earnings Aren’t Enough for Investors » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, U.S. Department of Defense, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT), Northrop Grumman Corp (NYSE:NOC), Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), Textron, Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's 15 Fastest Growing Companies The Best and Worst States to Grow Old 7 Dirt Cheap S&P 500 Value Stocks for Massive Upside Potential for 2017 and 2018 States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes Recent Snapchat’s IPO Filing View: Losses Galore and No Shareholder Voting Rights Why FireEye Shares Are at All-Time Lows After Earnings (Hint: It’s Ugly) Why Amgen Earnings Are So Incredible Why Visa Won Big on Q1 Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things to Watch When Activision Blizzard Reports Earnings GoPro Drops on a Mixed Holiday Quarter, Disappointing Guidance 4 Reasons To Avoid Under Armour Inc. Stock Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 Ralph Lauren (RL) Stock Falls as CEO Announces Leave FireEye Stock Slumps After Q4 Earnings Report Bartosiak: Trading Mallinckrodt's (MNK) Earnings with Options U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies Hong Kong Shares Fall For 4th Session on China Policy Surprise Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Job Growth Seen Picking Up Speed in January How The Fast-Food Chain Led By Trump's Labor Nominee Stiffed Workers Again And Again Disney CEO Will Miss Meeting With Trump Amid Backlash Over Travel Bans Snap Makes $3 Billion IPO Details Public Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING SUBMIT NEWS SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US UPDATE DAILY UPDATE BREAKING NEWS NEWS NEWS HEADLINES NEWS BRIEFS BUSINESS HEADLINES TRUE CRIME CHUPACABRA SPORTS SPORTS HEADLINES VIEW BY SPORT... BASEBALL BASKETBALL CROSS COUNTRY FOOTBALL GOLF POWERLIFTING RODEO SOCCER SOFTBALL SWIMMING TRACK VOLLEYBALL WCMSPORTS.COM FRIDAY NIGHT RESULTS OBITUARIES OPINION OPINION COLUMNS COLUMNS BY AUTHOR... RACEY BURDEN JOY CARRICO ROY J. EATON RICHARD GREENE JAKE HARRIS GERRE JOINER BRIAN KNOX ERIKA PEDROZA ED STERLING KRISTEN TRIBE DAVID TALLEY LETTERS TO THE EDITOR EDITORIAL CARTOONS LIFESTYLE WEDDINGS, ENGAGEMENTS & ANNIVERSARIES NEW ARRIVALS EDUCATION EDUCATION HEADLINES HONOR ROLLS YOUTH SPOKEN PHOTOS/VIDEOS PHOTO FEATURES PHOTO REPRINTS VIDEO DIGITAL SUBSCRIBERS READ LATEST EDITION SPECIAL SECTIONS ALL AROUND WISE COLUMNS & BLOGS AG NEWS FOCUS ON 4H GARDENER'S MAILBAG LIFE IS KID'S STUFF LIFE MATTERS MOM'S THE WORD MOVIE MAN TRUE CRIME WISE NOTES OPINION COLUMNS Close loopholes in the state Public Information Act By SEN. Kirk Watson and REP. Giovanni Capriglione | Published Saturday, January 28, 2017 After the Sharpstown fraud and bribery scandal rocked the Texas Capitol in the early 1970s, Texans opted to “throw the rascals out” and elect a reform-minded Legislature to clean up the mess. A cornerstone of the 63rd Legislature’s reform agenda was the Public Information Act of 1973, which empowered the people to see what their government officials were doing and hold them accountable. Lawmakers clearly stated that the public’s right to know, in most cases, should prevail over other interests because information is key to accountability. But the Texas Supreme Court ignored this fundamental principle of the law and overlooked decades of prior interpretations when deciding two recent cases regarding public information: Boeing v. Paxton and Greater Houston Partnership v. Paxton. In both cases, the Court chose to protect the interests of private entities that benefit from public funds over the rights of the people. The press and various watchdog groups raised the alarm when these opinions were released in 2015. But now that the 85th Legislature is in session, it’s incredibly important that Texans understand what is at stake, too. Every year our state and local governments enter into thousands of contracts with private entities such as engineers, accountants, road-builders, foster care agencies, food service providers, IT companies, social service groups and so many more. These contracts, which together are worth billions, dictate what we as the taxpayers will pay, what we’ll receive in return and who’ll reap the financial benefit. And now, in many instances, those contracts can be kept hidden from those of us who are picking up the tab. This process is ripe for abuse, as we’ve seen time and again from recent contracting scandals. Has a company failed to deliver on-time and on-budget? Has a state or local official struck a self-serving deal? People will generally behave better if they know someone could be watching. To be good watchdogs, the public must first be able to see government contracts. Increasingly, these court decisions are being used to shield basic information that would have been released before. In 2016, the state Attorney General’s Office ruled in about 600 cases that information may be withheld under the competitive bidding exception; that’s compared with about 250 in 2014, the year prior to the Supreme Court ruling. We’re not talking about protecting a company’s trade secrets here – those are covered elsewhere in the Public Information Act. Examples of withheld information have been well-documented and include how much McAllen paid Enrique Iglesias to perform in a holiday parade; how many licenses Houston issued to Uber; and how public money is spent by the Greater Fort Bend Economic Development Council on behalf of local cities, schools and special districts. In each of these cases, the public is now unable to trace public funds. Unfortunately, we can only expect this problem to get worse as more private businesses and public entities try to push the bounds of what can be withheld under these rulings. At the same time, state and local governments are increasingly outsourcing public services. In fact, Boeing and Greater Houston Partnership create a perverse incentive to channel public money through private entities in order to avoid disclosure. If you think this sounds like the next Sharpstown scandal waiting to happen, you’re on the right track. The good news is the Legislature will soon have an opportunity to close the loopholes the Court created in Boeing and Greater Houston Partnership, and we have filed legislation to do just that. We hope Texans will appreciate the need for this legislation and encourage its adoption. Only then can we restore government accountability and avoid the kind of scandal that led to the Public Information Act’s passage in the first place. Sen. Kirk Watson (D-Austin), an attorney, is a former mayor of Austin and is serving his sixth term in the Texas Senate. His priorities center on education, health care, transportation, budget transparency and state employees. Rep. Giovanni Capriglione (R-Keller), the owner of a venture capital firm specializing in small business, is in his third term. Among his priorities are public education, state finance and government transparency and accountability. Leave a Reply. Note: As of March 24, 2011, all posted comments will include the users full name. WCMessenger.com News and Blog Comment Guidelines Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Login Username Password Remember Me Register| Forgot Password? Recent Letters Recent Opinion Don’t call me discriminating Change not illegal, but unethical Contemplating a long four years Imprisonment is not the answer Oil at center of Trump/Russia entanglement Trump will preserve country Apathy wins 2016 Burden’s column gives hope Blame DNC for Trump’s victory End of the world is near MORE LETTERS... Don’t be distracted from state issues Close loopholes in the state Public Information Act All about that bike: Love him or hate him, Armstrong still significant to sport Slow days at the coffee shop Despite all odds, Perry dances his way to D.C. Marches come one day after inauguration of new president Criticism: it’s part of the presidential package You don’t get what you don’t pay for Which path will we choose? Texas Legislature convenes in 85th regular session MORE OPINION... © 2017 Wise County Messenger | PO Box 149, 115 South Trinity | Decatur, Texas 76234 | 940-627-5987 | E-mail webmaster@wcmessenger.com
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Budget 2017 Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Mumbai Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events Elections 2017 ALL News » City News » Mumbai News » Indian Navy gets air enclave at Santa Cruz Indian Navy gets air enclave at Santa CruzNarayan Namboodiri | TNN | Feb 2, 2017, 07.45 PM IST MUMBAI: Vice Admiral Girish Luthra, Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Western Naval Command, inaugurated the Indian Naval Air Enclave, Santa Cruz (NAE Scz) at Santa Cruz on Wednesday. The new Indian Naval Air Enclave has a big hangar and a large dispersal, on land owned by the Navy, adjacent to the Runway and the taxi track. This is a significant development from the point of view of Naval Operations, since, it now provides Indian Navy, capability to stage through all types of fixed wing aircraft held in the Naval Inventory including the highly potent and versatile Boeing P8I Long Range Maritime Reconnaissance (LRMR) aircraft. This gives a major boost to the surveillance and offensive measures on the areas of interest in the Western Seaboard. P8I LRMR aircraft are presently operating from their base at Arakkonam, near Chennai. With the operationalization of the NAE at Santa Cruz, the Indian Navy can operate the P8I's from this enclave thereby enabling them to operate for longer durations in the Arabian Sea resulting in vast area coverage. In his address, Vice Admiral Girish Luthra complimented the efforts of all those involved in creating this facility. He said that the city of Mumbai and Indian Navy have had long standing relations which were not restricted to the Dockyard or harbour areas. He amplified that, decades ago, naval helicopters and Super Constellation surveillance aircrafts operated from the same airport. He thanked, among others, Airport Authority of India, MIAL, CISF, Air India, contractorsand Military Engineering Service for their support and co-operation in operationalizing this facility and solicited their continued support and cooperation in the future. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap More from The Times of India Yuzvendra Chahal's 6/25 the best for India in T20Is Donald Trump: August 2014: When Donald Trump visited Pune Donald Trump: GOP finally falls in line with Donald Trump From the Web More From The Times of India Help single mother save her baby daughter!Milaap Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Promote content on Times of India networkColombia Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In BollywoodBollywoodUnion 10 most breathtaking highways of the worldCrazyFreelancer Indian-American gets key White House post Google CEO slams Donald Trump's immigration order NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular H-1B overhaul: IT companies see costs rise, dearth of skilled workers H-1B visa reform bill introduced in US House of Representatives All withdrawal limits for current account holders removed Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Ad: Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai UP polls: Akhilesh Yadav slams PM Modi, says failed to deliver 'achhe din' Addressing a rally in Muzaffarnagar’s Khatauli on Thursday, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav minced no words and took a dig at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Union Budget 2017, which was presented yesterday, saying none of the budgets got people to see ‘Acche Din’. He further voiced out the exact same words as Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi and said the Budget was damp and had nothing for the welfare of the farmers and common masses. Overcoming unrest, girl from Burhan Wani's school shines in board exams After securing second position in Class 10th examination, Shahera Bhat from Dardsara Tral hamlet in South Kashmir's Pulwama district has yet again proved her mettle by becoming a topper in Class-12th Board examination. From around the Web Top 10 highest paid cricketers in the world CRITICSUNION Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer More From The Times of India Australian PM says not sure how many refugees US will accept Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read MoreWestern Naval CommandMilitary Engineering ServiceIndian NavyAir Indiaair Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Mumbai Mumbai Travel Guide How to reach Mumbai Get to know Mumbai Hotels in Mumbai Restaurants in Mumbai Places to visit in Mumbai Things to do in Mumbai Shopping in Mumbai Nightlife in Mumbai Weekend getaways from Mumbai Itineraries Mumbai Map Mumbai Photos Haunted Places in Mumbai Beaches In Mumbai Download Mumbai Travel Guide Mumbai To Goa Flights Mumbai To Bangalore Flights Mumbai To Kolkata Flights From our Global Partners Budget leaves Bollywood feeling high & dry Why dengue turns fatal for patients with second infection Police seek BMC nod to prosecute Kapil Sharma, Irrfan Khan Autos go off road to protest assault on driver in Mira Road 1Indian Navy gets air enclave at Santa Cruz 2Budget leaves Bollywood feeling high & dry 3Why dengue turns fatal for patients with second infection 4Police seek BMC nod to prosecute Kapil Sharma, Irrfan Khan 5Autos go off road to protest assault on driver in Mira Road About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Updates: UP Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Expectations Union Budget 2017 Income Tax Rate Cut Live Updates: Budget 2017 Income Tax Rate Cut  Live Updates: Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Highlights Live:Punjab Election 2017 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, February 3, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 20°F Cloudy Friday, February 3, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Jim Dey: A tale of two economies share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Jim Dey: A tale of two economies Thu, 02/02/2017 - 7:00am | Jim Dey Photo by: Ron Johnson/Peoria Journal Star/AP Caterpillar's global headquarters is shown Tuesday in downtown Peoria. The company announced Tuesday that it is moving its headquarters to the Chicago area. Hear more from Dey Friday at 9 on WDWS. Two years ago — February 2015 — Peoria boosters were ecstatic about Caterpillar's plans to build a new corporate headquarters downtown — a 31-acre, multimillion-dollar spread that would take almost a decade to complete. Company officials said the headquarters would not only meet the company needs for many years to come, but reaffirm Cat's commitment to Peoria as its home base. "We are truly blessed," Mayor Jim Ardis said. Flash forward to February 2017, and things have changed significantly. In light of financial setbacks, Caterpillar not only has officially scrapped its plans for a new corporate headquarters in Peoria, but also announced that it's moving it to Chicago, an international city that provides easier reach to its worldwide base of customers. Ardis was distraught over the turn of events. "There's no one trying to make a whole lot of lemonade out of the very difficult news we heard today," he said. "This is definitely a kick in the gut." Cat's new CEO, Jim Umpleby, tried to put the best face on the move, saying that the company's commitment to Peoria will remain "very, very strong." He noted roughly 300 executives will be leaving, but that Cat will still maintain a local workforce of about 12,000. Acknowledging the news is "disappointing," Umpleby described the company's decision as "the right thing for Caterpillar to do in the long term." The company's announcement comes on the heels of an earlier disclosure that it's considering moving 800 jobs out of the Aurora area, sending some to Decatur but others to North Little Rock, Ark. If that plan comes to fruition, Cat's Aurora employment would fall from 2,000 to 1,200. Cat is hardly the only major company to consider Chicago and its worldwide transportation hub an ideal location. Boeing, Conagra and ADM have also made the move to Chicago. Cat's shift from central Illinois to Chicago demonstrates once again the state's different economic trajectories. Illinois may be a failing, effectively bankrupt entity as a whole, trailing all of its neighbors in economic growth. But the Chicago-area economy continues to expand while the rest of the state is faltering. Dating back to the recession that began in 2008, statistics reveal that the Chicago area is up by 110,000 jobs while the rest of the state has lost 42,000 jobs. Over the past year, state job data show, Illinois has added 30,800 jobs, a total reached by adding the 33,500 jobs Chicago gained and subtracting the 2,700 jobs lost in the rest of the state. A recent report by Moody's Analytics contends that "Illinois is one of the Midwest's weakest links, reflecting both the soft job creation and the state's descent into fiscal quicksand." Even the good news reflects disturbing trends, Moody's reported. "The jobless rate has resumed its descent after rising late last year into early 2016, but much of the decline owes to a sharp drop in the labor force and population losses," the report states. Champaign-Urbana, so far at least, has been exempt from the fallout. But some of its neighbors are on the verge or already have fallen into the equivalent of a recession. Moody's stated that the economic recoveries of Elgin, Danville, Decatur and Kankakee are at the risk of coming undone. Four other significant metro areas in the state have already succumbed to recession — Bloomington, Carbondale, Peoria and the Quad Cities. Illinois' economic troubles are nothing new. In 2012, then-Cat CEO Doug Oberhelman wrote in a commentary that the state's continued failure to foster an environment that encourages economic growth will haunt the state. He noted that Cat hasn't opened a new factory in years, dramatically cutting its Illinois-based workforce while expanding in other states like Texas. During the four years since Oberhelman wrote his article, Illinois lost 12,500 manufacturing jobs. At the same time, Michigan gained 73,000 manufacturing jobs, Indiana 44,000, Kentucky 29,000 and Wisconsin 21,000. Moody's said those job losses hurt the non-Chicago area more than the Windy City itself because Chicago "relies much more on service industries for growth." Why is job growth in Illinois falling "well short of the U.S. average," as Moody's states? Oberhelman cited two problems in particular — the state's financial woes, including high taxes and budget chaos, and excessive workers' compensation costs as compared with other states'. Noting that "business leaders are making decisions now on where to invest in the future," Oberhelman said, "Illinois must act now, with a bipartisan sense of urgency, to position itself for future job creation that is being discussed in boardrooms all across the country." Since then, of course, little action to address the state's economic problems has been taken. All of Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner's proposals to jump-start the state's lagging economy have been rejected by the Democratic-controlled General Assembly. Clearly, House Speaker Michael Madigan, despite some recent words to the contrary, feels no sense of urgency to address budget and economic issues. In the meantime, more people who earn higher incomes are leaving the state while fewer people earning less money are moving in. That's a poor prescription for the kind of economic growth needed to generate natural revenue increases that fund government programs. But it's entirely consistent with our state-elected officials' long-standing policy of fiddling while Illinois burns. Jim Dey, a member of The News-Gazette staff, can be reached at jdey@news-gazette.com or 217-351-5369. Sections (2):News, Local Topics (2):Economy, Politics and Government More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale More Local 1 dead in fire at Danville group home for veterans Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Man wanted in October shooting in Urbana arrested Urbana man charged with having heroin for sale Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments #1 sanjuan wrote 18 hours 11 min ago Let's not forget though, that Caterpillar has made some boneheaded business decisions in the past ten years.  Spending nearly $9-Billion for Bucyrus surprised most analyists, some of whome felt the company was worth about half of that.  Nearly everyone involved in that decisioon is now gone, but Cat is sadlled with the bad decisions and employees are paying the price.  Login or register to post comments #2 David Green wrote 13 hours 59 min ago Oh please. Oberhelman and his Business Roundtable cronies support policies to make the rich richer and the poor poorer. So does Rauner. Nothing that Rauner and Oberhelman want will "jump start" the downstate economy. It's just predatory one percent nonsense from beginning to end, to the detriment of the working class. The solution to our states budgetary and economic issues begins with taxing the rich and supporting government-funded projects and services. Only that will create the demand for the so-called "business climate." Login or register to post comments Latest News Champaign man charged with burglary, theft Workers contributing more to, borrowing less from 401(k)s Productivity slows to 1.3% annual rate in 4th quarter The latest: Inmates used 'sharp instruments' to take prison The latest: Official details Trump's call with Australian leader Yemeni officials say U.S. warships fired on al-Qaida positions Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches Trump puts Iran 'on notice' after ballistic missile test White House calls Trump comments on Mexico 'lighthearted' Breitbart editor's Berkeley talk canceled amid violent protest More Local News Most Viewed News UPDATED: Lovie, assistants speak after 2017 class signing Davis throws support behind Trump move Accused's friend says fatal shooting 'a surprise to me' At least 1 injured in Champaign rollover Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours Most Commented News Davis throws support behind Trump move Immigration ban: 'We just needed a change' UI professors among those to denounce Trump's order Central students to wear hijabs in solidarity with classmates Trump's order leaves three Iranian UI students in limbo Trending Now Accused's friend says fatal shooting 'a surprise to me' Champaign Wal-Mart no longer open 24 hours Accident clogs I-74 in Champaign Central students to wear hijabs in solidarity with classmates UPDATED: Lovie, assistants speak after 2017 class signing Danville students promote alternative prom Marcus Jackson/About Town: 'He's a true Maroon' Crash results in DUI arrest, I-74 backup Trump's order leaves three Iranian UI students in limbo Alvin house fire: 'They all loved playing here' Probation for former state trooper Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Friday, February 3, 2017  |  Jumada Al Ula 6, 1438 UAE Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Courts Education Environment Government Heroes Health Heritage National Day Science Genes in Space Technology Tourism Louvre Abu Dhabi Transport Fatima Al Marzouqi, head of Mubadala’s education and training division, at the Al Mamoura building in Abu Dhabi. Christopher Pike / The National Portrait of a Nation: Emirati whose personal goal is to help others achieve theirs Roberta Pennington February 2, 2017 Updated: February 2, 2017 07:42 PM Related Portrait of a Nation: Success is sweet for ‘Mr Insulin’ UAE Portrait of a Nation: child hotline chief desperate to protect kids from divorce trauma Portrait of a Nation: ‘The arts tell us the truth’ UAE Portrait of a Nation: Emirati artist’s talent is not black and white Related Portrait of a Nation: Success is sweet for ‘Mr Insulin’ UAE Portrait of a Nation: child hotline chief desperate to protect kids from divorce trauma Portrait of a Nation: ‘The arts tell us the truth’ UAE Portrait of a Nation: Emirati artist’s talent is not black and white The biog Name: Fatima Al Marzouqi Title: Head of Mubadala’s education and training division Age: 34 Status: Married Goal: “To have a positive impact. I really want to change people’s lives. This is something I will do all my life.” Advice to young professionals: “Regardless of anything that might be a factor that could push you back from reaching what you really want to do or contribute to this country, you have to fight for your ambition.” ABU DHABI // Fatima Al Marzouqi is helping to steer the next generation of Emiratis toward careers in science, technology, engineering and maths (Stem). As head of Mubadala’s education and training division, she plays a crucial and direct role in developing academic programmes that introduce pupils to Stem and professional training opportunities that offer students and recent graduates hands-on experience with major engineering and manufacturing companies at home and abroad. In the nearly 12 years that she has worked for the Abu Dhabi investment and development company, Ms Al Marzouqi’s greatest source of pride comes from witnessing the achievements – professional and personal – of pupils and recruits guided by Mubadala’s programmes. "From the beginning I saw lots of people growing and becoming very successful," she says. "When I see myself, that I had a small role in that, that I affected those people and I am being a part of their lives, I really feel happy." Over the years, Mubadala has teamed up with Abu Dhabi Education Council and private companies such as Boeing, Lockheed Martin, BAE Systems, Airbus Middle East and the Manufacturing Institute to stage workshops and competitions in schools that introduce pupils to science and engineering concepts and design challenges. Some engineering students have also had the opportunity to spend 18 weeks as interns in aerospace firms in the UAE and overseas. Professionals still early in their career have also benefited from Mubadala’s education and training programmes. Generation Space, in partnership with the UAE Space Agency and Lockheed Martin, offered young Emiratis the opportunity to travel to the United States to shadow American engineers and tour satellite production ­facilities. "Our main mission at Mubadala is to make sure we have sufficient high-quality talent to supply our industries," says Ms Al Marzouqi. "I need to make sure that we have the right recruits in the pipeline ready to join this workforce." After graduating from high school, Ms Al Marzouqi chose to enter the information technology programme at the Higher Colleges of Technology. The academic options at the time were "limited", and career counselling was lacking, she says. "There was no guidance, there was no one to tell us what are the career options when you go to each of these majors," she says. "I chose IT just without any reason. At that time, it was one of the difficult majors so I thought, OK, I like to be challenged so I will go and join this major." Early in her career, Ms Al Marzouqi faced some resistance from her parents, who expressed concern that their firstborn daughter, and eldest of seven children, was working long hours and may have been compromising her family life and traditions. "I had to have a lot of discussions with my father to convince him," says the 34-year-old. Determined to show her father the value of her job and the positive effect it had on her intellectual and personal growth, she invited him to join her on a few business trips. "After almost two years with this life experience, my father noticed how I was progressing," says Ms Al Marzouqi. "He’s now proud of me. He always says, ‘My daughter, you always make me happy when I see you progressing and achieving and being a successful contributor to this country’." As she comes across other promising young Emirati women who struggle to gain family support for pursuing academic or professional careers, Ms Al Marzouqi will invite the parents to information sessions and offer fathers the chance to join their daughters on excursions. "Working with the parents and the kids, I really feel good that I can help raise awareness of the importance of these careers for the country," she says. "I feel I’m making a difference in those people’s lives. I get my energy when I have these discussions with the parents and the kids." rpennington@thenational.ae Pages: Add your comment View all comments More UAE Latest Lest We Forget exhibit tells UAE’s history with tales and heirlooms Al Ain cultural events postponed because of bad weather Demand for desalinated water puts pressure on Gulf ecosystems Starving puppy with legs broken in fight for life at Dubai vet MOST VIEWED UAE | All Etisalat to offer data and minutes to UAE customers affected by service disruptions Abu Dhabi archaeologists unearth rare, well-preserved Stone Age house Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed meets with emir of Qatar UAE weather: Significant drop in temperature and chance of rain Dubai theme parks chief addresses customer complaints Winner of Genes in Space competition hopes to plant UAE flag on Mars Lion cub roams streets of Khalifa City A Dubai International Airport welcomes Air India’s first 787 Dreamliner from Kochi Starving puppy with legs broken in fight for life at Dubai vet Demand for desalinated water puts pressure on Gulf ecosystems More Most Viewed Etisalat to offer data and minutes to UAE customers affected by service disruptions Abu Dhabi archaeologists unearth rare, well-preserved Stone Age house Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed meets with emir of Qatar UAE weather: Significant drop in temperature and chance of rain Winner of Genes in Space competition hopes to plant UAE flag on Mars Dubai theme parks chief addresses customer complaints Sawiris raw as deal for Greek islands for refugees falls flat Half lion, half tiger: Meet the extremely rare liger that sleeps in his owner’s bed Big cats have no place in UAE villas Omanis call for government cap on fuel prices in first protest since 2011 More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Portrait of a Nation: Emirati whose personal goal is to help others achieve theirs Stormy conditions don’t put off adrenaline junkies at Sharjah Sports Desert Festival Latest Lest We Forget exhibit tells UAE’s history with tales and heirlooms Starving puppy with legs broken in fight for life at Dubai vet FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Dubai tenant wants lower rent on apartment facing construction, but landlord wants to raise it ADCB unveils digital age lender uBank About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Crawley Observer Search More Close ] News Your Say Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle Cars LETTER: Airport views are outdated Your views. 10:03 Thursday 02 February 2017 0 Have your say Sally Pavey’s totally one-sided and outdated views about Gatwick Airport and its case for expansion cannot go unchallenged (Major flaw in expansion plan, Opinion, Crawley Observer, 18 January 2017). Whether it is the airport’s passengers clogging up local trains and roads as claimed by Salley Pavey or the other way around is debatable. It is also arguable whether the apparent popularity of the Oyster card with local commuters travelling by train into London has more to do with the a lack of reasonably well-paying, local jobs rather than genuine popularity. However, as far as Gatwick’s inadequate rail access is concerned, the best way to ease the overcrowding on the existing railway line at peak times would be to build a second rail line linking Brighton with London that bypasses the bottleneck between Three Bridges and East Croydon. This would provide an alternative route for the many daily commuters between Brighton and London and would free capacity on the existing line for additional airport-related passengers. And with regard to inadequate road links, Sally Pavey should ask herself why the M23 stops where it joins the M25 south of Hooley rather than going all the way to London. As she should know, the reason that prevented that from happening was a lack of funding, mainly in response to local nimbyism. The notion that Gatwick’s passengers are one-off bucket and spade passengers, who all travel on low-cost flights and take money out of the UK is not only inaccurate but also outdated. Since the break-up of the old BAA airport monopoly in South East England, the new management at Gatwick has worked hard to improve its facilities and to attract well-reputed airlines that cater to both business and leisure passengers and use less environmentally damaging, state-of-the-art aircraft. This incidentally includes Gatwick’s three biggest low-cost airlines, easyJet, Norwegian and Ryanair. These airlines generally fly more modern aircraft and fill a higher proportion of their seats than their established rivals. Furthermore, the refusal by low-cost airlines to offer a traditional first or business class means that they use the space on their aircraft more efficiently, which in turn results in a lower carbon foot print per passenger compared with most established rivals. This is evidenced by a recent comparison of transatlantic airlines’ carbon foot print per passenger. In this comparison Norwegian, which exclusively uses latest-generation Boeing 787 Dreamliners on flights from Gatwick to the US, came out on top while BA, which still flies a large number of older generation Boeing 747s and 777s from Heathrow and Gatwick to the US, finished bottom. And far from being the preserve of the bucket and spade brigade, many businesses increasingly instruct their employees to choose low-cost airlines for business-related travel, especially for short-haul flights. Also, sterling’s recent fall against the US and Canadian dollar, the Euro, the Norwegian krone and major Asian currencies in the wake of Brexit has resulted in a marked increase in inbound travellers arriving at Gatwick, who are intent on spending more money during their stay in the UK . This not only refutes the assertion that all Gatwick passengers are outbound and take money out of the country, it also proves that these passengers are important drivers of our economy by injecting money into it that helps sustain a significant number of UK jobs, locally and further afield. Although I agree with Sally Pavey that the creation of local jobs by heritage sites along England’s South Coast makes a significant contribution to our region’s employment and wealth, this will be insufficient on its own to sustain the economy in the Gatwick Diamond region. There is nothing unusual about Gatwick making money from commercial concessions on its premises; it’s what all successful airports do. However, the unsubstantiated claim that all of this goes into the pockets of Gatwick’s owners without any benefit to local communities is simply untrue. The airport and its concessionaires are significant local rate payers to Crawley Borough Council, and the airport also supports many charitable courses in Crawley and beyond. Krishnan R Iyengar Crawley __ Don’t miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live. Here are four ways you can be sure you’ll be amongst the first to know what’s going on. 1) Make our website your homepage at www.crawleyobserver.co.uk 2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/crawleyobserver 3) Follow us on Twitter @Crawley_Obby 4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in’ (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here. And do share with your family and friends - so they don’t miss out! The Crawley Observer - always the first with your local news. Be part of it. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Crawley Observer means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Crawley Observer You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Crawley Observer Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Crawley Town Lifestyle What's On Education Sussex More from Crawley Observer Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Hacking into WhatsApp and Telegram is now easy thanks to network flaw By tech2 News Staff 18   Comments Samsung curved gaming monitor launched in India starting at Rs 35,000 By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Microsoft’s stripped-down ‘Windows 10 Cloud’ could be a ChromeOS alternative in the making By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Apple is building a custom ARM chip to handle low power tasks on future MacBooks: Report By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Atomic clocks on navigation satellites by Isro and ESA are failing, and nobody has an explanation By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Amazon Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub Donald Trump's immigration ban cost Silicon Valley billions in market cap Apple contemplates legal action against Donald Trump's immigration ban; to try other options first Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Amazon.com has planned about 200 flight per day at the new Cincinnati cargo hub #Amazon Image Credit: REUTERS 0   02 Feb 2017 , 12:32 Amazon.com Inc plans to schedule more than 200 flight departures and landings per day at a $1.49 billion cargo hub it is building near Cincinnati, the airport’s chief said in an interview on Wednesday, in a sign of the soaring ambitions of the online retailer. Amazon announced the airport project on Tuesday but gave few details. The flight estimate offers new insight into Amazon’s plan to handle shipping in-house, cut costs and speed packages to shoppers. It is written in the lease term sheet that Amazon and the airport expect to sign, said Candace McGraw, chief executive of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. The scale of the Cincinnati project suggests it will take on cargo airlines such as FedEx Corp and United Parcel Service Inc , said Marc Wulfraat, president of logistics consultancy MWPVL International Inc. Amazon has said its plane leases are designed to supplement, rather than replace its cargo partners. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment. “They’re going to become a full-fledged competitor to UPS,” Wulfraat said. The $1.49 billion investment could have bought Amazon six warehouses, but the e-commerce giant is instead making a longer-term move aimed at lowering shipping costs, he added. Amazon only has disclosed leasing 40 Boeing Co 767 planes to date, 16 of which are in operation. It has been building operations at smaller airports across the country. Amazon will lease 919 acres (372 hectares) from the airport, and the south lot it plans to build out first will have more than 100 parking spaces for planes, said Cincinnati airport’s McGraw. The world’s largest online retailer would have to contract dozens more planes worth billions of dollars at current list prices to fill its future hub’s parking spaces, and still more if it wants to operate routes that do not include Cincinnati. Amazon’s plane leases were for 10 years or less. The airport lease is for 50 years. The size and term of the deal has convinced McGraw that Amazon’s air cargo business is more than a trial service. “I have complete confidence they’re all in,” McGraw said. McGraw said she expected to finalise the term sheet with Amazon soon. Reuters Tags: Amazon, Boeing, Candace McGraw, cargo hub, Cincinnati, departure, FedEx, Landing, Marc Wulfraat, MWPVL, United Parcel Service, United States Also read Microsoft joins Amazon in supporting a lawsuit against Donald Trump’s order on immigration Amazon Prime teams up with Cinestaan to stream independent films X Recommended For You Donald Trump’s immigration ban cost Silicon Valley billions in market cap Apple contemplates legal action against Donald Trump’s immigration ban; to try other options first Amazon Prime teams up with Cinestaan to stream independent films Starbucks introduces a digital barista allowing consumers to place orders using voice commands Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #ZTE Feb 3, 2017 ZTE announces new Blade A2 Plus smartphone in India at Rs 11,999 #Apple Feb 3, 2017 Apple Patents some kind of wireless charging apparatus for its Watch; battery to be included in strap #Samsung Feb 3, 2017 Samsung to source batteries from Japanese manufacturer for the Galaxy S8 #MWC 2017 Feb 3, 2017 MWC 2017: The Snapdragon 835-powered Sony Xperia Z5 Premium might not be announced #Samsung Feb 3, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 gets January security patch with Samsung Pay app SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS America's 6th Generation Fighter Jets of the Future by Scott N. Romaniuk Trento, Italy (SPX) Feb 01, 2017 The 5th generation fighter has made great strides in commanding the battlespace, however 6th generation fighter jets will build on existing technology and integrate them to capitalize on unique combinations and applications of sophisticated technology for flight, stealth/detection, and engagement/defense. America's 6th generation fighter jets will probably be the real game changer over its predecessor, the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), that in spite of repeated setbacks (often referred to as a "nightmare" with its unsavory "bug" list) stands as a strong portend for offensive and defensive platforms. Just a handful of countries have 6th generation fighter jet concepts. Fighters jets, just a single generation from now, will be hypersonic attacks aircraft, nuclear capable, able to achieve Mach 6, have stealth technology, heightened autonomous characteristics, prepared for advanced "electronic/cyber warfare," and be coated in "smart skin." According to some conceptual designs, features like super cruise technology means afterburner would not be needed to achieve supersonic speeds. The US in addition to it potential military adversaries like Russia and China poised to accelerate fighter jet evolution, combining application with ideas that appear to be right out of a Sci-Fi film. The US' Boeing F/A-XX (not to mention Lockheed Martin's spy/strike design known as the SR-72) diamond-shaped, tailless super stealth 6th generation fighter jet is the answer to Russia's progressive moves in aerial technology, and China's current endeavors with its Chengdu J-20 "Mighty Dragon" and Shenyang J-31. Although the US' current 5th generation fighters retain superiority in multiple ways over anything that its potential enemies could put into the air, efforts to introduce the next generation fighter by 2035 are underway. While these fighters are still in their conceptual development phases, much of what developers have witnessed in the F-22 and F-35 have served as critical stepping-stones for future development. A number of aircraft are slowly being phased-out with the view to new generation jets replacing them. Even though they boast impressive platforms, they lack the ability to completely replace the capabilities of aged designs. With a view to replace existing fighters and leap-frogging the 5th generation F-35 JSF, the US also has a view to replacing its B-52 with a new strategic long-range strike bomber that could enter into service in the next 20 years. Development of a new long range and heavy strategic bomber raises questions about the necessity of extensive and expensive research and development (R and D) particularly when the modern battlefield has shown little sign of necessitating such a military instrument. The US Navy (USN) wants to upgrade its fleet of aircraft in the next 25 years with new versions of existing 5th generation fighter aircraft and sophisticated variants of older models with jamming capabilities not unlike Russia's Sukhoi SU-35S Flanker-E. The 5th generation fighter has made great strides in commanding the battlespace, however 6th generation fighter jets will build on existing technology and integrate them to capitalize on unique combinations and applications of sophisticated technology for flight, stealth/detection, and engagement/defense. While the 6th generation models could also feature laser weapons and fly entirely on their own, they represent an entirely new generation of technological thinking. Major increases in communications technology means if the unit were not unmanned, connection with satellites in real-time would be possible. The new aircraft would be the first to demonstrate full battlefield dominance, conducting operations from the air while maintaining complete connectivity with other military platforms - creating a new hyper-dimensional approach to warfighting. With 6th generation fighters, the US will not only be able to ensure air superiority but also ground superiority. They will be the intricate pieces of achieving full spectrum dominance of the battlezone. However, debates have begun over the necessity of an entirely new generation of technology and of a 6th generation fighter when Russia' Sukhoi has yet to deliver its PAK-FAs to the Russian Air Force. With aging F/A-18E/F platforms and Lockheed Martin's F-22 Raptor incapable of replacing the US Air Forces' (USAF) F-15C Eagle legacy aircraft, concepts for 6th generation jets will be the type of program to keep the US moving forward, beyond its current F-22 and F-35 - already described as legacy systems by the high-level defense officials in the US. Scott N. Romaniuk is a Doctoral Researcher in International Studies (University of Trento). His research focuses on asymmetric warfare, counterterrorism, international security, and the use of force. He is the editor of Insurgency and Counterinsurgency in Modern War (2015), The Future of US Warfare (2017), and The Palgrave Handbook of Global Countererrorism Policy (2017). Comment on this article using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. . Related Links Aerospace News Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Tweet Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Previous Report Pentagon chief orders review of F-35 fighter program Washington (AFP) Jan 27, 2017 US Secretary of Defense James Mattis has ordered a review of the Lockheed Martin F-35 stealth fighter program after President Donald Trump assailed its $400 billion price tag, the Pentagon announced Friday. At the same time, Mattis ordered a similar review of the $4 billion cost for developing a new aircraft for the US president, Air Force One, the ultra-high-tech and secure 747 built by Boe ... read more Progress MS-03 cargo spacecraft to reenter January 31 Scientists and students tackle omics at NASA workshop Airbus delivers propulsion test module for the Orion programme to NASA Mister Trump Goes to Washington ISRO tests C25 Cryogenic Upper Stage of GSLV MkIII Major review completed for SLS Exploration Upper Stage NASA sounding rocket launches into Alaskan night SmallGEO's first flight reaches orbit Commercial Crew's Role in Path to Mars Similar-Looking Ridges on Mars Have Diverse Origins Opportunity marks 13 years of ground operations on Mars Bursts of methane may have warmed early Mars China looks to Mars, Jupiter exploration China's first cargo spacecraft to leave factory China launches commercial rocket mission Kuaizhou-1A China Space Plan to Develop "Strength and Size" Space, Ukrainian-style: Through Crisis to Revival ESA Planetary Science Archive gets a new look Iridium-1 NEXT Launched on a Falcon 9 Shaping the Future: Aerospace Works to Ensure an Informed Space Policy NASA's New Shape-Shifting Radiator Inspired by Origami Space Traffic Management Japan 'space junk' collector in trouble NASA studies cosmic radiation to protect high-altitude travelers New planet imager delivers first science at Keck First footage of a living stylodactylid shrimp filter-feeding at depth of 4826m SF State astronomer searches for signs of life on Wolf 1061 exoplanet Looking for life in all the right places with the right tool Public to Choose Jupiter Picture Sites for NASA Juno Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Pluto Global Color Map Lowell Observatory to renovate Pluto discovery telescope Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. More info OK Subscribe Subscribe to Mining Journal 30 Day Trial Renew your subscription Login Login Email Password   Remember me Forgot password ?     Not a Subscriber? Subscribe now Lost Password Email address Newsletters 30 Day Trial Home HOT Topics Gold and Silver Investor Hub Energy Minerals Investor Hub Future of Mining World Africa Asia Australia Central/South America Europe/Middle East North America Opinion Forum From the Capital Humphreys Miner's right MJ comment Russo's rules View from the West End Expert views Finance/Investment Companies Development Exploration Finance Infrastructure Politics/Trade Production People Interviews/Q&A Leadership On the move Tributes Investor Hub Gold and Silver Investor Hub Energy Minerals Investor Hub Services Business/Advisory Consulting Contracting Education Engineering General Legal Technology General Mining ICT Science R&D Commodities Base Metals Coal Copper Diamonds Gold Industrial Minerals Iron Ore Platinum Group Metals Silver Uranium Future of Mining Exploration Innovation Investment Sustainability HOT Topics Gold and Silver Investor Hub Energy Minerals Investor Hub Home > Gold and Silver Investor Hub Research > Mining outlook as good as gold Mining outlook as good as gold Last year was a very encouraging period for the resources sector around the world with five key developments occurring and combining to mark a major sea change for the next decade. Barry Dawes* 02 Feb 2017 3:18 Feature Send article by email To From Message URL: http://www.mining-journal.com/gold-and-silver-investor-hub/gold-and-silver-investor-hub-research/mining-outlook-as-good-as-gold/   Related content The rise and rise of Asia Gold on target for further rises Roll on the global boom Steel suffering from indebtedness Time to get into gold TOPICS (select for more information): Barry Dawes The Bull's EyeCopper Gold Iron oreChina United States The five developments were: • Resumption in the powerful bull market for gold • Equity indices making new all-time highs for many important markets • Peaking in the global bond markets after a 35-year bull run • Industrial metals enjoying a price resurgence • A recovery in the iron ore price The fundamental driving force was Asia with China, of course, leading but with ASEAN and India not too far behind. Rising personal incomes there is, from my perspective, the underlying feature driving raw materials demand so that in comparison the US, Europe and Japan have just been economic sideshows for resources. Asia showed relentless absorption of gold from all sources and despite interference from the new Indian Government in the key Indian jewellery market the demand simply kept growing. Gold moving from weaker hands in the West to strong hands in the East can’t continue for much longer without some fireworks of sharply higher prices. I refer to gold being in a powerful bull market with signs of the strength being shown in this West-to-East transfer, premiums being paid for coins in the West and concerns over the accessibility of gold held by investors with major banks. This is just supply and demand. And also the 16.5%pa growth rate in the US$ gold price from 2000 to 2012 (bottom low to correction low) in the first up-leg was simply powerful. What is also happening is the changing structural platform of gold trading and price discovery. Dubai, as a proxy for India, and Shanghai are combining their platforms with cash backed market contracts that will exclude ‘paper’ transactions and provide true price discovery. The recent acceptance of gold as a Sharia-acceptable investment can only add to Asian and Middle East demand. “ Gold moving from weaker hands in the West to strong hands in the East can’t continue for much longer without some fireworks of sharply higher prices“ The debt-laden West has created a very large volume of money that is now likely to emerge as inflationary forces sometime soon. The rises in US Fed fund rates is not at all negative but rather is forcing  US banks to better use their improved balance sheets and lend into the economy again. A new US president has already significantly boosted business confidence there. The 11% outperformance of the Dow Jones US Banks Index over the S&P 500 since January 1, 2016, after 14 years underperformance, bears testament to the improving economic outlook, rising bank sector earnings and confirmation that a US banking collapse is just not happening right now. Key equity indices hit all-time highs with the FTSE and US markets following the earlier all-time highs by the German DAX and the Indian Nifty 50. Rallies in so many other countries produced new all-time or multi-year highs. Technology is so important in this bull market for equities particularly in basic industries where adoption of new technologies to increase earnings is helping the likes of Boeing and Caterpillar and the oil giants Exxon and Chevron, but we really must also consider the ubiquitous Microsoft and the amazing Amazon as basic industries now. These companies can provide rising earnings that boosts market caps and gives equity indices a move along. Investors locked into defensive sectors and who can’t imagine higher indices levels will be taken by surprise by these cyclicals and technology groups. The underlying global market strength running through 2015 and 2016 was making itself known quite some time ago so the recent whirlwind of new president Donald Trump is late to this party but is just the icing on a very tasty and wholesome cake. The underlying forces are globally strong. The peaking in the global bond market was also a key feature. This peak recognised that bond coupon interest rates were far too low given the current state of the global economy, a certain bull market high `hysteria’ prevailed and common sense strongly suggested that the quality of many debt encumbered sovereign issuers was not wonderful. However, the most important feature would be the marking of the reduced attractiveness of bonds against equities and the reluctance of many investors to roll over bonds at maturity into new issues. Higher yields are needed but capital is now likely to flow to more attractive sectors like equities and commodities. Thirty-five years of bull market would have lulled many into comfortable positions but comfort in markets always means complacency and danger. Industrial metals and their products have been in good demand with almost all LME metals experiencing record consumption levels in 2015 and 2016. Zinc and lead have been price leaders but aluminium, copper and tin have also done well. The market place is suggesting copper may be having a nice price surge this March quarter. Capacity utilisation rates are high in mine production in the West and with very low (read just about nil for all except nickel) LME inventories. Minor and technology metals like cobalt and lithium are also strong. Crude steel in production in China was 1.2% higher in 2016, at 802 million tonnes, with the December quarter finishing  4.1% higher than 2015. Iron ore imports were 1.02 billion tonnes, up 7.5% on 2015, reflecting the strong steel production and lower domestic ore supply. Iron ore prices responded to rebuilding of stocks at steel mills after a substantial run down in 2015. Bull’s Eye is anticipating further rises in iron ore prices in 2017 and with the confidence from the US$80/t forecast given from mid last year. The One Belt One Road action is already well under way with the first freight train service arriving in the UK after its 18-day trip from Yiwu in central Zhejiang province in east China, just south of Shanghai. The weekly service is similar to that for Germany and Spain and is the latest in 15 European destinations. The project is likely to invest hundreds of USD billions over the next few years with a multiplier impact on local infrastructure and commerce to be literally far reaching. President Trump is undertaking his own revolution in the US but infrastructure renewal is high on the agenda. Infrastructure spending is a key big ticket item and it usually needs lots of steel. The US is only producing 79Mtpa of crude steel at 70% capacity utilisation and has imports at 33-38Mtpa. Steel demand in the US is likely to rise but reopening mothballed local capacity might need much higher prices so imports are likely to rise sooner. Steel imports have around 26% US market share and are mostly finished products rather than slab or billet and come from South Korea, Turkey, Japan and Germany in order of size. China is only a few percent of all imports. Should the infrastructure spending and the Mexican Wall require more than 20Mtpa then it is hard to see where the steel will come from other than China. 800Mtpa versus 80Mtpa. Should the US need Chinese steel then China has capacity spare so seaborne iron ore demand and prices will be much higher. All this is confirming the rolling on of the global economic boom and for gold prices. Aim high! A positive outlook indeed. However, the mining industry should not be complacent on costs because energy prices such as oil and diesel might not be down for much longer.  *Barry Dawes, BSc FAusImm MSAA, has had more 35 years’ experience in the resources financial markets in key roles as a fund manager, commodities and equities research analyst and corporate financier. He worked at BT Australia, was head of resources research at Deutsche Bank and also at Macquarie Bank prior to setting up and running Martin Place Securities for almost 17 years. He is currently executive chairman and head of resources. Related articles The rise and rise of Asia 31 Aug 2016 Gold on target for further rises 16 Aug 2016 Roll on the global boom 11 Aug 2016 More from this section Gold demand flat in Q3 08 Nov 2016 Bonds, bubbles, and gold 20 Oct 2016 Finding ounces pays 20 Oct 2016 Columns Most Popular “My issue here is not about mining, my issue here is social justice” “My issue here is social justice” Garrison, Canada: 16.4m grading 16.7g/t Au from 80m depth (OSK-G17-326) Harmony Gold fatality Cameco to fight TEPCO’s $1.3b cancellation view more Freefall is officially over, maybe IMF holds firm to herald cyclical improvements for better miners One foot in the grave A glance over at oil shows what death may look like for coal view more Anglo gets its sparkle back Digital technology: Hype or ripe? Goldcorp’s new exploration ties A unique online resource offering rich insight into the catalysts and trends changing mining's future. Explore Company Profiles RPA David JF Smith joins Roscoe Postle Associates UK Graham G. Clow, Chairman, is pleased to announce the appointment of David JF Smith, CEng., as Man... Sarama Resources Sarama sees something big in South Houndé TSX-listed gold company moving to consolidate part of standout Burkina Faso gold belt Base Resources Building on a strong Base Kenya mineral sands producer positioned to lead sector return in year ahead Thundelarra Thundelarra’s ace in the hand ASX-listed explorer has plenty to build on this year after successful 2016 exploration season MOD Resources A new road for Botswana copper MOD’s T3 has quickly morphed from exciting discovery to potential big-picture copper play view all Company Profiles Get Mining Journal newsletter You are now registered to receive the Mining Journal weekly roundup newsletter Sign up to additional newsletters below 01. Live - Leadership (Monday) 02. Live - Americas (Tuesday) 03. Live - EMEA (Wednesday) 04. Live - Australia and Asia (Thursday) 05. Live - Technology and Services (Friday)   You are now registered to receive the following newsletters Company Showcase Telstra Cyber security – managing risk amongst disruption IT security technology is a business change enabler, not a burden Olympus New Vanta XRF – Dependable Analysis, any Environment Delivering Accurate Elemental Identification in the Toughest Working Conditions SRK Consulting SRK delivers value for potash & phosphate projects SRK has worldwide experience of potash and phosphate mines and projects   Upcoming Events Mines and Money Asia 2017 05 Apr - 07 Apr, 2017 Hong Kong view all Events Tweets by @MiningOnline Classifieds Aspermont Events Latest from Mining Magazine SkelStart Torque ultracapacitor module launched Hexagon looks to virtual reality Sulzer acquires Ensival Moret Siemens and Bentley sign energy agreement 2017: it’s going to be YUGE!view more Latest from MiningNews.net ASX miners, ex gold, sold Precious metals bulls out in force Gold stocks bought on risk concerns Mining Briefs: Axiom, Boss and more Big gold play targets more Kalgoorlie groundview more Mining Journal Sitemap World Africa Asia Australia Central/South America Europe/Middle East North America Opinion Forum From the Capital Humphreys Miner's right MJ comment Russo's rules View from the West End Expert views Finance/Investment Companies Development Exploration Finance Infrastructure Politics/Trade Production People Interviews/Q&A Leadership On the move Tributes Technology General Mining ICT Science R&D Services Business/Advisory Consulting Contracting Education Engineering General Legal Focus Leaders Series Special reports Supplements Commodities Base Metals Coal Copper Diamonds Gold Industrial Minerals Iron Ore Platinum Group Metals Silver Uranium Events Aspermont Events Awards Conferences Exhibitions Industry Events Roundtables Webinars Future of Mining Exploration Innovation Investment Sustainability Content by Type Features News Tag dictionary About Mining Journal Contact us Frequently Asked Questions Terms and Conditions Privacy & Cookie Policy Subscribe Subscribe to Mining Journal Manage your subscription Mining Journal App Newsletters App Advertise Social Follow us on Twitter Join LinkedIn group RSS Aspermont Print Publications Aspermont Online Publications Aspermont Apps Copyright © 2000-2017 Aspermont Ltd. All rights reserved. Aspermont Media, 4th Floor, Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4V 3BJ, UK. Aspermont Media is a company registered in England and Wales. Company No. 08096447. VAT No. 136738101. Designed and Powered by Audience Media 2017 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club Customer Service Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Topics Stolen Valor History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Topics History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More See More Home News U.S. Immigration ban could cost US colleges $700 million  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By SHAHIEN NASIRIPOUR AND LANCE LAMBERT | Bloomberg | Published: January 31, 2017 Sahab Masoumian, a 22-year-old engineering student at Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, Calif., hasn't been able to think of anything but President Donald Trump's ban on visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries since his academic term began on Monday. "If I tell you I'm not fearful, I'd be lying. I'm scared," he said. Masoumian was born in Tehran, Iran, and lived in Turkey for about one year while his family sought asylum in the U.S. Now a permanent resident, Masoumian hopes to transfer to California State Polytechnic University-Pomona and take up aerospace engineering. He dreams of landing a job at Boeing Co., the world's largest plane maker. But since Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration, Masoumian has been questioning whether he wants to remain in the U.S. after he graduates college. It's the opposite of what Republican Party leaders used to hope for. Mitt Romney in 2012 said he wanted to "staple a green card" to every foreign recipient of an advanced degree. "These are very financially desirable students," said Robert Kelchen, an assistant professor of higher education at Seton Hall University. "These tend to be people who earn quite a bit of money, come up with new innovations, and they tend to pay a lot of taxes." U.S. colleges stand to lose as much as $700 million in annual revenue if Trump's ban on visitors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen becomes permanent, according to estimates by College Factual, a higher education research website. University presidents fear the policy could imperil the U.S.'s standing as the top destination for the world's smartest students. In addition to hurting university bottom lines, disrupting the talent pipeline in such a way could curb economic growth, they said. Trump's executive order, issued on Friday, bars most citizens of the seven countries from visiting the U.S. for at least the next three months. Northeastern University, Texas A&M University, Penn State University, and the University of Southern California-each of which enroll more students from those seven nations than any other school in the U.S.-could each lose at least $10 million a year, according to College Factual. College leaders have been scrambling over the past few days to determine the impact of Trump's move on current students and faculty, as well as possible long-term consequences for U.S. higher education. Some students and professors reported being detained at U.S. airports en route back to campus while others are stranded outside the country, despite previous federal approval to study or work in the U.S. Universities across the nation released statements in the wake of the executive order, decrying the crackdown. The order "is already causing damage, and should end as quickly as possible," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the Association of American Universities, said in a statement. College Factual's $700 million figure is based on government visa figures and assumes that foreign students don't get tuition breaks and pay full undergraduate tuition, fees, and room and board. There's a chance the estimates are too low, if many foreign students in expensive graduate programs also pay full price, or too high, since not every student granted a visa ends up enrolling. But the figures highlight the significant number of foreign students, particularly Iranians, that Trump's order could scare away, depressing college revenues. Large colleges tend to make more money off foreign students, research shows. Other research has found that this dynamic helps reduce tuition costs for U.S. students. Foreign students also boost the U.S. economy by more than $30 billion. The cost to colleges could extend beyond immigration from the countries named in the order. Varun Soni, dean of religious life at USC, said he's already hearing from Muslim and foreign students on campus who are concerned that the Trump administration could widen its ban to include other countries. Brendan Cantwell, an assistant professor at Michigan State University, said that a general fear among foreign students that they're no longer welcome in the U.S. could be enough to dampen revenue at a number of schools. Limiting travel from one country in particular would have a dramatic effect on U.S. education. Iran sent close to 12,300 students to study at U.S. colleges during the most recent academic year, 11th highest in the world, according to Institute of International Education Inc. The number of Iranian students enrolled at U.S. colleges was more than double the number of students from the six other nations on Trump's list combined. About 78 percent of Iranian students in the U.S. are enrolled in graduate programs, the highest share of any country in the world, Institute of International Education figures show. Nearly 80 percent of Iranian students are in so-called STEM fields-science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Former President Barack Obama said graduating more STEM students was key to the nation's future. Only India, at 80.1 percent, produces a higher share of foreign U.S. STEM students. Before Jan. 20, Masoumian assumed there was no country that better positioned him for success than the U.S. But with his Iranian girlfriend living in Canada, and a fear that the U.S. may no longer welcome immigrants, he's now considering moving. "I never thought I would need such a backup plan," Masoumian said. Sina Baghbani, an electrical engineering doctoral student at Texas A&M, said several of his Iranian classmates have spouses who now are stranded in the Islamic Republic. "Many don't have much motivation to keep working," Baghbani said. "A combination of anger and hopelessness for the future." The Baker Library of the Harvard Business School stands on Harvard University campus in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on June 30, 2015. VICTOR J. BLUE/BLOOMBERG related articles Angry Republicans lash out at Trump for not consulting them on travel ban Trump fires Justice Department head in clash over refugee ban Trump's immigration order faces mounting legal questions article continues below   Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news AAFES opens new Europe distribution center for troops and families Royal Navy: Unified Trident exercise not a show of force to Iran Civil Air Patrol commander resigns amid probe into threatening message sent to Kansas lawmaker Reports: Teen arrested in Vienna had made plans to plant bomb at Ramstein Air Base Afghan children direct traffic on mountain pass for $4 a day Germans irked by demands for financial support for US bases news videos editors' picks VA watchdog: multibillion-dollar program 'cumbersome' for veterans Airman in viral family Christmas photo returns home Air Force general stripped of 2 stars due to sex misconduct trending read commented Reports: Teen arrested in Vienna had made plans to plant bomb at Ramstein Air Base Pentagon outlines civilian jobs exempt from Trump hiring freeze Germans irked by demands for financial support for US bases Trump honors fallen Navy SEAL during unannounced trip Trump is asked to pardon Army officer convicted of Afghan murders stripes rewards Stars and Stripes NFL Challenge Stripes Book Club follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes Rewards Customer Service Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN ONLY > Defense Market Intelligence Notes You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Defense Market Intelligence Notes Feb 2, 2017 AW Staff | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 View the Defense Market Intelligence Notes in PDF format. North America Boeing is readying its double-range Harpoon for flight testing from an F/A-18 Super Hornet at the Point Mugu sea range in California. The test will take place in the coming months under a memorandum of understanding with U.S. Naval Air Systems Command. Boeing hopes the self-funded Harpoon derivative will be adopted for the Navy’s carrier air wings. But the nearest opportunity could be a surface-launched version ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Defense Market Intelligence Notes".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Business Aircraft Market and UAV Sighting News from The Weekly of Business Aviation Defense Market Intelligence Notes   Defense Market Intelligence Notes   Defense Market Intelligence Notes   Defense Market Intelligence Notes   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Today’s Fleet-Planning Complexity: The Added Dimension of New Technology Aircraft Like never before, airlines must ensure their fleet planning processes are strategically managed. With the introduction of new technology aircraft, the airline industry is poised on the brink of unprecedented change...More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Lean Six Sigma to Reduce Aircraft Turnaround Time and Improve On-Time Performance In the simplest terms, airlines need to maximize the value of their aircraft by increasing profits from time in the air while decreasing the costs and time on the ground. Efficient aircraft ground operations are fundamental to meeting customer service expectations...More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper Near to Mid-Term Aerospace Outlook Read the “A Look at the Horizon” white paper written by Tony Velocci, award-winning former Editor-in-Chief of Aviation Week & Space Technology. Learn his insights about the near to mid-term outlook for aerospace suppliers, OEMs, and the future of aerospace & defense....More Aug 20, 2016 Video AviationWeek.com Analyst IDC Shares Insights for Securing IP Motivated manufactures working to solve this challenge that impact affordability can find recommendations for how an effective IP management system can avoid non-compliance and security compromises and best practices for integration....More Oct 31, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com FANS 101: What You Need to Know About FANS/1A 1 FANS, the Future Air Navigation System, is a vital building block for an advanced satellite-based air traffic control system unconstrained by outmoded radar technology....More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas U.S. President Donald Trump meet with Pharma industry representatives at the White House in Washington on Jan. 31. (YURI GRIPAS/REUTERS) U.S. President Donald Trump meet with Pharma industry representatives at the White House in Washington on Jan. 31. (YURI GRIPAS/REUTERS) STRATEGY As Trump thunders, investors watch for rain Add to ... Ross Kerber BOSTON — Reuters Published Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017 2:16PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Feb. 01, 2017 12:49PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print A dizzying stream of market-moving tweets and policy talk by President Donald Trump is finding a hopeful but anxious audience among professional investors looking to make stockpicking great again. After years of losing ground to index funds, portfolio managers and wealth advisers say Mr. Trump’s assertive moves, like singling out individual companies, may create a chance to set their investment strategies apart - even if they think some of Trump’s verbal assaults are just bluster. “If he’s going to create volatility, we’re going to take advantage of it,” said Ross Gerber, president of California wealth management firm Gerber Kawasaki Inc. For subscribers: What the Trump presidency will do to the U.S. dollar and the global currency market Professional stockpickers are under pressure to improve returns as investors increasingly turn to cheaper passive investments - redirecting tens of billions of dollars each month. Mr. Trump’s pledge to shake up regulations affecting sectors such as finance, autos and healthcare, as well as his promise to cut taxes, could create big corporate winners and losers. That could give active fund managers an opportunity, in theory, to showcase their skills. “This administration was elected with many people hoping for change, and that’s going to upset the apple cart with old losers coming back in favor,” said Scott Schermerhorn, chief executive of Granite Investment Advisors in New Hampshire. So far, Mr. Schermerhorn has made few changes to his portfolios, like the Granite Value Fund. With Mr. Trump in office less than two weeks, he is waiting for clearer signs on what new policies will be introduced. Mr. Schermerhorn also said he has talked some clients out of bailing on stocks such as Boeing or drugmakers after Mr. Trump criticized them publicly on Twitter - tweets Mr. Schermerhorn said he read as simply negotiating positions. GMr. erber has already acted on Mr. Trump. After the then-president-elect slammed Lockheed Martin’s F-35 fighter jet program as too expensive on Dec. 12, Mr. Gerber bought Lockheed shares. Mr. Trump said on Monday his administration was able to cut $600- million from its latest contract for the jet, but Mr. Gerber said the case for the stock remains its longer-term outlook. “Bullying companies ultimately won’t change the economics,” he said. DISPERSION The turn to passive management reflects how many active managers have failed to produce the higher returns that would justify their more costly fees. In theory, if Mr. Trump produces winners and losers in corporate America, then active managers could be helped by a rise in “dispersion,” a measure of the gap in returns among stocks. During December, dispersion in the S&P 500 index was 14 per cent, the lowest in two years, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. “The friend of active management is high dispersion, and transitions. We think we have both of those,” said Collin Bell, a managing director at Goldman Sachs’ asset management division. But dispersion is a double-edged sword if fund managers wind up on the wrong side of a trade - a distinct possibility given Mr. Trump’s willingness to talk policy on social media and re-evaluate key foreign policy principles. His recent move to curb immigration has sent major U.S. stock indexes plummeting. “Trying to react to his tweets, for a long-term investor, I think is a very dangerous game to play,” said John Linehan, portfolio manager of the $23-billion T. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund. He said he spends more time following policy discussions, after years in which Washington’s actions did not affect particular stocks so much. Linehan cited the on-again, off-again talk of a “border adjustment tax” as the sort of issue to keep an eye on. A recent jump in volatility has been a boon for day traders, who have a short-term horizon. But Mr. Trump’s tweets are too sporadic for many of the quantitative strategists from hedge funds and banks, who track patterns and trends. Indeed, higher dispersion could provide a business opportunity for active stockpickers’ arch-rivals, the passive funds. To shield investors from stock gyrations, Michael LaBella, portfolio manager at Legg Mason Inc’s QS Investors unit, said it encourages investors to consider diversification products like its Low Volatility High Dividend ETF in case promised policy changes do not actually emerge. “Because there is so much policy uncertainty, you can’t differentiate what’s policy and what’s just bluster,” he said. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Rethink on Trump hits U.S. dollar, world stocks (Reuters)   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$162.26 0.00 (0.00%) LMT-NLockheed Martin Corp Latest Price$251.97 0.00 (0.00%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price19,884.91 -6.03 (-0.03%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,280.85 +1.30 (+0.06%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,636.20 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 2 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Trump tweets drive day trading but leave math, computer whizzes sidelined Bond markets set for a taste of the 60s as inflation picks up Three stocks Leith Wheeler's Leanne Scott has been buying amid the Trump storm Topics The Boeing Company S&P Company Donald Trump Lockheed Martin Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Investor How to make the most of your RRSP this year Life My friend calls my fur-wearing ‘disgusting’: How should I respond? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Globe Investor Looking for your best mortgage rate? Here’s 20 questions to ask globe drive Chasing Zen in an Aston Martin The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News What you need to know about Stephen Bannon, the heart of Trump's inner circle Report on Business Trump wants an extra 'F' in NAFTA News White House defends detaining 5-year-old boy News Trump reviews 'dumb' refugee deal with Australia after 'worst' call Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: How do I keep myself safe from online scammers? News Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness News Quebec mosque says it's keen to return to normal in wake of shooting Report on Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years News Quebec City mosque allows media inside to view aftermath of shooting News Violence at Berkeley forces cancellation of Milo Yiannopoulos talk ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Where high-net-worth investors are putting their money right now Globe Investor Can’t make heads or tails of your finances? Learn with your kids More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business New agency aims to attract foreign investment to Greater Toronto Area Arts Christine Goerke on Wagner, endurance and the drive to perform Most popular ‘Cuck’: a modern swear word that’s as dirty as the old ones Greater Vancouver housing sales see January slump as slide continues Trump’s call to speed up NAFTA talks puts Canada on guard Kellie Leitch’s controversial campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns Sting gives longtime fans the show of a lifetime in Vancouver X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit POLITICS How Some Of Trump's Bad Tweets Are Helping Puppies And Kittens A silver lining in the president's insults. 02/01/2017 07:21 pm ET 280 Hilary Hanson Trends Editor, The Huffington Post David Becker via Getty Images An apparently Trump-supporting pup. Here’s a little solace when you’re thinking about President Donald Trump’s rampant Twitter habit. Sometimes, those presidential barbs may be helping animals. Folks at digital marketing company The Think Tank, or T3, noticed that when Trump’s tweets criticize a company — like when he complained about Boeing in a tweet about building a new 747 Air Force One — the company’s stock tends to briefly fall. So, they created “Trump and Dump,” a bot that picks up when Trump mentions a publicly traded company or brand in a tweet. The bot uses an algorithm to analyze whether the mention is positive or negative, and if it’s sufficiently negative, it immediately short-sells that company’s shares. Here’s a video explaining the bot further. OK, so how do animals factor into this? During its “Trump and Dump” experiment, T3 is donating its trading profits to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. T3 President Ben Gaddis told The Huffington Post the company selected the ASPCA because it’s a noncontroversial cause and wanted it to be clear that “Trump and Dump” was not “a political statement.” The ASPCA confirmed to The Washington Post that T3 had indeed donated to the group, but pointed out the organization wasn’t involved with the company or the bot. Gaddis wouldn’t say how much money his firm has made from “Trump and Dump” trading. But he said it was successful in general. Besides being good for publicity, “Trump and Dump” is giving T3 some useful information. “It’s a capability we can apply for our clients — just understanding things that happen in the social realm that can impact our business,” Gaddis said. Next, he said, T3 might examine how Trump’s mention of specific countries might influence trading in currencies. Also on HuffPost Dogald Trumps Dogald Trumps 1 of 6 FLORENCE, SC - FEBRUARY 5: A man stands near a Donald Trump campaign vehicle with an image of a dog in a window before a campaign rally February 5, 2016 in Florence, South Carolina. Trump's airplane was unable to return to New Hampshire from New York due to a snowstorm so he is holding an event in South Carolina. He plans to return to New Hampshire on Monday. The South Carolina Republican primary will be held on February 20. (Photo by Sean Rayford/Getty Images) Share this slide: Sean Rayford via Getty Images More: Donald Trump Twitter Stock Market ASPCA Trump And Dump Suggest a correction Comments Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS How will Donald Trump’s first 100 days impact YOU? Subscribe, choose the community that you most identify with or want to learn more about and we’ll send you the news that matters most once a week throughout Trump’s first 100 days in office. Learn more Newsletter 2.01 M 1.09 M 467 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat How Some Of Trump's Bad Tweets Are Helping Puppies And Kittens NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Tax calculatorBudget news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 01 10 PM IST Amazon to spend $1.49 billion on air cargo hub in US amid expansion plans Amazon has agreed to a 50-year lease for about 900 acres of property from Northern Kentucky International Airport Subscribe to our newsletter. Jeffrey Dastin Amazon, which has not announced a start date for the hub, said it expects to create more than 2,000 jobs when the site opens. Photo: Reuters San Francisco: Amazon.com Inc plans to invest $1.49 billion to build a large air cargo hub in northern Kentucky, state officials said on Tuesday, stoking expectations it may one day opt to directly compete with FedEx Corp and United Parcel Service Inc. The world’s biggest online retailer has agreed to a 50-year lease for about 900 acres of property from Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport—close in size to the global hubs of top cargo airlines. Amazon is handling more shipping in-house so it can deliver packages to customers faster, as well as cut costs and uncertainty associated with relying on third parties. It has said its moves are designed to supplement, not replace cargo carriers. Analysts suspect it has larger ambitions. “We estimate a $400 billion-plus market opportunity for Amazon in delivery, freight forwarding, and contract logistics,” Colin Sebastian, an analyst for Baird Equity Research, said in a note to clients. Amazon, which has not announced a start date for the hub, said it expects to create more than 2,000 jobs when the site opens. The northern Kentucky location—not far from UPS’s major hub—puts Amazon’s aircraft in shooting distance of top cities. The company said last year it would lease 40 Boeing Co 767 planes, 16 of which are currently in service. It also lets Amazon’s trucks reach 11 fulfillment centres in the state. And a large operation of Deutsche Post DHL there lets Amazon transfer packages easily abroad, said Brian Clancy, managing director of advisory firm Logistics Capital & Strategy LLC. As part of the investment, Amazon anticipates it will spend nearly $462 million on building and improvements over an unspecified number of years, according to a report by the Kentucky Economic Development Finance Authority. The authority’s board tentatively approved $40 million in tax incentives for Amazon over 10 years if it meets hiring commitments, with average wages including benefits targeted at $26 per hour, the report said. So far, Amazon has loaded its aircraft with big but lightweight boxes, according to data reviewed by Reuters and interviews with airport officials around the United States. This has helped it dodge fees from cargo partners, which are increasingly pricing by volume rather than weight. Amazon’s new site compares with about 1,220 acres UPS has in Louisville. FedEx has more than 900 in its Memphis hub, a 2010 airport plan showed. Reuters Jeffrey Dastin Topics: AmazonAir cargo hubNorthern KentuckyFedEx CorpUnited Parcel Service Inc More From Livemint READ MORE Attorney general’s office is not a public authority under the RTI Act: Delhi HC India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits First Published: Wed, Feb 01 2017. 11 56 AM IST Editor's Picks Union Budget 2017: The hits and misses, according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia Ola’s valuation marked down 40% by US’s Vanguard Group The silver lining in H1B visa reforms Latest News India’s gold demand falls 21% in 2016: World Gold Council report Amazon likely to ramp up investments in India, despite drag on profits Aircel-Maxis case: A timeline of events that led to the Marans being discharged India’s gaming industry to touch $801 million by 2022: Report Start-ups, FDI to enjoy relief from new tax on unlisted firms Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump by Jethro Mullen   @CNNTech February 2, 2017: 10:34 PM ET Ford CEO: 'We don't support' Trump's travel ban Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla (TSLA) chief defended his participation in Trump's business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. "Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration," Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. "I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting," he said. "But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good." Related: Uber CEO drops out of Trump's business advisory council Musk said that he and others would "express our objections" to Trump's travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries -- and "offer suggestions for changes to the policy." The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Related: Companies and executives speak out on Trump's travel ban Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Mary Barra of General Motors (GM) and Jim McNerney of Boeing (BA). Musk, who's also the CEO of SpaceX, said he's taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are "to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization." The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country's challenges— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 He has previously voiced criticism of Trump's travel ban, calling it "not the best way to address the country's challenges." "Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US," he tweeted over the weekend. "They've done right, not wrong & don't deserve to be rejected." Related: Elon Musk's surprising secret weapon: Trump? Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was "not the right guy." But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide "strategic value" for the company. CNNMoney (Hong Kong) First published February 2, 2017: 9:11 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 804 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.' Post to Facebook Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.'  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Marco della Cava , USA TODAY Published 9:16 p.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 5 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said Wednesday he would leave President Trump's economic advisory group after taking heat for his involvement. Newsy Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk unveils the company's newest products, in Hawthorne, Calif. (Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP) SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk will keep his appointment at a Friday gathering of CEOs advising President Trump on business matters. Musk tweeted a long statement late Thursday indicating that his decision was motivated by the belief that being part of such a committee was the best way "to provide feedback on issues that I think are important for our country and the world." The decision comes on the heels of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who would have been Musk's tech world colleague on the Business Advisory Council, opting to drop out of the group. Kalanick responded after customers and drivers alike criticized the company for not taking a tougher stand on Trump's controversial immigration ban. Many tech company CEOs have voiced varying levels of discontent over the immigration; tech companies rely on foreign workers with deep technology skills, some of whom hail from the seven majority-Muslim nations on Trump's ban list. Musk has defended his participation on the council, as well as another group that will advice the president on manufacturing matters, in statements that reflect his conviction that dialog with Trump is the best way forward on matters both societal and economic. Those were echoed in his latest missive. "In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," Musk wrote, noting that mere participation in the group, which includes the CEOs of General Motors, Boeing and other large corporations, "does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration. "My goals are to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization, a consequence of which will be the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs and a more inspiring future for all. I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting, but I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Follow USA TODAY tech reporter Marco della Cava on Twitter. 804 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Posted on Thursday, February 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump’s controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla chief defended his participation in Trump’s business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. “Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration,” Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. “I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting,” he said. “But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Musk said that he and others would “express our objections” to Trump’s travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries — and “offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney of Boeing. Musk, who’s also the CEO of SpaceX, said he’s taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are “to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization.” He has previously voiced criticism of Trump’s travel ban, calling it “not the best way to address the country’s challenges.” “Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US,” he tweeted over the weekend. “They’ve done right, not wrong & don’t deserve to be rejected.” Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was “not the right guy.” But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide “strategic value” for the company. Ford ships Raptor pickups to China Nordstrom distances itself from Ivanka Trump brand Related Posts Facebook to beam free internet to Africa with satellites Businesses warn: Brexit chaos will hurt us NRF: Despite Bad Weather, Retail Sales Increase Etsy now worth $4 billion. Stock jumps 115% after IPO Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Groundhog Day Social Stream Super Bowl Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Super Bowl Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Groundhog Day Social Stream Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Elon Musk is taking his travel ban objections directly to Trump Posted: Thursday, February 2, 2017 9:35 PM EST Updated: Thursday, February 2, 2017 11:05 PM EST Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. By Jethro Mullen HONG KONG (CNNMoney) -- Elon Musk says he will raise objections to President Trump's controversial immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday. The Tesla chief defended his participation in Trump's business advisory council just hours after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced he was pulling out of it. "Advisory councils simply provide advice and attending does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration," Musk said in a statement posted on Twitter late Thursday. "I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting," he said. "But I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good." Musk said that he and others would "express our objections" to Trump's travel ban that affects all refugees as well as people from seven Muslim-majority countries -- and "offer suggestions for changes to the policy." The meeting Friday is the first for the economic advisory council, which included 19 business leaders before Kalanick dropped out. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said in a memo to employees. Other high-profile members of the council, which is officially called the Strategic and Policy Forum, include Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney of Boeing. Musk, who's also the CEO of SpaceX, said he's taking part in order to make his case for his main goals, which are "to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization." He has previously voiced criticism of Trump's travel ban, calling it "not the best way to address the country's challenges." "Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US," he tweeted over the weekend. "They've done right, not wrong & don't deserve to be rejected." Days before Trump won the election, Musk said the Republican nominee was "not the right guy." But the Tesla chief has shown a willingness to engage in dialog with Trump and his team, joining the business council and visiting Trump Tower before the inauguration. The relationship has caught the attention of Tesla investors, with one analyst suggesting it could provide "strategic value" for the company. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Trump likely to face questions from Musk and other CEOs over travel ban in Friday meeting Reuters February 2, 2017 7:26 PM Tags: Advisory Counci, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, IBM, Muslim ban, Tesla, Uber Above: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. Image Credit: REUTERS/Carlos Barria (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president’s business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase, General Motors, Blackstone Group LP, IBM, and Walt Disney, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump’s order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump’s move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump’s executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that “the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting.” Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone <BX.N>, who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump’s request. Four topics will be discussed — regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure — with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump’s penchant for rebuking companies publicly. “Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid,” said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday’s meeting. “I’m sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully.” It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday’s meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla, Wal-Mart and Boeing. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump’s order “undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations.” The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump’s immigration orders include Netflix, Apple, and Amazon.com, none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1050 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.' Post to Facebook Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Tesla CEO Musk says participating can provide feedback on issues 'important for our country and the world.'  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Musk defends decision to stay on Trump advisory council Marco della Cava , USA TODAY Published 9:16 p.m. ET Feb. 2, 2017 | Updated 5 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said Wednesday he would leave President Trump's economic advisory group after taking heat for his involvement. Newsy Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk unveils the company's newest products, in Hawthorne, Calif. (Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP) SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk will keep his appointment at a Friday gathering of CEOs advising President Trump on business matters. Musk tweeted a long statement late Thursday indicating that his decision was motivated by the belief that being part of such a committee was the best way "to provide feedback on issues that I think are important for our country and the world." The decision comes on the heels of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who would have been Musk's tech world colleague on the Business Advisory Council, opting to drop out of the group. Kalanick responded after customers and drivers alike criticized the company for not taking a tougher stand on Trump's controversial immigration ban. Many tech company CEOs have voiced varying levels of discontent over the immigration; tech companies rely on foreign workers with deep technology skills, some of whom hail from the seven majority-Muslim nations on Trump's ban list. Musk has defended his participation on the council, as well as another group that will advice the president on manufacturing matters, in statements that reflect his conviction that dialog with Trump is the best way forward on matters both societal and economic. Those were echoed in his latest missive. "In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," Musk wrote, noting that mere participation in the group, which includes the CEOs of General Motors, Boeing and other large corporations, "does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration. "My goals are to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization, a consequence of which will be the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs and a more inspiring future for all. I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting, but I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good.” Follow USA TODAY tech reporter Marco della Cava on Twitter. 1050 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k6Suoo NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Orange County Business Journal home news print email MSC Sold for $834M Chris Casacchia Thursday, February 2, 2017 Newport Beach-based MSC Software Corp. will be sold for $834 million to Swedish IT service provider Hexagon AB, the companies said today. MSC will operate as an independent business unit within Hexagon’s Manufacturing Intelligence division under terms of the deal, which is expected to close in April. Chief Executive Dominic Gallello will retain his position, the company confirmed to the Business Journal. MSC, which specializes in simulation software, was Orange County’s 13th-largest software maker last year, with an estimated 150 local workers. It posted sales of $230 million last year and employs more than 1,300 in 20 countries. MSC customers include Boeing, BMW, Airbus and Samsung. The Business Journal reported in January that the company could be the target of a takeover. Hexagon’s manufacturing intelligence division serves the automotive, aerospace, machinery, consumer electronics and other segments. The company has annual sales topping $3.2 billion and employs 16,000 worldwide. Hexagon gets one of the oldest companies in the tech industry with its acquisition of MSC, which came into prominence in 1965 with breakthrough simulation software that helped the Apollo 11 spacecraft land on the moon four years later. MCS in late 2009 was taken private in a $390 million cash deal by Palo Alto-based private equity firm Symphony Technology Group LLC. New York-based Elliott Capital Management, a frequent activist investor, was a significant shareholder in the company. HOME LISTS FINANCE HEALTHCARE MANUFACTURING REAL ESTATE SERVICES TECHNOLOGY APPAREL/RETAIL TOURISM Videocasts OCBJ Publisher Richard Reisman interviews OC Business Leaders   » » Mohamed El-Erian, Chief Economic Advisor of Allianz you may also like MSC Gets Higher Counter Offer in Ongoing Bidding War Suitors Revealed in MSC Bidding War Back to the Future? MSC Software Wins $26.1M Judgment Investor: MSC.Software Should Explore Alternatives Suitors Revealed in MSC Bidding War Report: Private Equity Firms Revealed in MSC.Software Bidding War MSC Takes Raised $372M Buyout Deal From Original Suitor BROWSE MORE Classified The Lists Archives People on the Move Poll Archive LEARN MORE About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Job Opportunities Edit Profile SERVICES Subscription Center Online Login/Register Advertise with Us Sign-Up for E-News Updates TOOLS Calendar New Business Licenses OTHER JOURNALS Los Angeles Business Journal San Diego Business Journal San Fernando Valley Business Journal © 2017 Orange County Business Journal Phone: 1-949-833-8373 Los Angeles Business Journal Orange County Business Journal San Fernando Valley Business Journal San Diego Business Journal     Subscribe Print Edition Renewals Edit Your Subscription Account Email News Updates RSS Headlines Feed Advertise Online Display Ads Real Estate Gallery People On The Move Events OC Business Events The Lists The Book of Lists Weekly Lists About The Lists Resources Supplements Special Reports WebConnect Investment Properties Real Estate Gallery OC Insider Email News Updates RSS Headlines Feed About Us OCBJ Staff Privacy Policy Contact Us Employment Inquires Edit Profile login
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, February 3, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump Veers Toward Pillars of Obama’s Foreign Policy By MARK LANDLER, PETER BAKER and DAVID E. SANGER In a shift, President Trump warned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel against construction of new settlements, putting him more in line with long-held U.S. policy. He also demanded that Russia withdraw from Crimea, and he threatened Iran with sanctions for its recent ballistic missile tests. Related Coverage Shock in Australia Over Scolding From an Ally McCain Tries to Ease Tension Over Trump Insult 3:02 AM ET Iran, Puzzled by Trump, Treads Carefully for Now Europe Eyes a New Worry: the U.S. By STEVEN ERLANGER The European Union, which has faced a litany of crises lately, is now waking up to the fact that Mr. Trump may be the most dangerous yet. Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump’s Council After Criticism By MIKE ISAAC Travis Kalanick’s decision came after an onslaught of criticism from employees of the ride-hailing company and a social media backlash. The Johnson Amendment, Explained G.O.P. Campaign to Repeal Obamacare Stalls on the Details By ROBERT PEAR and REED ABELSON Republicans find themselves unable to move forward with health legislation of their own, and the uncertainty is rattling consumers and insurers. Video by MEGAN SPECIA and YARA BISHARA. Photo by Ashley Gilbertson for The New York Times Here is what daily life looks like for an Iranian dissident at an Australian-run camp on Manus Island. White House Defends the Ill-Fated Raid in Yemen By ERIC SCHMITT The press secretary said the raid that left a commando and most likely civilians dead was “well-thought-out and executed.” A Fresh Battle at One of Free Speech’s Birthplaces By THOMAS FULLER The decision by the University of California, Berkeley, to cancel an appearance by the right-wing firebrand Milo Yiannopoulos led some to question the school’s dedication to its activist past. 1:11 Protests Force Speech Cancellation By ELSA BUTLER Common Sense Management Experts See Chaos in Trump White House By JAMES B. STEWART The nascent administration can be viewed as a textbook example of how not to run a complex organization, some professors say. Trump Takes Hair-Growth Drug, His Doctor Says By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, M.D. Dr. Harold N. Bornstein granted the interview after The New York Times asked him to discuss his past and possible future role in Mr. Trump’s care. Melania in Absentia: New First Lady’s Role Is Unclear By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS Unanswered requests for tours. Unfilled staff positions. Unfinished event plans. Melania Trump’s absence has made for a slow transition into a demanding and heavily scrutinized job. More in Politics Vanity Fair Pulls Out of Correspondents Dinner Party 2:45 AM ET New C.I.A. Deputy Director Led Torture of Detainees Nordstrom Drops Ivanka Trump Brand From Stores 10:22 PM ET Justice Dept. Reverses Accelerated Deportation Policy Trump Vows to Allow Tax-Free Churches to Talk Politics Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times After the Election, Soul-Searching at the Clinton Foundation By STEVE EDER, SHERI FINK and AMY CHOZICK Its fund-raising, leadership and ambitions potentially in flux, the foundation is grappling with its place nearly three months after Hillary Clinton’s defeat. Snapchat Firm Plays Up Financial Health in Filing for I.P.O. By MICHAEL J. de la MERCED and KATIE BENNER Making its filing public was one of the final steps the company would take before it begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange. What the I.P.O. Filing Reveals About the Company Snapchat’s Creator Is Tapped Into the ‘Right Now’ American Dream in Sight, but Somalis Are Left Stranded By JEFFREY GETTLEMAN After waiting years to come to the United States, displaced refugees fear returning to extreme poverty and reprisal from anti-American militant groups. Matter The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say By CARL ZIMMER Two studies suggest that the brain edits itself during sleep, paring back the tangle of neurons that grows in waking hours. The Daily 360 1:04 ‘Bad and Boujee’ Onstage With Migos Ethan Holland. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Chief of North Korean Secret Police Is Fired for Corruption 12:43 AM ET Romanians Protest Change in Graft Law Delaware Prison Standoff Ends With Correction Officer Dead Ralph Lauren Splits With C.E.O. Over Creative Differences Second-Degree Murder Charge in Death of Joe McKnight Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Europe Edition Your Friday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 2:22 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ This is how the news should sound. Fifteen minutes a day, five days a week, hosted by Michael Barbaro and powered by New York Times journalism. Audio Smarter Living Tech Fix Here Is How to Fend Off a Hijacking of Home Devices By BRIAN X. CHEN Many people with smart homes are not aware of the potential for cyberattacks and have done nothing to protect against them. 5 Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month By BEN BRANTLEY Those setting fire to stages this month include Jake Gyllenhaal, Glenn Close and Joan of Arc. Committed A wedding photo of Jewelle Taylor and James Gibbs in 1956. Credit DeWhitt Keith A Couple Used to Breaking the Color Line Jewelle Taylor and James Gibbs Jr., who have a string of firsts to their names, were also among the first African-American couples to appear in the wedding announcements as we know them today. Save this story to read later on any device. Save Anarchists Vow to Halt Far Right, With Force if Needed By FARAH STOCKMAN With far-right groups edging into the mainstream, self-described “anti-fascists” and anarchists are vowing to confront them, even if it means resorting to violence. Pregnant Women O.K. With Pot, but at Whose Risk? By CATHERINE SAINT LOUIS Acceptance of pot has outstripped scientific understanding of its effects, and while more expectant mothers think it to be safe, it can affect their babies’ health. Have You Used Marijuana While Pregnant? Share Your Story Super Bowl LI How Tom Brady and Matt Ryan Pass Under Pressure By DAVID K. ANDERSON and JOE WARD Matt Ryan and Tom Brady are the prototypical pocket passers. But Brady was better protected this season and Ryan was a little better under pressure. Super Bowl 2017: The Who, What, When and Where A Meat Dress? No. But Lady Gaga Is Coy on Halftime Plans. Challenge for Commercials: Not Taking Sides, Politically The Uncomfortable Love Affair Between Trump and the Patriots ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race By A. O. SCOTT Raoul Peck’s documentary is an important introduction to James Baldwin’s work and an advanced seminar in racial politics, our critic writes.  Comments New York Police Dept. Agrees to Curb Stop-and-Frisk By BENJAMIN MUELLER The department will curtail the stops in thousands of private apartment buildings under a settlement ending the last in a series of related lawsuits. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Home but Not Home: A Korean Family in Japan Ethnic Koreans in Japan are at the heart of Min Jin Lee’s new novel, “Pachinko.” In Hawaii, a Communion With the Wild Ocean She was mesmerized by the pulse of the ocean, alive to the sound of the surf and the scent of the briny air. What Will the ‘Resistance’ Against Trump Stand For? Some of the most consequential movements in American law and politics began amid defeat and panic. The Opinion Pages Editorial Wanted: One Republican With Integrity, to Defeat Betsy DeVos Public pressure may help sway Republican senators on unfit cabinet nominees.  Comments What’s Wrong With Flynn’s Bluster on Iran? Plenty By PHILIP GORDON Drawing a vague red line with Iran only sets up America for humiliation or war. Blow: Democrats, Get a Spine! Cohen: United States Tells Australia to Get Lost Collins: Pence’s Pet Kristof: Apology to Muslims On Campus How Violence Undermined the Berkeley Protest By MALINI RAMAIYER Abandoning the peaceful approach can have unintended consequences. Op-Ed | Pamela Druckerman Sex and French Elections Can the love story of a presidential candidate and his former teacher save Europe from the right wing? Angelina Jolie: Base Refugee Policy on Facts, Not Fear Refugees Annotate Trump’s Executive Order How Trump Would Corrupt the Pulpit User Subscriptions What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? Copy Edit This! Our Latest Quiz Times Insider » What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases Rebuilding a Life to Provide a Happier Childhood for Her Son After an unplanned pregnancy, Melissa Monserrate, 25, struggled to be the mother she wanted to be. After going back to school, she’s well on her way. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Magazine Letter of Recommendation Opinion ‘Everyone Is Welcome Here’ When they heard about an alleged hate crime in their community, high school students took a stand. Magazine Stir-Fried Tomatoes and Eggs My Mother Made Book Review One Young Man’s Life Served Up Four Ways Opinion A Malaysian Trilogy Magazine The Image of Time Times Insider A Times Reporter’s Own Refugee Experience Opinion Linda Greenhouse: The Search for the Supreme Court Mainstream The 30 years since the progressives’ defeat of the Bork nomination demonstrate how the definition of mainstream can change. Men’s Style Western State of Mind Book Review The Reconstruction Rise of a Black Elite Opinion Letters: The Battle Ahead for the Supreme Court Theater Puppet Artists Are Having a Moment Sections World » For Europe, There’s a New Threat in Town: The U.S. For Stranded Somali Refugees, ‘Friend of America’ Is a Deadly Label Office of South Korea’s Embattled Leader Blocks Search of Presidential Compound Business Day » Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump Advisory Council After Criticism New Yorker and Vanity Fair Pull Out of Correspondents Dinner Parties Snapchat Parent Showcases Its Strength in Preparation for I.P.O. Opinion » Charles M. Blow: Fruit of a Poison Tree Editorial: Wanted: One Republican With Integrity, to Defeat Betsy DeVos Gail Collins: Pence’s Presidential Pet U.S. » Foreigners Trapped in the United States by New Policy Anarchists Respond to Trump’s Inauguration, by Any Means Necessary A Free Speech Battle at the Birthplace of a Movement at Berkeley Technology » Snapchat Parent Showcases Its Strength in Preparation for I.P.O. Snap’s Chief Taps Into the ‘Right Now’ Uber C.E.O. to Leave Trump Advisory Council After Criticism Arts » 6 Ways ‘Girls’ Changed Television. Or Didn’t. Review: ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race Critic's Notebook: In the Super Bowl, the Women Lead at the Half Politics » New Yorker and Vanity Fair Pull Out of Correspondents Dinner Parties Melania Trump’s Absence From Washington Raises Questions About Her Role Was That Search Illegal? Sometimes, Neil Gorsuch Ruled It Was Fashion & Style » On the Runway: Riccardo Tisci Leaves Givenchy: What It Means Committed: A Couple Used to Breaking the Color Line Social Q’s: What if Ghosting an Old Friend Doesn’t Work? Movies » Review: ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ Will Make You Rethink Race Anatomy of a Scene: Garth Davis Reveals the Secret to Child Performances in ‘Lion’ Review: Robert De Niro as ‘The Comedian,’ a Has-Been Seeking a Comeback New York » The Rehabilitation of ‘Pitbull,’ a Former Wrestler and Neo-Nazi New York Police Dept. Agrees to Curb Stop-and-Frisk Tactics Yemenis Close Bodegas and Rally to Protest Trump’s Ban Sports » One Small Stroke for a 59 Is One Giant Leap for Golfers Baylor Football Was ‘Black Hole’ of Misconduct, According to Court Filing U.S. Women’s Team Restructures Union in Effort to Revive C.B.A. Talks Theater » The Hudson Theater Is Back on Broadway 5 Must-See Shows in New York This Month Review: ‘Yen’ Is a Den of Family Dysfunction Science » Matter: The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say Trump Has Choices to Make on Climate Policy. What Would You Do? ‘Listen to Evidence’: March for Science Plans Washington Rally on Earth Day Obituaries » Étienne Tshisekedi, Congo Opposition Leader for Decades, Dies at 84 Harold Rosen, Who Ushered in the Era of Communication Satellites, Dies at 90 Harry Mathews, Idiosyncratic Writer, Dies at 86 Television » Review: In ‘24: Legacy,’ Jack Bauer’s Gone. The Demons Are the Same. Review: ‘Santa Clarita Diet,’ a Suburban Sitcom With Bite Critic's Notebook: ‘Training Day’ and ‘A.P.B.,’ Where the Rogue Cop Rules Health » Pregnant Women Turn to Marijuana, Perhaps Harming Infants Hormone Blockers Can Prolong Life if Prostate Cancer Recurs Phys Ed: How to Do the Shortest Workout Possible Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Marrakesh Where I Live: My Paris: Seduced by the Past Pursuits: In Hawaii, a Swimmer’s Communion With the Wild Ocean Books » Books News: A Japanese Crime Thriller in Which Crime Is the Least of It Books of The Times: Review: ‘Black Edge,’ an Account of a Hedge Fund Magnate and Insider Trading Books of The Times: ‘Elizabeth Bishop’ Details a Poet’s Life. An Author’s, Too. Education » In Hillsdale College, a ‘Shining City on a Hill’ for Conservatives Will You Graduate? Ask Big Data Ed Talk: Fighting Racial Bias on Campus Food » Animal Rights Group Says Video Shows Abuse of Sheep Hungry City: Cajun, Far From Home, at the Gumbo Bros The Pour: Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Manufacturing Wine Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » The Hunt: Searching for a Fixer-Upper Living In: Prospect-Lefferts Gardens, Brooklyn: Diverse, Historic and Convenient International Real Estate: House Hunting in . . . Dublin The Upshot » Economic Trends: Should Dollar Rise or Fall? The Trump Team’s Message Is Garbled Cost of College: With Falwell as Education Adviser, His Own University Could Benefit Demographic Shift: Immigrant Shock: Can California Predict the Nation’s Future? Magazine » Feature: The Parachute Generation Feature: The Misunderstood Genius of Russell Westbrook Letter of Recommendation: Letter of Recommendation: Seed Catalogs Automobiles » Supplier’s Role Shows Breadth of VW’s Deceit What Volkswagen Settlements Mean for Vehicle Owners Driven: Video Review: Nissan Sentra Nismo Offers Affordable Spunk, but Underwhelms T Magazine » The Man Who Cooked for Italy. And His Gorgeous Restaurants. 10 Things to Know About Riccardo Tisci’s Reign at Givenchy The Best Places to Walk in Paris Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Looking Back: 1933 | The President Assumes ‘Dictatorial’ Powers. Quickly. What About the Trump Presidency Surprises a Reporter Who Has Covered Him From the Start? Real Estate » The Hunt Searching for a Fixer-Upper By JOYCE COHEN An interior designer wanted an apartment that she could reinvent as her own. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Travel What you don’t see when Trump flies Tigerair quits Bali flights for good Proof we’ve reached peak laziness Is this the world’s weirdest plane? NZ may start charging us tax Why this woman was kicked off flight Fifth tourist dies on Great Barrier Reef Michelle and Barack, is that really you? world travel north america Donald Trump’s airborne defences revealed February 3, 201711:25am The Presidential helicopter, Marine One, doesn’t fly alone. Picture: Pablo Martinez Monsivais Danny CollinsThe Sun Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend DONALD Trump has a heavyweight escort when he flies in Marine One. The presidential chopper was flanked by one identical decoy helicopter and two giant Osprey aircraft as he flew over Delaware, reports The Sun. Trump was heading to Dover air force Base to pay his respects to the family of Navy SEAL William Owens. The special forces soldier was killed in a raid on a terror camp in Yemen this week. It was the first combat death since Trump entered the White House last month. Donald Trump travelled to pay respects to the family of a fallen soldier. Picture: Nicholas KammSource:AFP Which is he in? This incredible photo shows the escort that accompanied Trump, complete with V-22 Osprey attack helicopters on each side and a decoy Marine One. Picture: Brendan SmialowskiSource:AFP And he received a carefully-planned escort to the base. The President yesterday flew in Marine One, a traditional green Sea King chopper. A lookalike helicopter flies beside to act as a decoy in the event of an attack. The hi-tech aircraft is estimated to cost A$521 million — more than air force One. Up to 35 helicopters can be called Marine One, with the fleet costing almost A$32 billion and being manned by 800 US Marines. Helicopters have been used to transport US presidents since Dwight D. Eisenhower boarded the flimsy Bell H-13 Sioux in 1957. The Sea King model Trump boarded yesterday is used extensively throughout the US military after it was first launched in 1959. It can travel at more than 257km/h and carry three crew. It also carries missile-avoidance flares that can divert incoming weapons away from the aircraft. Unlike Marine One, the assault aircraft can fire 3000 rounds per minute. Picture: Nicholas KammSource:AFP Accompanying the two Sea Kings were the giant Boeing V-22 Ospreys. The tiltrotor behemoths — which each cost A$93million — are capable of taking off vertically or along a runway and can travel at more than 563km/h. With its ability to changes rotor position, the aircraft can effectively operate as a helicopter or aeroplane. It carries a 360 degree ‘belly gun’ capable of firing 3000 rounds a minute and a remote-controlled machine gun. Used in Afghanistan and Iraq, the huge aircraft can carry up to 32 fully-armed soldiers at a time. This article originally appeared in The Sun and was reproduced with permission. USA: Trump signs executive orders to rebuild military and ban ?radical Muslims?3:30 US President Donald Trump signed two executive orders following the swearing-in ceremony of now US Secretary of Defense James Mattis at the Pentagon on Friday, one ordering the rebuilding of the military, the other focusing on limiting immigration. The first executive order, dubbed "The rebuilding of the United States Armed Forces," calls for new planes, ships and tools for the US military. Trump said that the second executive order would establish "new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America." A nine-step vetting system for refugees currently exists in the United States but Trump's executive order, dubbed "Protection of the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the United States," will add new vetting measures to keep out "radical Islamic terrorists." January 28th 2017 6 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in travel 136Readers Uber app deleted in droves by anti-Trump protesters 102Readers Vespa bag: Robot luggage follows you around so you can be re... 93Readers Marine One: Incredible photo shows heavyweight escort 70Readers Tigerair pulls out of Bali flights permanently 48Readers Airbus Beluga: Is this the weirdest-looking plane on Earth? A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Liberals admit ‘interim’ Super Hornet jets may only fly for 12 years, despite costing billions David Pugliese, Ottawa Citizen  02.02.2017 ShareAdjustCommentPrint The Super Hornet jets the Liberal government is spending billions of dollars to purchase could be flying for as little as 12 to 15 years before they are taken out of service. There had been some suggestions by analysts and, privately by military officers, that the Super Hornets could be kept flying, along with the new aircraft the government intends to purchase as a replacement for the CF-18s in the late 2020s. But the operational life of the Super Hornets, expected to arrive sometime after 2019, will be limited, unlike the current CF-18s that have been flying for more than three decades, the Liberals confirm. “The operational life span of the Super Hornet fleet will start at the delivery and not end before the completion of the transition to the CF-18 permanent replacement aircraft,” Harjit Sajjan noted in a written response to a question asked by Conservative MP Diane Finley. Sajjan has said the government wants to get a permanent fleet delivered as quickly as possible, with some estimates putting that by 2029 or as late as 2032. But Conservative defence critic James Bezan said Sajjan’s answer to Finley shows the Super Hornet purchase is a waste of money. “If they are going to use them for only 12 years, then this is a very expensive option that makes absolutely no sense,” Bezan said Thursday. He said a better move would be to dump the Super Hornet deal, estimated to cost between $5 billion and $7 billion, and immediately run a competition for a permanent fighter jet fleet. “You could have your new fleet delivered and operating quickly without having to go this route of an interim fighter,” he said. Sajjan announced in November the government’s decision to buy 18 Boeing Super Hornets as “interim” fighter jets until a permanent replacement for the existing CF-18 aircraft could be bought. The Liberals said Canada is facing a capability gap because it doesn’t have enough fighter jets to fulfill its military missions, a situation Sajjan has blamed on the previous Conservative government for bungling the project to replace the aging CF-18s. But Bezan has questioned the Liberal claim that the CF-18s are on their last legs. He has pointed out that military officers have stated those jets can operate effectively until 2025, more than enough time for a permanent replacement to be bought. In addition, Defence department officials had earlier warned against buying an interim fighter jet. But the report containing those warnings, which had been on the department’s website for more than a year, was quietly removed after the Liberal government announced its Super Hornet purchase. The Defence Research and Development Canada report recommended against the purchase of such “bridging” aircraft to deal with gaps in capability. “The costs involved with bridging options make them unsuitable for filling capability gaps in the short term,” according to the report. “Any short-term investment results in disproportionately high costs during the bridging period.” The Liberal government has acknowledged the decision to buy the 18 Super Hornets will cost more in the long run but they haven’t provided details on what that amount might be. There is currently no price tag, Sajjan said Tuesday. “Once we have gone through the right process, have all the necessary information, then we’ll have an actual price tag.” • Email: dpugliese@postmedia.com | Twitter: davidpugliese Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Liberals admit ‘interim’ Super Hornet jets may only fly for 12 years, despite costing billions Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Telly With Melly: Canadian TV ratings for Jan. 16-22Television viewers are taking Bull by the horns, making it one of the most successful new shows of the 2016-17 season.   The CBS drama is based on Phil McGraw — before he was Dr. Phil, back when he was […] Sneak Peek: Puppy Bowl XIII set to take the fieldBow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay! Puppy Bowl XIII is set to air this Sunday, ahead of Super Bowl LI, and the competitors are looking fierce. Fiercely cute, that is. The annual doggie football showdown features Team Ruff and Team Fluff vying for […] Telly With Melly: Viceland’s Rise, The Expanse, PowerlessIf ever there were a time for Viceland’s new series Rise, it’s now. Staunchly focused on indigenous populations and hosted by Sarain Carson Fox, it chronicles their fight against colonization around the world. Specifically, in Friday’s new episode, it deals […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: John Horgan spins leak on carbon tax hike to pump up NDP planSeveral of the New Democratic Party's political anxieties were placed on the public record Thursday, ... Douglas Todd: Inquiry into missing indigenous women adds men and boysThe national inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women and girls has quietly agreed to include... Vaughn Palmer: Premier Clark gets personal to connect with cynical votersOn the day last week when Canadians were encouraged to help end the stigma around mental illness, Premier... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Two aerospace advocacy groups in the state have merged Dan Catchpole Thu Feb 2nd, 2017 3:49pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Two of the state’s leading aerospace advocacy groups — the Aerospace Futures Alliance and the Washington Aerospace Partnership — have merged. The new group retains the name Aerospace Futures Alliance, the more active of the two entities. The merger follows more than a year of discussions between the two sides. “There are several aerospace industry associations in Washington,” said Kelly Maloney, who has stayed on as the alliance’s president. The merger streamlines the advocacy done by the two groups and enhances its support for aerospace businesses, she said. “Our primary mission is still advocating on behalf of everything aerospace in Washington,” including airlines, airports, drones, and airplane makers and their suppliers, Maloney said. “We want to make sure that Washington has a favorable business climate,” she said. Generally, it does, but there are things the alliance wants to improve, including taxpayer support for worker training and education, she said. The alliance plans to expand networking events for members and continue working to keep and grow existing businesses, as well as attracting new ones to the area. The merger comes as the group launches a magazine, Lift, aimed at aerospace industry insiders. The publication is meant to inform readers about how local, national and global trends and developments affect Washington’s aerospace sector. The group is working to get the first edition out before its annual Aerospace Day, which brings industry leaders together with state lawmakers at the State Capitol in Olympia, on Feb. 21. However, the magazine may go to print a few days after then, Maloney said. Lift is launching with a run of 1,000 copies. By the end of the year, Maloney said she wants to be up to about 2,500. The alliance was formed in 2006 and now represents more than 1,400 aerospace companies. Its highest-profile work is in advocating for the industry with lawmakers in Olympia. The Washington Aerospace Partnership was created in 2009 as a collaboration between state and local government, industry and organized labor. In 2013, it led the charge to land Boeing’s new jetliner, the 777X. Boeing did place 777X final assembly and production of its industry-leading composite material wings in Everett. However, the decision came after the state passed a generous tax break package and Machinists union members at Boeing approved a concession-laden contract. The process of landing the 777X left a bitter taste with many on the labor side, who criticized elected officials and industry representatives for pressuring union members to take Boeing’s contract offer. Since then, labor largely had left the Washington Aerospace Partnership. None of its board members represent organized labor. The merger leaves labor without a voice on any of the industry advocacy groups. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole. Most Read Everett mayor changes mind, won’t run for re-election EVERETT — Two weeks after Everett Mayor Ray Stephanson said he was… Feb 2nd, 2017 by Chris Winters and Eric Stevick Everett woman suspected of stealing IDs from vacation rentals EVERETT — A 36-year-old woman would stay in vacation rentals and rummage… Feb 1st, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Everett man allegedly stabs black man for watching white woman EVERETT — A stabbing at the Everett Transit Center on Tuesday appears… Feb 1st, 2017 by Diana Hefley Longtime leader Deborah Knutson’s legacy will live on Deborah Knutson, who headed the Snohomish County Economic Development Council for a… Feb 1st, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Medical devices made in county one of state’s top exports Randy Hamlin came to see the importance of his work firsthand five… Feb 1st, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Grupo Aeromexico Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call 3 February 2017Military News MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. („Aeroméxico”) (BMV: AEROMEX), Mexico’s global airline, will hold its Fourth Quarter 2016 earnings conference call on: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 11:00 AM EST (10:00 AM Mexico City Time & Central Time) Andrés Conesa Labastida, Chief Executive Officer, and Ricardo Sánchez Baker, Chief Financial Officer will host the call and review Grupo Aeromexico’s Fourth Quarter 2016 financial and operational results, followed by a question and answer session. Fourth Quarter results will be released on February 21, 2017 after market close. To participate in the conference call, please dial Toll Free US                1-866-682-6100 Toll International         1-862-255-5401 Registration is required; please dial in at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will be available for replay until March 22, 2017 at 11:59 PM: Toll Free US                 1-877-481-4010 Toll International           1-919-882-2331 Replay Conference ID Number:  10224 The conference call replay can also be accessed via Grupo Aeromexico’s Investor Relations website: http://aeromexico.com/investors/welcome.html About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico´s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 3 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 2 in Asia. The Group’s fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com   www.skyteam.com  http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged aircraft Companies company Conference Call Announcements fleet jet Markets officer Travel World Post navigation Chickapea Pasta Lands in the U.S. – Made with ONLY Two Ingredients – Organic Chickpeas & Lentils – That’s It! Moody’s Upgrades Delphi Credit Rating to Baa2 Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Grupo Aeromexico Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call News provided by Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Feb 02, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. ("Aeroméxico") (BMV: AEROMEX), Mexico's global airline, will hold its Fourth Quarter 2016 earnings conference call on: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 11:00 AM EST (10:00 AM Mexico City Time & Central Time) Andrés Conesa Labastida, Chief Executive Officer, and Ricardo Sánchez Baker, Chief Financial Officer will host the call and review Grupo Aeromexico's Fourth Quarter 2016 financial and operational results, followed by a question and answer session. Fourth Quarter results will be released on February 21, 2017 after market close. To participate in the conference call, please dial Toll Free US                1-866-682-6100 Toll International         1-862-255-5401 Registration is required; please dial in at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The conference call will be available for replay until March 22, 2017 at 11:59 PM: Toll Free US                 1-877-481-4010 Toll International           1-919-882-2331 Replay Conference ID Number:  10224 The conference call replay can also be accessed via Grupo Aeromexico's Investor Relations website: http://aeromexico.com/investors/welcome.html About Grupo Aeromexico Grupo Aeromexico, S.A.B. de C.V. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in commercial aviation in Mexico and the promotion of passenger loyalty programs. Aeromexico, Mexico´s global airline, operates more than 600 daily flights and its main hub is in Terminal 2 at the Mexico City International Airport. Its destinations network features more than 80 cities on three continents, including 45 destinations in Mexico, 17 in the United States, 15 in Latin America, 3 in Canada, 4 in Europe, and 2 in Asia. The Group's fleet of more than 130 aircraft is comprised of Boeing 787, 777 and 737 jet airliners and next generation Embraer 145, 170 and 190 models. In 2012, the airline announced the most significant investment strategy in aviation history in Mexico, to purchase 100 Boeing aircraft including 90 MAX B737 jet airliners and 10 B787-9 Dreamliners. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Aeromexico offers customers more than 1,000 destinations in 177 countries served by the 20 SkyTeam airline partners rewarding passengers with benefits including access to 636 premium airport lounges around the world. Aeromexico also offers travel on its codeshare partner flights with Delta Air Lines, Alaska Airlines, Avianca, Copa Airlines and Westjet, with extensive connectivity in countries like the United States, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Peru. www.aeromexico.com   www.skyteam.com  http://disfrutaam.tumblr.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/grupo-aeromexico-announces-fourth-quarter-2016-earnings-conference-call-300401723.html SOURCE Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Related Links http://www.aeromexico.com Jan 09, 2017, 09:08 ET Preview: Aeromexico Reports December 2016 Traffic Results My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 09, 2017, 09:08 ETAeromexico Reports December 2016 Traffic Results Dec 07, 2016, 09:21 ETAeromexico Reports November 2016 Traffic Results Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Grupo Aeromexico Announces Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call News provided by Grupo Aeromexico S.A.B. de C.V. Feb 02, 2017, 18:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
ON NEWSSTANDS 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News Uber CEO Will Reportedly Step Down From Trump’s Advisory Council Following Criticism “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda,” Travis Kalanick wrote in a memo to employees. By Ben Dandridge-Lemco   Steve Jennings / Getty Images Travis Kalanick, the chief executive officer of Uber, says he will leave President Donald Trump's advisory council, CNN reports. Kalanick faced intense criticism from Uber employees and customers for saying that he would continue to serve on the council after an executive order that bans refugees from seven majority Muslim countries. "Earlier today I spoke briefly with the president about the immigration executive order and its issues for our community," Kalanick said in the memo. "I also let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." Kalanick was one of 16 business leader on the council, which also included JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, former GE CEO Jack Welch, Elon Musk of Tesla , Mary Barra of General Motors, Larry Fink of Blackrock and Jim McNerney of Boeing. The council was scheduled to have its first meeting on Friday. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that," Kalanick wrote. "The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America. Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." February 02, 2017 Politics, Technology Read full story Come through for today’s top stories Trending music / News Beyoncé Just Shared More Pictures And A Poem From Her Pregnancy Announcement culture / Feature How This Trap Yoga Studio Became A Sanctuary For Black People culture / News On The Skit That “Killed” Chappelle’s Show culture / News Over 1,000 New York City Bodegas Will Close On Thursday To Protest Trump’s Immigration Ban music / News Awol Erizku Is The Artist Behind Beyoncé’s Incredible Pregnancy Announcement Portrait culture / News Uber CEO Will Reportedly Step Down From Trump’s Advisory Council Following Criticism Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 107 Dec/Jan 2017 The Faith Issue Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Military Aircraft Avionics Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Reportlinker Feb 02, 2017, 17:27 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details Military Aircraft Avionics– our new defence market study reveals the trends, R&D progress, and predicted revenues What is the trajectory within the Military Aircraft Avionics market space? If you are involved in avionics sector you must read this brand new report. Visiongain's report shows you the potential revenues streams to 2027, assessing data, trends, opportunities and business prospects there. Discover How to Stay Ahead Our 273 page report provides 311 tables, charts, and graphs. Read on to discover the most lucrative areas in the defence electronics industry and the future avionics market prospects. Our new study lets you assess forecast sales at overall world market and regional level. You will see financial results, interviews, trends, opportunities, and revenue predictions. Much opportunity remains in this growing Military Aircraft Avionics market. Forecasts from 2017-2027 and other analyses reveal the commercial prospects - In addition to revenue forecasting to 2027, our new study provides you with recent results, growth rates, and regional market shares. - You will find original analyses, with business outlooks and developments. - Discover qualitative analyses (including SWOT/PEST analysis), product profiles and commercial developments. Discover sales predictions for the world market and submarkets Along with revenue predictions for the overall world market, you will find revenue forecasts to 2027 for the following submarkets at the global level and also within each of the 10 leading national markets. - Fixed-Wing Military Aircraft Forward-Fit Avionics - Fixed-Wing Military Aircraft Retrofit Avionics - Rotary-Wing Military Aircraft Forward-Fit Avionics - Rotary-Wing Military Aircraft Retrofit Avionics Our investigation discusses what stimulates and restrains business. You will understand the dynamics of the military avionics industry and assess its potential future sales, discovering the critical factors likely to achieve success. What are the prospects in the leading regions and countries? You will discover individual revenue forecasts for 10 leading national military avionics markets from 2017-2027 which are also segmented further by the 4 individual submarkets. - Australia - France - Germany - India - Israel - Italy - Japan - Saudi Arabia - UK - US - ROW Find details of 70 Military Aircraft Avionics contracts & programmes Contracts are detailed by leading national market and by leading company There will be growth in established Military Aircraft Avionics markets and in developing countries. Our analyses show that India and the US will both continue to achieve high revenue growth to 2027. Leading companies and the potential for market growth Overall world revenue for Military Aircraft Avionics will reach $22,549m in 2017, our work calculates. We predict strong revenue growth through to 2027. Market entry of matured US defence programme products, investment from countries like India and Israel and increasing demand for retrofit avionics suites will increase sales to 2027. Our work identifies which organisations hold the greatest potential. Discover their capabilities, progress, and commercial prospects, helping you stay ahead. - Airbus Group SE - BAE Systems plc - The Boeing Company - Elbit Systems - Harris Corporation - L-3 Communications Holdings - Leonardo-Finmeccanica - Lockheed Martin Corporation - Northrop Grumman Corporation - Raytheon Company - Rockwell Collins Inc - Textron Inc - Thales Group What issues will affect the Military Aircraft Avionics industry? Our new report discusses the issues and events affecting the Military Aircraft Avionics market. You will find discussions, including qualitative analyses: - Value of avionics systems - Fear of unstable defence investment - Technological issues - Barriers to entry You will see discussions of technological, commercial, and economic matters, with emphasis on the competitive landscape and business outlooks. How the Military Aircraft Avionics report helps you In summary, our 273 page report provides you with the following knowledge: - Revenue forecasts to 2027 for the world Military Aircraft Avionics market and 4 submarkets – discover the industry's prospects, finding the most lucrative places for investments and revenues - Revenue forecasts to 2027 for the leading 10 national markets – Australia, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Saudi Arabia, UK, US, and ROW - Further qualitative analysis of 2 national markets in the Rest of the World section: China and Russia - Predicted revenues of 4 leading Military Aircraft Avionics submarkets to 2027 – see the potentials of leading products - Discussion of what stimulates and restrains companies and the market - Prospects for established firms and those seeking to enter the market You will find quantitative and qualitative analyses with independent predictions. You will receive information that only our report contains, staying informed with this invaluable business intelligence. Information found nowhere else With our survey you are less likely to fall behind in knowledge or miss opportunity. See how you could benefit your research, analyses, and decisions. Also see how you can save time and receive recognition for commercial insight. Visiongain's study is for everybody needing commercial analyses for the Military Aircraft Avionics market and leading companies. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Military Aircraft Avionics Market Report 2017-2027: Forecasts by (Fixed-Wing Forward-Fit, Fixed-Wing Retrofit, Rotary-Wing Forward-Fit, Rotary-Wing Retrofit) And 10 Leading Regional Markets, Plus Details of 70 Contracts, Programmes & Opportunities for Leading Defence Companies With F-35, P-8 & Eurofighter Typhoon report. Avoid missing out – order our report now. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04671985-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/military-aircraft-avionics-market-report-2017-2027-300401701.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Feb 02, 2017, 17:10 ET Preview: Air Traffic Management Market by Domain, End-Use, Investment Type, Airport Class, System & Region - Global Forecast to 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 17:10 ETAir Traffic Management Market by Domain, End-Use, Investment... Feb 02, 2017, 16:58 ETEmergency Spill Response Market by Type, Services, Spill... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Military Aircraft Avionics Market Report 2017-2027 News provided by Reportlinker Feb 02, 2017, 17:27 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred location Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to Heart Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Weird Events Win Charity Bingo TV Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Home News UK & World Revealed: China's Xinwei is Doncasters bidder 2nd February 2017, 20:01 A Chinese tycoon who once ranked among the world's richest men is the mystery figure behind a £1bn-plus takeover bid for Doncasters Group, one of the UK's oldest engineering companies. Sky News has learnt that Beijing Xinwei, a telecoms technology provider, is in detailed talks to buy Doncasters in a deal that has raised security concerns about the sale of the British company's defence operations. Xinwei is headed by Wang Jing, a billionaire who in 2015 was ranked by Forbes magazine among the world's 200 wealthiest people. Sharp falls in Chinese equity markets later that year, and the pledging of a multibillion dollar stake in Xinwei as collateral were responsible for a decline in his paper fortune of more than 80%, Forbes said. The reasons for Mr Wang's interest in Doncasters are unclear, and people aware of Xinwei's talks to buy the British company cautioned that there was no certainty that a deal would be completed. Sky News revealed last week that Doncasters' defence unit was expected to be separated ahead of a Chinese takeover amid concerns about the ownership of a unit which produces missile fins and components for launch systems. It is unclear whether those issues have been raised by the Ministry of Defence or other parts of the UK Government about the deal. Ministers previously intervened to prevent a Chinese takeover of Sheffield Forgemasters, which makes parts for the UK's fleet of nuclear submarines. Doncasters, which was founded in 1778 when Daniel Doncaster set up a hand-tool casting business in Sheffield, counts Boeing and Rolls Royce among the customers of its broader aerospace business, which accounts for the vast majority of its sales. Doncasters' defence division accounts for less than 5% of group revenues, meaning that its separation is not material to the sale price, according to a person close to the company. However, a separation of the unit is potentially complex because of systems and other issues, another source added. A Chinese takeover of Doncasters could be signed within weeks of Theresa May's launch of an industrial strategy aimed at positioning the UK strongly to exploit emerging technologies. A green paper published last week said little about the issue of foreign takeovers of British companies, an issue that has previously attracted the Prime Minister's attention. A separate document on the issue relating to overseas ownership of critical national infrastructure is expected to be published by the end of March. Midlands-based Doncasters specialises in working with metals and alloys that are difficult to shape, and employs more than 5,000 people. It is expected to fetch well over £1bn from a sale, which is being handled by Goldman Sachs. Blackstone, Carlyle and Clayton Dubilier & Rice, three big private equity groups, have also examined bids for Doncasters, but sources said that Xinwei was now the only active party in talks with Dubai International Capital (DIC), its current owner. Doncasters has been part of the portfolio of DIC, a private investment vehicle of the emirate's ruling family which is now being wound down, since 2006. In 2014, the British manufacturer made underlying pre-tax profit of about £136m, roughly flat on the previous year. A Doncasters spokeswoman declined to comment. (c) Sky News 2017: Revealed: China's Xinwei is Doncasters bidder Video North Korea fires spy chief after high-level inquiry North Korea has fired its spy chief amid an investigation into corruption, abuse of power and torture committed by his agency, according to Seoul. Uber boss Travis Kalanick quits Trump business advisory group Uber's boss has quit Donald Trump's business advisory council in a move aimed at distancing the ride-sharing app from the President's policy agenda. Video US Defence Secretary Mattis warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response to nuclear attack US Defence Secretary James Mattis has warned North Korea that any use of nuclear weapons on America or its allies will be met with an "effective and overwhelming" response. Supermarkets ration lettuces as bad weather hits supplies Some supermarkets are rationing vegetables after bad weather hit crops across Europe. Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Is Zooey Deschanel Expecting? Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Bond Director Sam Mendes Is Off The Market! Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps: Ciara Works The Red Carpet Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World Misophonia: Hating certain sounds could signal brain abnormality 'Fake jobs' scandal threatens Fillon as damaging video emerges Government 'needs to raise its game' on cyber security, MPs warn PM heads for talks with EU leaders on Brexit and migration crisis Russia hacking aims to disrupt democracy, says Sir Michael Fallon See all UK & World Showbiz Ed Sheeran slams online touts after gig tickets go on sale for up to £1,000 Arnold Schwarzenegger asks Donald Trump: 'Why don't we switch jobs?' Drake promises refund after Travis Scott's O2 stage plunge Beyonce pregnant with twins: Singer poses with baby bump Matthew McConaughey says Gold character is his 'favourite' See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © This is Global Limited 2017
Latest News Dow 19,885 -6.03 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,636 -6.45 -0.11% S&P 500 2,281 +1.30 +0.06% 4:02 A.M. ET Eurozone final services PMI at 53.7 in January vs. 53.6 flash reading 2/02 Updated California leads states’ fight to break Trump’s authoritarian wave 3:37 A.M. ET Updated Asian markets close mixed as Trump jitters persist 3:07 A.M. ET Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Carlos Slim's América Móvil swings to loss 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 3:02 A.M. ET Germany takes U.K.'s commercial real-estate crown 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 18,312.09 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,136.97 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 362.59 2:41 A.M. ET Updated Brexit bill clears key hurdle in parliament— what happens next? 2:16 A.M. ET Updated Metro profit rises despite weak holiday sales 2:11 A.M. ET Updated Trump administration plans to scale back Dodd-Frank law 2:01 A.M. ET China tightens monetary policy via repo-rates rise 1:44 A.M. ET Sharp records first quarterly profit in 2 years 1:43 A.M. ET Updated Global gold investment demand for 2016 hit highest level in 4 years: report 1:20 A.M. ET Oil up on hopes over production cuts, but investors wary over U.S. politics 1:06 A.M. ET China Caixin manufacturing PMI shows growth battle 1:04 A.M. ET Dollar holds steady, yen volatile as investors watch BOJ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Military Aircraft Avionics Market Report 2017-2027 By Published: Feb 2, 2017 5:27 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Report DetailsMilitary Aircraft Avionics– our new defence market study reveals the trends, R&D progress, and predicted revenues What is the trajectory within the Military Aircraft Avionics market space? If you are involved in avionics sector you must read this brand new report. Visiongain's report shows you the potential revenues streams to 2027, assessing data, trends, opportunities and business prospects there. Discover How to Stay AheadOur 273 page report provides 311 tables, charts, and graphs. Read on to discover the most lucrative areas in the defence electronics industry and the future avionics market prospects. Our new study lets you assess forecast sales at overall world market and regional level. You will see financial results, interviews, trends, opportunities, and revenue predictions. Much opportunity remains in this growing Military Aircraft Avionics market. Forecasts from 2017-2027 and other analyses reveal the commercial prospects- In addition to revenue forecasting to 2027, our new study provides you with recent results, growth rates, and regional market shares. - You will find original analyses, with business outlooks and developments. - Discover qualitative analyses (including SWOT/PEST analysis), product profiles and commercial developments. Discover sales predictions for the world market and submarketsAlong with revenue predictions for the overall world market, you will find revenue forecasts to 2027 for the following submarkets at the global level and also within each of the 10 leading national markets. - Fixed-Wing Military Aircraft Forward-Fit Avionics - Fixed-Wing Military Aircraft Retrofit Avionics - Rotary-Wing Military Aircraft Forward-Fit Avionics - Rotary-Wing Military Aircraft Retrofit Avionics Our investigation discusses what stimulates and restrains business. You will understand the dynamics of the military avionics industry and assess its potential future sales, discovering the critical factors likely to achieve success. What are the prospects in the leading regions and countries?You will discover individual revenue forecasts for 10 leading national military avionics markets from 2017-2027 which are also segmented further by the 4 individual submarkets. - Australia - France - Germany - India - Israel - Italy - Japan - Saudi Arabia - UK - US - ROW Find details of 70 Military Aircraft Avionics contracts & programmesContracts are detailed by leading national market and by leading company There will be growth in established Military Aircraft Avionics markets and in developing countries. Our analyses show that India and the US will both continue to achieve high revenue growth to 2027. Leading companies and the potential for market growthOverall world revenue for Military Aircraft Avionics will reach $22,549m in 2017, our work calculates. We predict strong revenue growth through to 2027. Market entry of matured US defence programme products, investment from countries like India and Israel and increasing demand for retrofit avionics suites will increase sales to 2027. Our work identifies which organisations hold the greatest potential. Discover their capabilities, progress, and commercial prospects, helping you stay ahead.- Airbus Group SE - BAE Systems plc - The Boeing Company - Elbit Systems - Harris Corporation - L-3 Communications Holdings - Leonardo-Finmeccanica - Lockheed Martin Corporation - Northrop Grumman Corporation - Raytheon Company - Rockwell Collins Inc - Textron Inc - Thales Group What issues will affect the Military Aircraft Avionics industry?Our new report discusses the issues and events affecting the Military Aircraft Avionics market. You will find discussions, including qualitative analyses: - Value of avionics systems - Fear of unstable defence investment - Technological issues - Barriers to entry You will see discussions of technological, commercial, and economic matters, with emphasis on the competitive landscape and business outlooks. How the Military Aircraft Avionics report helps youIn summary, our 273 page report provides you with the following knowledge: - Revenue forecasts to 2027 for the world Military Aircraft Avionics market and 4 submarkets – discover the industry's prospects, finding the most lucrative places for investments and revenues - Revenue forecasts to 2027 for the leading 10 national markets – Australia, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Saudi Arabia, UK, US, and ROW - Further qualitative analysis of 2 national markets in the Rest of the World section: China and Russia - Predicted revenues of 4 leading Military Aircraft Avionics submarkets to 2027 – see the potentials of leading products - Discussion of what stimulates and restrains companies and the market - Prospects for established firms and those seeking to enter the market You will find quantitative and qualitative analyses with independent predictions. You will receive information that only our report contains, staying informed with this invaluable business intelligence. Information found nowhere elseWith our survey you are less likely to fall behind in knowledge or miss opportunity. See how you could benefit your research, analyses, and decisions. Also see how you can save time and receive recognition for commercial insight. Visiongain's study is for everybody needing commercial analyses for the Military Aircraft Avionics market and leading companies. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Military Aircraft Avionics Market Report 2017-2027: Forecasts by (Fixed-Wing Forward-Fit, Fixed-Wing Retrofit, Rotary-Wing Forward-Fit, Rotary-Wing Retrofit) And 10 Leading Regional Markets, Plus Details of 70 Contracts, Programmes & Opportunities for Leading Defence Companies With F-35, P-8 & Eurofighter Typhoon report. Avoid missing out – order our report now. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04671985-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/military-aircraft-avionics-market-report-2017-2027-300401701.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why the oil market shrugs at Trump’s warning to Iran Snap IPO: Six things we now know about Snapchat parent company Elon Musk distances himself from Donald Trump The path won’t be straight, but gold’s bullish trajectory is set As GoPro drowns, is it begging for Apple to save it? MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Caterpillar, Boeing Weigh on DJIA Thursday By Paul Ausick February 2, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet February 2, 2017: Markets opened lower Thursday and after bobbing above and below the break-even line, appear to have settled in the red as the session reaches its close. Among the S&P’s 11 sectors, telecom was the big loser while real estate and consumer staples posted the biggest gains. Traders are patiently expecting Friday’s employment situation report. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $53.54 a barrel, down about 0.6% on the day. April gold added 0.9% on the day to settle at $1,219.40. Equities were headed for a mixed close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.02% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.06%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.14%. Stocks traded very near the break even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could differ from these results. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Thursday was Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) which traded down 1.48% at $93.70. The stock’s 52-week range is $60.51 to $99.46. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 4.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Thursday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded down 1.21% at $160.74. The stock’s 52-week range is $108.83 to $164.00. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 4 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 1.04% at $162.27. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $170.00. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday, but another competitor for the Air Force training jet contract dropped out Wednesday. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) traded down 0.55% at $63.23. The stock’s 52-week range is $48.04 to $65.91. Volume was about 30% above the daily average of around 26 million shares. The company had no specific news Thursday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Thursday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What If Rite Aid Just Decides to Walk Away From Walgreens and Go It Alone? Ralph Lauren, Rite Aid Drop into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's 15 Fastest Growing Companies The Best and Worst States to Grow Old 7 Dirt Cheap S&P 500 Value Stocks for Massive Upside Potential for 2017 and 2018 States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes Recent Snapchat’s IPO Filing View: Losses Galore and No Shareholder Voting Rights Why FireEye Shares Are at All-Time Lows After Earnings (Hint: It’s Ugly) Why Amgen Earnings Are So Incredible Why Visa Won Big on Q1 Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things to Watch When Activision Blizzard Reports Earnings GoPro Drops on a Mixed Holiday Quarter, Disappointing Guidance 4 Reasons To Avoid Under Armour Inc. Stock Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 Ralph Lauren (RL) Stock Falls as CEO Announces Leave FireEye Stock Slumps After Q4 Earnings Report Bartosiak: Trading Mallinckrodt's (MNK) Earnings with Options U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies Hong Kong Shares Fall For 4th Session on China Policy Surprise Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Job Growth Seen Picking Up Speed in January How The Fast-Food Chain Led By Trump's Labor Nominee Stiffed Workers Again And Again Disney CEO Will Miss Meeting With Trump Amid Backlash Over Travel Bans Snap Makes $3 Billion IPO Details Public Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live View of NRG Stadium, Site of Super Bowl LI Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas Graze at the Stargazer Ranch Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Breitbart Editor's Appearance Canceled After Protests Turn Violent at UC Berkeley More Protesters started fires and broke windows before a scheduled speech by Milo Yiannopoulos at the university. 3:55 | 02/02/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Breitbart Editor's Appearance Canceled After Protests Turn Violent at UC Berkeley I asked my students at UC Berkeley stage pro and protests against them planned speech of mine and if Bryant aren't a whole thing got violent. And you know I can't say this strongly enough. You can protest any speaker you want to but the minute you get by haven't you say you protest because you wanted to protect people is up and then you go on burn people stopped what panel that. An it all happen that numerically and you should not you can you can protest and say we don't want this pickle uncle here because the problem. With you saying stop business president can't come in depression you want to come and will be stopped by somebody else Martin Luther King that always talked about when you get violently betray the message of what your yeah saying over and loser pat you. Protesters at. Outside agitators are the protesters did not do this but we don't know yeah how well I did it's that's the that's the problem due to her you get you get. Everyone gets. Lumped together and it becomes they did not want to but com's. All the protestors did their part yeah so what I'm saying is listen. Outside agitate his. You're not helping now you're not helping because you are burning peoples' businesses. You are sending people back what now man protest all you want to stop. Yeah I just and everybody has a right well I know I'm I think you. It has a right to speak but basically. When I wasn't Collins. They really dead at people who are going to speak clearly you know there was a you know maybe that people like god JFK would come to the school you know what I mean it wasn't just some troll on the Internet but which is what this guy basically hit is that went that is not how I know it yet but he does now anymore credit if he was somebody got the republic had what young Republicans club I'm saying haven't gotten the first First Amendment person I really believe and it. But this guy I want what they invite this guy yeah he has been banned from twin there he made car comments against Leslie Jones from S and yes he said at least a new ghost busters has a hot black guy and it meaning crap. Now what they hear is hate speech. His speech that offends threatens or insults groups based on race color religion national large and sexual orientation disability so he's a sexist he's fast he's. Yeah I did he can't just hearing less of that does not art painted consulted they want to invite him that's fine you don't have to dolce and yet you don't have roasting it but you cannot just you and then went on how to price agreement weekend protest outside when you don't have to Boeing went to. Don't have the right to destroy other people stop what's ironic about it is that virtually. I drink a lot of press that her. Let's hope a free speech darkly was the place on earth reach one nasty spike started anyways believe don't realize how is it that. If you start objecting to everyone that you disagree with and that's the person you might ask he had come down jet you can't. The people did not only does yeah I'm but it's time is a racist colorful if that's true if that's it and hey bill you're just going to patients is by not showing up last. An empty room at peak and they and I have to say they don't ever write. I mean pilots right to be buying know that we actually that that's what. But that's what we're talking about center. Everyone who dissed him who disagrees with me should be banned also is open house saying that existed at I think what I would attract the first thing he says is where got a break when got to withdraw federal fines knee jerk react something I don't know that can't happen and that's the first thing you're not allowed to do that because people are allowed to protest that's part of hey yeah however I am however. You can protest anybody and anyone can protest do you have the right to do that that's what would sing but. You do not have the right to destroy. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Violent Protests Break Out at UC Berkeley Now Playing: Lady Gaga Hopes Her Super Bowl Performance Will Unite People Now Playing: Luke Bryan on Singing at the Super Bowl: I'll 'Put My Stamp' on the National Anthem Now Playing: Trump Jokingly Offers Prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger Now Playing: Breaking Down Beyonce's Baby Announcement Now Playing: Breitbart Editor's Appearance Canceled After Protests Turn Violent at UC Berkeley Now Playing: Life on Top of the Soccer World Now Playing: SAG Awards Heat Up the Race to the Oscars Now Playing: Viral Drummer Boy Performs Live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Touring Game of Thrones Filming Locations in Dubrovnik Now Playing: Toddler's Hilarious Reaction to Seeing a Glass of Wine Now Playing: Beyonce Announces She's Expecting Twins Now Playing: Roger Goodell Fields Super Bowl Questions Now Playing: 'GMA' Super Snack Showdown: Southern Sweets N' Spice Chicken Burger Recipe Now Playing: 'GMA' Super Snack Showdown: Fired Up Honey BBQ Wings Recipe Now Playing: Beyonce Expecting Twins With Jay Z Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: High School Coach Gets Super Bowl Surprise Now Playing: Lauren Alaina Performs 'Doin' Fine' Live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Lauren Alaina Performs 'Road Less Traveled' Live in Times Square Now Playing: Annette Bening: 'I Like This Stage of Life' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":45227298,"title":"Breitbart Editor's Appearance Canceled After Protests Turn Violent at UC Berkeley ","duration":"3:55","description":"Protesters started fires and broke windows before a scheduled speech by Milo Yiannopoulos at the university. ","url":"/Entertainment/video/breitbart-editors-appearance-canceled-protests-turn-violent-uc-45227298","section":"Entertainment","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Communities South County Rohr exhibit revisits industry that shaped Chula Vista Grand opening of the Rohr Aircraft exhibit in the Chula Vista Civic Center Library. Chadd Cady Attendees at the opening of a new exhibit on Rohr Aircraft Company at the Chula Vista Civic Center Library inside the Heritage Museum. Attendees at the opening of a new exhibit on Rohr Aircraft Company at the Chula Vista Civic Center Library inside the Heritage Museum. (Chadd Cady) Allison Sampite-MontecalvoContact Reporter “Better. Faster. Cheaper.” That was Fred “Pappy” Rohr’s motto for manufacturing airplane parts, and it saturated Chula Vista from the early 40s through the 90s. His business, Rohr Aircraft Company, played a major role in U.S. military aviation in WWII, and it changed the face of the city. By 1945, the company employed nearly 10,000 people in its 67 buildings on 162 acres along the Chula Vista bayfront from G Street to J Street. More than 70 years later, Rohr’s life’s work is being honored in an exhibit at the Chula Vista Heritage Museum, which is housed in the Civic Center library on F Street. Attendees of the new Rohr Aircraft exhibit inside the Chula Vista Civic Center Library check out a display. Chadd Cady Attendees of the new Rohr Aircraft exhibit inside the Chula Vista Civic Center Library check out a display. Attendees of the new Rohr Aircraft exhibit inside the Chula Vista Civic Center Library check out a display. (Chadd Cady) The exhibit includes photographs, archives from the library’s local history collection, memorabilia from the Rohr family and anecdotes from retired employees. Rohr died in 1965 at the age of 69. Chula Vista historian Steven Schoenherr, who spent nearly a year collecting historical information for the exhibit, gave a presentation during Sunday’s grand opening. A few dozen retired Rohr employees were among the nearly 200 that attended the event, including husband and wife Ray and Margie Inman. Margie Inman, 76, worked at Rohr between 1968 and 1976, starting as a switchboard operator. Ray Inman, 71, began in 1963 in the computer room, stacking computer cards. He later ran the machine that stamped Rohr’s name onto employee checks. “The reason I wanted to come was to send an email to my brother who worked for Rohr for 43 years and tell him all about it,” Ray Inman said. “This is wonderful to see.” Mary Cecena and her sister Susan Flesch attended the event to see their father’s pay stub, which they donated for a display along with a canvas bag that held his earnings that one time. Mary said her dad, Arnold Cecena, was a spot welder at Rohr for 37 years, raising six children on a $54 weekly paycheck. “Being born and raised here in Chula Vista, Rohr is part of our life,” Cecena said. “At the time, it was our bread and butter.” On Dec. 10, 1954 it was silver dollar payday. Rohr paid all of his employees in silver dollars fresh from the mint factory in San Francisco, which ended up filling registers all over town. Several of Rohr’s family members, including his granddaughter Jennifer Luther, attended the grand opening. Frederick Hilmer Rohr was born in 1896 in New Jersey to the son of a German immigrant, and he worked with his father as an apprentice in his sheet metal shop. Rohr served in the U.S. Navy during WWI and moved to San Diego in 1924, starting his own sheet metal shop. While working downtown at the San Diego airplane factory Ryan Aeronautical Company, he met pilot Charles Lindbergh. Rohr became one of the four members of the “Night Hawk” team that would build Lindbergh’s plane that got him across the Atlantic on the famous “Spirit of St. Louis” flight in 1927. After Lindbergh’s flight, Rohr went to work at Solar Aircraft Company where he developed a drop hammer system, an important innovation created to shape complex airplane parts, making them thinner and lighter. Today a drop hammer sits at Bay Boulevard Park as a historical landmark in Chula Vista. The success of the drop hammer led to a job for Rohr as a sheet metal engineer at the Boeing Airplane Company in Seattle. He started Rohr Aircraft Company on Aug. 6, 1940 out of his garage with four other men. Mainly because of Rohr’s growth, Chula Vista’s population went from about 4,000 in 1940 to almost 30,000 people in 1955. During WWII, thousands of women began working in factories at Rohr. They became known as “Rosie the Riveters.” Equally as important were the spot welders. Chula Vista Mayor Mary Casillas Salas’ mother Paula Casillas worked as one at Rohr from 1942 to 1945. Casillas Salas said her family owes their “middle-class life” to Rohr. “One thing my mother told me that was true of many of the Mexican-American families, was that working at Rohr took her out of the farm and into the factory,” the mayor said. The family had a living wage with benefits that allowed them to buy a home and “become part of the American Dream.” Rohr was Chula Vista’s largest private sector employer until the mid-90s. Specifically it was responsible for building the engine pods or nacelles for the B-24 long range bomber and building a portion of the F-14 Tomcat. Rohr also designed solid rocket motor casings, seals and nozzles for the space shuttle that launched in 1981. Rohr was bought by B. F. Goodrich in 1997 and the Goodrich Corp. was acquired by United Technologies in 2012.  The former Rohr company is now known as UTC Aerospace Systems-Aerostructures. Today Aerostructures produces engine nacelles, the aerodynamic covering around an airplane’s engines, for a variety of commercial airplanes. Three must-see headlines  <h1>Baby born at San Diego River transient camp</h1> <h1>Where are San Diego's 'Fatal 15' intersections?</h1> <h1>Dalai Lama to give commencement address at UC San Diego</h1>     Baby born at San Diego River transient camp Where are San Diego's 'Fatal 15' intersections? Dalai Lama to give commencement address at UC San Diego   See more videos Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Chula Vista US Politics NFL Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Jobs Homes Cars 57°
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... US threatens North Korea with 'overwhelming' retaliation if it uses nuclear arms International — 5h 2m ago Warren drags Tillerson into fight over SEC rule Senate — 6h 7m ago Trump Cabinet picks offer hope for environmental progress Contributors — 6h 9m ago Chris Christie: Attorney general job ‘would have been a hard thing to turn down’ Blog Briefing Room — 6h 46m ago Angelina Jolie: Barring refugees is 'not our way' In The Know — 7h 9m ago Judge dismisses Melania Trump's lawsuit against Daily Mail: report Blog Briefing Room — 7h 19m ago Report: WH blocked State Dept from issuing its own Holocaust statement Blog Briefing Room — 7h 41m ago Grassley wants Trump admin to release 'covert' refugee deal Floor Action — 7h 44m ago view all   Trump to Samsung: US ‘would love to have you’ By Mark Hensch - 02/02/17 01:38 PM EST 19   © Getty Images President Trump tweeted Thursday that the United States would welcome a Samsung Electronics factory on its soil. “Thank you, @Samsung!” Trump wrote, including a link to an Axios article about a possible Samsung facility in the U.S. "We would love to have you!” Axios reported that Samsung building a U.S. factory would make it the only major appliance company besides Whirlpool to manufacture its products in America. ADVERTISEMENT A source familiar with the matter told Reuters that Samsung is considering building a manufacturing base in the U.S. Samsung had not yet decided on specifics for the possible project, including how much it might invest or where the base would be located. Reuters’s source added that the South Korean company was mulling the potential new facility for its home-appliances business. Samsung told Reuters in an emailed statement that it continues to “evaluate new investment needs” in the U.S. Reuters added that it had confirmed LG Electronics is pondering a move similar to Samsung’s with a separate source familiar with the situation. LG is reportedly eyeing Tennessee for a new home appliances and television plant that is under consideration, it said. The company, which is also South Korean, previously announced it plans on constructing a U.S. manufacturing facility in January. Trump has repeatedly vowed to help the U.S. labor force by renegotiating global trade deals and emphasizing domestic manufacturing. The president has also often used Twitter to criticize and pressure businesses and their policies. Trump harshly criticized Boeing late last year over the cost of a new Air Force One plane, calling for the company’s contract to get canceled. “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion,” he tweeted on Dec. 6, 2016. "Cancel order!” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said following his second meeting with Trump on Jan. 17 the pair had made “progress” on lowering the vehicle’s cost. Tags Samsung, LG Electronics, South Korea, Donald Trump, Business, Electronics, Manufacturing, Politics   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Poll: 4 in 10 support impeaching... More than half of voters prefer former President Barack Obama to Trump. 469 Shares 2 Shouting match over Russia erupts... The fight exposed bitter frustration amongst Democrats. 308 Shares 3 Senate schedules 6:30 am vote on... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has scheduled a vote at 6:... 300 Shares 4 House votes to overturn Obama gun... Critics said the rule stripped Second Amendment rights from people who are... 258 Shares 5 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump... Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately took to Twitter to respond to President... 228 Shares 6 Questions rise about Trump-ordered... The first military operation ordered by President Trump may have resulted... 181 Shares 7 McCain calls Australian ambassador... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Thursday that he spoke to the Australian... 149 Shares 8 Trump taps CIA veteran for agency'... Former officials praised Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the CIA. 142 Shares 9 Pelosi town hall question on... The question House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi faced on capitalism and... 125 Shares 10 Two GOP senators to vote no on... Sens. Collins and Murkowski said they would oppose Betsy DeVos. 110 Shares 11 Judge dismisses Melania Trump's... First lady Melania Trump's $150 million defamation suit against the Daily... 106 Shares 12 Time cover labels Bannon ‘The... Time magazine’s latest edition features President Trump’s senior counselor... 97 Shares 13 GOP talk shifts from replacing... Key Republican lawmakers are shifting their goal on ObamaCare from... 95 Shares 14 US threatens North Korea with '... '[A]ny use of nuclear weapons would be met with a response that would be... 91 Shares 15 DeVos poised to take step toward... The Senate is expected to vote Friday morning to advance the nomination of... 82 Shares 16 GOP lawmaker withdraws bill to... Rep. Jason Chaffetz faced a backlash from conservation and sportsmen’s... 82 Shares 17 GOP pushes back final DeVos vote... Senate Republicans are postponing a final vote on controversial Education... 74 Shares 18 Republicans impatient with anti-... Republican lawmakers are frustrated with mounting dissent from civil... 70 Shares 19 Trump threatens funding cut if UC... President Trump early Thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the... 67 Shares 20 Lawmaker to propose abolishing EPA A House Republican is working to write a bill that, if passed, would... 64 Shares 21 Senate subcommittee to launch... The Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism announced the investigation into... 64 Shares 22 Sanders, Cruz to face off in... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) will go to battle... 61 Shares 23 Treasury amends Russian sanctions... The Treasury Department on Thursday amended former President Obama’s most... 61 Shares 24 Warren drags Tillerson into fight... Warren blasted Tillerson for his lobbying efforts as Exxon Mobil CEO. 59 Shares 25 White House warns Israel on... The White House on Thursday warned Israel to stop settlement announcements... 57 Shares 26 Howard Stern: Presidency will be '... 'I don't think it's going to be a healthy experience.' 56 Shares 27 Prominent Putin critic... "Vladimir Putin does not deserve any benefit of the doubt here," Sen.... 54 Shares 28 Trump opens National Prayer... President Trump on Thursday addressed the National Prayer Breakfast,... 54 Shares 29 Second GOP senator phones... Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) called Australia’s ambassador on Thursday to... 52 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Entertainment Next Drop, Mars: Super Bowl Fans Lift Off to Space on NASA 'Future Flight' Ride By Robert Z. Pearlman, collectSPACE.com Editor | February 2, 2017 11:27am ET MORE NASA’s Future Flight ride at Super Bowl LIVE in Houston launches to Mars before dropping to the 50 yard line. Credit: collectSPACE.com HOUSTON — As football fans make their way to Houston for the Super Bowl on Sunday (Feb. 5), NASA is offering a quick way to reach the 50 yard line at the Big Game — by "dropping in" from Mars. The space agency partnered with the Houston Super Bowl Host Committee to present Future Flight, a VR-enhanced amusement park drop tower ride that launches guests on a journey to the Red Planet. "You're about to blow past humanity's boundaries," a guide says through the VR headsets that riders wear as they are elevated skyward. "Your destination: Mars." [What Would It Be Like to Live on Mars?] Riders are lifted up the 64-foot-tall (20 meter) tower as the simulated EM-51 mission begins. "You are strapped into the Orion spacecraft, atop NASA's Space Launch System, the most powerful rocket ever built, accelerating to 24,000 mph on a journey that will take you farther than anyone has ever dared from our home world," says the narrator. At the top of the tower, which resembles the lattice work of a launch pad gantry and mirrors the colors — orange and white — of the heavy-lift SLS rocket, riders "land" on Mars and, through the VR headset, can look around its surface. Then, as quickly as they arrived, it is time to go home; free falling back to Earth to a touchdown on the 50 yard line of NRG Stadium. "Your Mars training mission has been accomplished and it is game time!" a flight controller states. "EM-51, Houston, welcome home!" Future Flight was developed by the Orlando-based media and experience design company IDEAS, and it is featured at Super Bowl Live, a free fan festival at Discovery Green in Houston. The virtual reality part of the ride can also be experienced separately, on the ground, for those who don't want to take the plunge. The tower is the centerpiece of a NASA-themed pavilion, featuring space artifacts and interactive displays, including an Orion ocean recovery test capsule, a real RS-25 rocket engine, a planetary rover prototype and a full-scale model of the James Webb Space Telescope, which is scheduled to launch in 2018. Aerojet Rocketdyne, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Orbital ATK and Raytheon all provided exhibits, complementing the NASA displays. "They hope to have one million or so folks come to Super Bowl LIVE over the nine days it's open," said Ellen Ochoa, director of Johnson Space Center and a former astronaut. "So we have got not only the ride that everybody is talking about, but lots of hands-on activities." "When the Super Bowl comes to a city it's a big production — and it really gives that city an opportunity to showcase itself," she said. "Johnson Space Center is a unique part of Houston, so this is our opportunity to showcase what we are doing today in human spaceflight." That chance will continue on Sunday, as the New England Patriots and Atlanta Falcons take the field. NASA’s Post-landing Orion Recovery Tests (PORT) capsule is seen on display at the Super Bowl LIVE fan festival. Credit: collectSPACE.com "We are expecting to do a downlink from the International Space Station during the pre-game show," Ochoa revealed in an interview with collectSPACE. "The NFL is working on some sort of NASA content at some point during the game but we don't have the details of that yet." In addition to Future Flight and the surrounding displays at Discovery Green, Space Center Houston, the visitor center for the Johnson Space Center, is also inviting football fans to come see its attractions, including the new Mission Mars and Space For Art exhibits. Preview the riders' view on NASA's Future Flight ride at Super Bowl LIVE at collectSPACE. Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @collectSPACE. Copyright 2017 collectSPACE.com. All rights reserved. Editor's Recommendations Where the Super Bowl Meets Space: NASA's Aerodynamics Lab NASA's Space Launch System RS-25 Engine Test Fired | Video Virtual Reality and Mars: 4 Ways Tech Will Change Space Exploration Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Deal mania in City as Reckitt bid caps best start since 2008 Is this something to celebrate or should it concern us? James Moore @JimMooreJourno Thursday 2 February 2017 16:46 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Nurofen maker Reckitt Benckiser has a deal in its sights Rex Features Well I never. A British company has emerged as a potential buyer for an overseas outfit, rather than as a takeover target for one taking advantage of the pound’s banana republic currency status (see Rupert Murdoch’s latest tilt at Sky for an example of that). Reckitt Benckiser, better known as the maker of Nurofen painkillers and Durex condoms, is in talks to takeover America’s Mead Johnson for $16.7bn (£13.3bn) in cash.  Read more Nurofen maker in £13bn takeover talks with Mead Johnson Reckitt, which is valued at around £50bn, wants to get its hands on the latter’s baby milk brands including Enfamil and Nutramigen. Mead Johnson derives most of its revenues from Asia and the US, with a smaller portion of sales coming from Latin America, and there’s some excitement about the prospects for its Encfnitas brand in China. The company’s investors, who are quite excited about the proposal, have hopes that it will improve its growth prospects. The overseas earnings are handy to have too.  Reckitt had been looking for something to add to its consumer healthcare portfolio, perhaps even Pfizer’s business in that sphere, but has found targets in its price range difficult to find (and has been outbid in the past). Hence the pivot towards Mead, which even at a 30 per cent premium isn't as pricey as it might appear (its shares were up at the $90 bid price during 2015). Read more Reckitt Benckiser Tops FTSE 100 Gainers After Confirming $16.7 Billion Mead Johnson Approach Nurofen maker in £13bn takeover talks with Mead Johnson Ex-Reckitt Benckiser CEO linked to death of 100 people jailed What makes the deal even more significant than it might otherwise be is what it says about the UK M&A market, which is booming.  Thomson Reuters Insights says that Reckitt’s proposal brings UK companies' involvement in deals, whether as bidders or targets, to $34.9bn so far this year. That’s the best annual start since 2008. Part of the reason is obviously the currency issues I mentioned. Sterling being weak makes British companies cheap from the perspective of overseas bidders that can use earnings or shares denominated in Dollars or Euros etc, to pay for their targets.  And it’s good news, I suppose, for the City. If this continues there will continue to be work for the diminished number of bankers who haven’t upped and left for Frankfurt, or Dublin, or Paris, after Brexit.  But is it good for the UK? Reckitt’s deal scarcely affects its home country, and it is a buyer not a seller. It is a multinational intent upon gobbling up a smaller multinational in an attempt to diversify its product range and the markets it is in.  Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 2/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 3/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 4/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 5/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 6/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 7/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 8/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 9/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 10/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 11/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 12/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 13/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 14/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 15/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 16/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 17/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 18/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 19/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 20/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 21/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 22/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 23/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 24/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 25/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 26/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 27/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 28/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 29/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 30/32 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 31/32 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 32/32 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters However, even when deals involve takeovers of UK companies by others and have a demonstrable local impact, that question is only rarely asked. City types tend to look goggle eyed at anyone raising criticism of the UK's willingness to hoist for sale signs above its best companies. Politicians, even the flag waving, nationalist variety, shrug. It’s business innit. As long as companies can get their plans past the competition authorities, which are often not as strong as you might hope, that’s all they need. Whether that will change in the wake of Prime Minister Theresa May’s conversion to interventionism with her much vaunted industrial policy, is an open question.  More about: Reckitt Benckiser M&A takeover bid takeovers Brexit Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Yet another reason that companies should be 'concerned about' Trump tweets Evelyn Cheng | @chengevelyn 18 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Donald Trump President Donald Trump's tweets hit the market's perception of a stock for a day or so, but over time the impact is more mixed, analysis shows. S&P Global Market Intelligence found that Trump's tweets do affect the way markets perceive the credit quality of companies he targets, at least in the short term. For example, in early January, Trump threatened Toyota with a border tax if the automaker built a new plant in Mexico. The next day, perceived probability of default for the company jumped 26.2 percent from what markets had expected a day before the tweet, according to analysis from Jim Elder, director of risk services at S&P Global Market Intelligence. Credit risk measures how likely it is that a company will default, or fail to pay back its debt. On the flip side, positive Trump tweets improved market perceptions of credit risk. In late November, Trump praised United Technologies subsidiary Carrier for keeping jobs in Indiana, and S&P found the company's perceived probability of default fell 17.5 percent. "Companies have to be concerned about" being the target of a Trump comment or tweet, said Larry Hatheway, chief economist and head of GAM Investment Solutions, an asset management firm. "Their reputation and other things are certainly at stake." "Companies will probably also view this as an opportunity to be proactive," he said. A company's response or a fact-check can often mitigate the market effect of a Trump mention. S&P's Elder pointed out that Boeing's stock recovered from a 1 percent dip in December after the aircraft maker said contracts Trump criticized were worth about $170 million, far below the $4 billion figure Trump had stated. Hatheway said that in the longer term, companies' business fundamentals are what will matter: "Ultimately what investors will be focused on is the core business models of these companies, whether they can growth their business," he said. That said, some stocks clearly stay under pressure after a Trump tweet. Lockheed Martin shares fell nearly 2.5 percent the day Trump slammed the company for the cost of its F-35 warplanes, and shares are 3.5 percent lower since that time, according to analysis using Kensho. Toyota shares fell 0.6 percent the day Trump slammed the automaker in January for saying it would build a plant in Mexico, and shares are 5.1 percent lower since then. — CNBC's George Manessis contributed to this report. Disclosure: NBCUniversal, parent of CNBC, is a minority investor in Kensho. Evelyn ChengWriter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LMT --- BA --- UTX --- 7203.T --- Sign up to receive Big Data Investor CNBC's new newsletter, delivering the week's most actionable big data insights from CNBC and Kensho, a quantitative tool used exclusively by Wall Street's top trading firms...and CNBC. Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. Privacy Policy. Submit Please enter a valid email address
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Facebook: Financial powerhouse needs to find answer to fake news question Even a messy court case couldn’t knock the gloss of its latest results, but it actually helped to highlight the company’s big issue  James Moore @JimMooreJourno Thursday 2 February 2017 14:00 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Apparently Facebook’s results were “overshadowed” by the loss of a court case that saw the company ordered to pay $500m (£394m) to a video game developer over the technology used to launch a virtual reality headset. That had all the effect of a little fluffy cloud on the sun’s glare in Death Valley as far as Wall Street was concerned. Small wonder as Facebook again proved what a financial powerhouse it is, more than doubling net profit to $3.7bn just in its fourth quarter on revenues of $8.6bn. It has close to 2bn users, and it’s yet to tap into China (where the authorities are somewhat wary). A court case, even one with a $500m price tag (an appeal is pending), looks like a minor issue compared to that. But the case, which concerned allegations that Facebook purchase Oculus used code obtained from rival gaming firm ZeniMax to develop its headset, does lead into one of the company’s biggest issues if you take the finances out of the picture. I don’t mean the claim and counterclaim over the technology and how it was used. I mean the man who founded Oculus, a tubby near-billionaire Trumpkin from Southern California. Palmer Luckey caused no end of embarrassment to Facebook when it emerged that he had been active in the dark side of the movement backing the President’s barnstorming run for office (is there a lightside?) through funding pro-Trump trolls.  Read more Facebook ordered to pay $500m in Oculus Rift theft lawsuit The controversy was over Luckey’s activities on Reddit, not Facebook, but memes, internet abuse and fake new are big issues for Facebook too and it has proved sensitive to criticism on the subject. As it should be. Last year it got rid of human editors, amid questionable accusations that the stories on its trending feature were biased against conservatives. Facebook had denied the accusation. Then an algorithm promoting stores based on what users were talking about was found, within short order, to have highlighted allegations that former Fox News icon Megyn Kelly was a pro-Clinton traitor who had been fired (she hadn’t been, although she has since left for pastures new). Now, we are told, the company is looking at how artificial intelligence might help root out dodgy stories promulgated by dodgy people. The company is very keen on the tech, and is a member of the Partnership on AI, along with some of Silicon Valley’s biggest firms (and also the American Civil Liberties Union). The partnership’s stated goals are to advance understanding, support best practice and to create an open platform for discussion and engagement. It all sounds wonderful, and very necessary because AI can have a dark side, and I’m not talking about Skynet and its Terminator robots here. Read more Facebook shows virtual reality social network of the future Oculus Rift finally released in the UK Oculus Rift terms let company monitor users' movements, use it for ads Google beefs up its virtual reality division to take on HTC and Oculus It was less than a year ago that Twitter managed to corrupt Microsoft’s chatbot Tay in less than a day. Tay, a virtual teenage girl that used the sort of language popular with that age group, became a full-blown Nazi with an oedipal complex in less than a day in the wake of its interactions with users.   Of course, things have moved on since then, at a rapid rate, and we don’t know how good the next generation Siris, Curtanas and Alexas that are now in development have got. Still, is it so hard to imagine a Facebook fake news policebot either missing the fake stuff and deleting real news, or even disseminating fact-free stories? Here’s my idea. It might take a little investment, but if Facebook has $2bn to blow on the likes of Oculus, surely it can stand to spend a little on getting some facts to where they are badly needed.  To do that it should go back to the future by rehiring a team of journalists and fact checkers. Set up an editorial board with a clear mission – something like the BBC uses for its journalists would do nicely – and allow them to operate at arm’s length from corporate HQ, putting up trending topics, rooting out fake news, and making the platform a reliable source, which it needs to become given the number of people that use it as their primary source. Business picture of the day 32 show all Business picture of the day 1/32 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 2/32 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 3/32 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 4/32 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 5/32 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 6/32 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 7/32 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 8/32 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 9/32 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 10/32 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 11/32 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 12/32 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 13/32 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 14/32 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 15/32 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 16/32 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 17/32 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 18/32 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 19/32 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 20/32 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 21/32 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 22/32 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 23/32 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 24/32 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 25/32 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 26/32 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 27/32 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 28/32 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 29/32 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 30/32 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 31/32 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 32/32 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters To oversee their work, set up an independent ombudsman service to deal with complaints (that Facebook funds but doesn’t influence) and if people moan tell them to approach it. If they don’t, or don’t like its rulings, tell them (politely) to go to hell. Facebook is going to incur complaints regardless of what it does. It’s too big and too powerful not to (the same is true of the BBC, by the way). Founder Mark Zuckerberg keeps saying he wants to connect people and make a positive contribution to society by doing so. This would show that he’s serious. It’s an old economy solution. But sometimes they work the best. More about: Facebook Oculus Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion TRUMP’S FLYING FORTRESS Travelling President’s airborne defences featuring attack helicopters armed with remote control machine guns and missile defence systems revealed Trump was shadowed by the craft as he flew to Delaware yesterday to pay his respects to a Navy SEAL killed in Yemen at the weekend By DANNY COLLINS 2nd February 2017, 1:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DONALD Trump received a heavyweight escort as he took to the skies in Marine One. The presidential chopper was flanked by one identical decoy helicopter and two giant Osprey aircraft as he flew over Delaware. 5 Donald Trump’s helicopter escort was pictured flying to a Delaware base where he met the family of a special forces soldier killed during a raid in Yemen Getty Images 5 Trump was accompanied on the journey by his daughter Ivanka Trump was heading to Dover Air Force Base to pay his respects to the family of Navy SEAL William Owens. The special forces soldier was killed in a raid on a terror camp in Yemen this week. It was the first combat death since Trump entered the White House last month. Related stories COLD CALL Find out about Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull and the refugee deal which angered Donald Trump MEXICAN STANDOFF Trump threatens to send troops into Mexico unless government stops 'bad hombres down there' ‘IS HE TELLING US SOMETHING?’ Twitter users claim Donald Trump is giving Australian PM the finger during pair's fiery phone call where President hung up after blasting 'dumb' refugee deal DON HONOURS HERO Donald Trump and daughter Ivanka greet coffin of Navy SEAL killed in raid in Yemen at US air base ROD LIDDLE When is Trump going to ban killer lawnmowers - they kill seven times more than refugees from Islamic countries And he received a carefully-planned escort to the base. The President yesterday flew in Marine One, a traditional green Sea King chopper. A lookalike helicopter flies beside to act as a decoy in the event of an attack. The hi-tech aircraft is estimated to cost £319MILLION – more than Air Force One. Up to 35 helicopters can be called Marine One, with the fleet costing almost £20BILLION and being manned by 800 US Marines. Helicopters have been used to transport US presidents since Dwight D. Eisenhower boarded the flimsy Bell H-13 Sioux in 1957. The Sea King model Trump boarded yesterday is used extensively throughout the US military after it was first launched in 1959. It can travel at more than 160mph and carry three crew. It also carries missile-avoidance flares that can divert incoming weapons away from the aircraft. Getty Images 5 The pair were earlier pictured stepping onto Marine One on the White House lawn Getty Images 5 Trump gave a salute to a waiting marine as he stepped onto the chopper with daughter Ivanka   US Navy 5 Chief Special Warfare Operator William ‘Ryan’ Owens, from Peoria, Illinois, died in the operation at the weekend Accompanying the two Sea Kings were the giant Boeing V-22 Ospreys. The tiltrotor behemoths – which each cost £57million – are capable of taking off vertically or along a runway and can travel at more than 350mph. With its ability to changes rotor position, the aircraft can effectively operate as a helicopter or aeroplane. It carries a 360 degree ‘belly gun’ capable of firing 3,000 rounds a minute and a remote controlled machine gun. Used in Afghanistan and Iraq, the huge aircraft can carry up to 32 fully-armed soldiers at a time. Read more about how Trump is being protected on the ground, from sensors in the Oval Office floor and special agents in bullet-proof pants to a limo with more gadgets than the Batmobile. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Donald Trump Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 1.2M 4.6K Menu Trending Globalism New World Order Terrorism health Election 2016 Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. One sure winner under President Trump Posted on February 2, 2017January 31, 2017 by GS Early Views: 1,669 104 Shares There has been a lot of talk and anticipation about President Donald Trump’s real effect on the economy. People are excited about a rebirth in U.S. manufacturing, new business friendly tax policies, new healthcare and more infrastructure. But of all these, the one that seems most likely is an increase in defense spending… but it’s not what you might think. The big new money that’s flowing isn’t from domestic military spending. It’s happening in Europe, with our NATO allies. During the election, Trump was very vocal about his desire to have our NATO partners pay their fair share of the alliance’s costs. In 2014, NATO members agreed to move to a 2 percent of GDP threshold for military spending, with 20 percent of that being spent on hardware. Last year, Germany spent 1.2 percent on defense. But this year, Germany is expected to raise its spending through 2020 to the highest it has been in the past 25 years. And 19 of NATO’s 28 members have also increased military spending in the past 18 months. Find a war Some of this comes as Europe struggles through a severe economic slowdown that hasn’t been helped by all the central bank generosity or from individual nations. Like it or not, defense spending usually gets an economy moving since most of the equipment is very expensive and takes a lot of workers to create. There used to be a saying inside the Beltway: “If the economy is flagging, start a war.” That was the shorthand and cynical version of the fact that boosting military spending has a big influence on an economy. And Trump recently said in an interview that spending on the military should take precedence over deficit spending. Every project has a number of subcontractors, so any big firm that lands a contract then employs scores of others to do specialty work. This may be what these countries were attempting to do before Trump took office. But now that Trump is in, this spending is looking even more likely for a number of years moving forward. The spoils of war This is going to be a boon for defense contractors. And the trick here is to look to the firms that will most benefit Europeans, since they will be the ones spending the money and will want jobs to go to their constituents. The biggest winners here are likely to be BAE Systems, Europe’s biggest defense contractor and No. 3 in the world, according to industry magazine Defense News. The others are Airbus Group, which produces combat aircraft, aerospace equipment and helicopters, Leonardo Spa, an Italian high tech aerospace and defense contractor and Thales, a French aerospace, defense and security company. Those three firms are in the Top 10 biggest defense firms in the world and are traded in the U.S. (because all of them have business in the U.S., too). There are smaller firms like Rolls-Royce, Safran and Rheinmetall, which could benefit, but their fortunes are not as sure as the big players. Made in the USA If you’re more partial to buying American then there are some solid companies here that will also benefit from increased spending both home and abroad. I don’t include Boeing in this list simply because less than a third of its revenue comes from defense these days, and the company doesn’t have the reputation that it did post-Vietnam. Lockheed Martin is the No. 1 defense contractor in the world, and its stock has been beaten down by Trump’s tweets regarding the cost of the F-35 program. But that is only one project among scores of others and given Trump’s most recent pro-defense statements, there’s not much to worry about. Northrop Grumman is No. 6 on the list and is building the new stealth bomber, which Trump hasn’t gone after yet. It’s also a cyber-security player that has a long reach but a very good market at home. No. 4 Raytheon basically invented radar in the 1940s and has continued to build on that reputation. Not only is it one of the leading rocket and missile makers in the world, it is a leader in secure networks and cyber security. Finally, No. 17 Harris is a secure communications specialist for defense, intel and aerospace sectors. It has done well recently but is a great long-term choice. — GS Early This entry was posted in Featured. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Today’s cartoon Government audit makes case for Trump wall → GS Early is editor of Liberty Investor Digest™ and managing director of Fresh Eyes Media, a media management and consulting firm that develops custom content and marketing solutions for financial businesses and publishers. Gregg has been a leader in the financial publishing business for two decades and has worked on content strategies with every major publisher in the industry, as well as organizations like CNBC, Morgan Keegan, Folio Investing and Moneyshow. He is an award-winning writer and editor and has built many of the top publications available to investors today. His specialties are emerging technologies (biotech, nanotech, robotics), defense and cybersecurity. He is a graduate of James Madison University. Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Should Congress bring back earmarks? Should firearm suppressors be legal? Should "law and order" trump the Constitution? Do you believe sugar is as unhealthy as cigarette smoke? Do you agree with the Boy Scouts' decision to allow transgender "boys" to join the Scouts? Would you consider seeking public office? Do you support Trump's ban on immigrants and refugees? Do you trust mainstream media? Should officer protection override privacy and gun rights? Do you think a 20% tariff on Mexican products to pay for the border wall is a good idea? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ The irrelevance of Democrats Tell your congressman to support this 2nd Amendment bill Tom Brady’s secret Forget fiscal responsibility: House Republicans want to bring back the pork Cal Berkeley fascists violently protest free speech Buying into 'buy American' Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ Ben Crystal: The irrelevance of Democrats GS Early: One sure winner under President Trump John Myers: The myth of white privilege Brandon Smith: Irreversible damage — the U.S. economy cannot be repaired Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates Senate Democrats hope to repeal Trump’s immigration ban even though it mimics bans by Obama, Carter Democrat says to prepare for ‘new Dark Ages’ Bob Livingston: Trump EPA pick Pruitt is a homerun Could Congress eliminate the ATF under Trump? Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Obama’s massive federal land grabs Rethinking the cost of war George Washington University drops American history requirement from its history program Obama’s last ditch effort to derail Trump deregulation Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Bob Livingston: Trumponomics Healthcare.gov still registering, granting ‘subsidies’ to fake people DOD still billing taxpayers for gambling and strippers Cool, hip Hillary Clinton touts ‘Free Wi-Fi’ plan, taxpayers to feel the pain Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet Researchers: Coverage of fake news was fake news Chuck Todd admits MSM played defense for Clinton White liberal protestor skewered by black Trump supporter Media suggests threat of attack on the Trump Inauguration Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… Top 11 ‘Russian-hack’ questions the ‘rogue-electors’ should ask the CIA Once again, there were no Russians involved in the DNC email leak 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights Tell your congressman to support this 2nd Amendment bill Court: Cops have the right to frisk everyone Congress likely to kill Obama’s Social Security gun grab Trump needs to undo this last minute Obama attack on the 2nd Amendment now Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents The big threat Trump supporters don’t want to talk about Failure to remove sexual predator cop to cost Milwaukee $2.5 million Jittery cops mean you should protect yourself during encounters Police union president claims reports of policing for profit ‘fake news’ On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations Survival and preparedness dictionary New car-top tent perfect complement to your emergency evacuation kit In your hotel room Thomas Miller: Building a DIY self-monitored security system Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics Fair weather friends say goodbye to Clinton Here she comes again Could Hillary Clinton still face prosecution? Clinton speaks: Suggests Russians attacked America Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues Becky Akers: Buying into ‘buy American’ Cal Berkeley fascists violently protest free speech Forget fiscal responsibility: House Republicans want to bring back the pork The sky’s the limit for skilled trades Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets Sharing my profit-making forecasting tips GS Early: Buy the election, sell the inauguration? GS Early: 2017: A year of chaos? 3 retail sale strategies that manipulate shoppers Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Globalism New World Order Terrorism health Election 2016 Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD Search ... Sidebar × Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Top menu HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten 03 Fri, Feb Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Airbus calls in the movers as power shifts to new HQ Details 02 February 2017 Previous Article Facebook eases past Wall Street’s estimates, sees spending up in 2017 Next Article Apple defies Wall Street with strong revival in iPhone sales Tools  Print  Email Share This PARIS--After top-level restructuring at Airbus come the musical chairs and a new logo intended to convey unity as the European giant aims to refocus its management without a return to past infighting.   In a symbolic move, the man in charge of making Airbus jets has reluctantly agreed to leave his office by the vast factories in Toulouse and move to a new corporate headquarters in the same southern French city, people familiar with the matter said.   At first sight, it might seem an obvious move following the restructuring in which the planemaking division became the mainstay of the overall structure of a company that also manufactures space rockets, helicopters and military jets. But close watchers of the predominantly Franco-German firm, still bruised by decades of infighting, fear the decision to put planemaking chief Fabrice Bregier in the new HQ alongside his boss Tom Enders could test a fragile internal power balance.   For Bregier, it may only be a move of about a kilometre on the ground, but it shifts him ever so slightly away from the company's economic nerve centre that drives its share price, revenue and profits. And it comes at a critical time for the world's second largest planemaker as it strives to boost output.   "(Bregier) isn't happy, but he is going to make it work," said one person close to the company, who asked not to be named.   Airbus agreed last year to merge its jetliner division with its parent group to reflect the stronger bias towards civil manufacturing that started in 2013, after the failure of a planned merger with British defence firm BAE Systems. After the latest internal restructuring, Bregier gave up his title as chief executive of the Airbus commercial airliner business, but remained its president while also becoming chief operating officer and number two for the group as a whole.   "Airbus is now an aircraft manufacturing company with two other divisions, so after the merger the focus on the core business is much tighter," an Airbus spokesman said.   Enders, 58, is now drawing core people and functions around him at the new HQ to secure his vision of forging the integrated company he believes is necessary to remain on a par with arch-rival Boeing and fend off new competition. He has pledged to make Airbus a "normal company" after French and German political interference was curbed in 2014 by a change in its corporate governance following the failure of the BAE deal.   But plucking Bregier from a domain in which he is undisputed leader - having overseen record plane output and an improved industrial performance - and accentuating his other role as deputy to Enders is seen by some as a potential loss of focus. Airbus is confronted with the critical task of raising its jet output fast to fill thousands of orders on its books, and investors are especially sensitive to any risk its top managers become distracted by internal politics.   "What is unusual is to have restructuring happening at a time when production is increasing sharply," one European aerospace analyst said. At the same time, a raft of top managers in the planemaking business involved in operations, sales, programmes and engineering are nearing retirement age.   Publicly, Airbus managers have closed ranks behind the CEO's plans. Many recall the industrial chaos and tensions between French and German government shareholders - and their proxies within the company - that hammered Airbus shares a decade ago.   Enders, who is German, and Bregier, a 55-year-old Frenchman, have occasionally appeared uneasy partners. Both are major industry figures in their own right and aspire to the top job.   But they also demonstrated a pragmatic ability to work together in 2007-12 at what was then the jet division of EADS, later renamed Airbus Group, again with Enders in the lead role. Previous Article Facebook eases past Wall Street’s estimates, sees spending up in 2017 Next Article Apple defies Wall Street with strong revival in iPhone sales Home MSFT GOOG AAPL IBM ORCL EMC NOK INTC RDS-A Microsoft Corporation NMS : MSFT - 02 Feb, 4:00pm 63.17 -0.41 (-0.64%) After Hours: Open 63.25 Mktcap 488.15B High 63.41 52wk Hight 65.91 Low 62.75 52wk Low 48.03 Vol 45.83M Avg Vol 26.75M Eps 2.97 P/e 29.73 Currency: USD Alphabet Inc. NMS : GOOG - 02 Feb, 4:00pm 798.53 +2.84 (+0.36%) After Hours: Open 794.65 Mktcap 552.02B High 802.70 52wk Hight 841.95 Low 792.00 52wk Low 663.06 Vol 1.53M Avg Vol 1.73M Eps 33.23 P/e 28.34 Currency: USD Apple Inc. NMS : AAPL - 02 Feb, 4:00pm 128.53 -0.22 (-0.17%) After Hours: Open 127.99 Mktcap 675.48B High 129.39 52wk Hight 130.49 Low 127.78 52wk Low 89.47 Vol 33.71M Avg Vol 31.72M Eps 8.96 P/e 15.43 Currency: USD International Business Machines NYQ : IBM - 02 Feb, 4:01pm 174.58 +0.29 (+0.17%) After Hours: Open 174.23 Mktcap 165.61B High 174.97 52wk Hight 179.25 Low 173.55 52wk Low 116.90 Vol 2.62M Avg Vol 3.77M Eps 13.79 P/e 14.10 Currency: USD Oracle Corporation Common Stock NYQ : ORCL - 02 Feb, 4:02pm 39.98 +0.14 (+0.35%) After Hours: Open 39.77 Mktcap 164.01B High 40.00 52wk Hight 42.00 Low 39.68 52wk Low 34.47 Vol 10.12M Avg Vol 13.16M Eps 2.56 P/e 19.08 Currency: USD EMC Corporation NYQ : EMC - 06 Sep, 3:00pm 29.05 +0.00 (+0.00%) After Hours: Open Mktcap High 52wk Hight 29.13 Low 52wk Low 22.99 Vol 0 Avg Vol 15.61M Eps 1.84 P/e Currency: USD Nokia Corporation Sponsored Ame NYQ : NOK - 02 Feb, 4:00pm 4.82 +0.25 (+5.47%) After Hours: Open 4.82 Mktcap 27.82B High 4.89 52wk Hight 6.31 Low 4.77 52wk Low 4.04 Vol 44.65M Avg Vol 13.02M Eps 0.19 P/e 60.25 Currency: USD Intel Corporation NMS : INTC - 02 Feb, 4:00pm 36.68 +0.16 (+0.44%) After Hours: Open 36.26 Mktcap 173.68B High 36.70 52wk Hight 38.45 Low 36.20 52wk Low 27.68 Vol 31.92M Avg Vol 20.78M Eps 2.79 P/e 17.30 Currency: USD Royal Dutch Shell PLC Royal Dut NYQ : RDS-A - 02 Feb, 4:02pm 54.57 +0.30 (+0.55%) After Hours: Open 55.11 Mktcap 219.76B High 55.15 52wk Hight 56.39 Low 54.20 52wk Low 41.61 Vol 4.93M Avg Vol 3.82M Eps 1.88 P/e 51.68 Currency: USD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:18 GMT +303 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Northrop Grumman, BAE Drop Out of Race to Build US Next-Gen Trainer Jet © AP Photo/ Jeff Roberson US 07:53 02.02.2017Get short URL 0 26822 Northrop Grumman and BAE Systems have decided not to bid for the US Department of Defense contract to build the next generation jet trainer for the US Air Force, according to a statement. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The two companies announced on Wednesday they decided not to submit a proposal for the T-X Trainer program. "Northrop Grumman and its principal teammate BAE Systems have carefully examined the US Air Force’s T-X Trainer requirements and acquisition strategy as stated in the final request for proposals issued on Dec. 30, 2016," the statement said. © AP Photo/ Jeff Roberson Boeing, Saab Test T-X Trainer Aircraft for US Air ForceAccording to the statement, the program would not be in the best interest of the companies and their shareholders, the statement explained. Leonardo, parent company of the now-defunct Alenia Aermacchi, announced last week that it would no longer jointly pursue the T-X contract with US weapons manufacturer Raytheon. However Lockheed Martin and Boeing, working with the Swedish company Saab, are both still in the race to provide the training aircraft to replace the current US Air Force fleet of 50-year-old Northrop Grumman T-38 trainers. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 22 Related: Raytheon-Leonardo Team Drop Out of T-X Trainer Jet Competition Boeing-Saab T-X Trainer Jet Will Soon Soar in First Flight Boeing, Saab Unveil New T-X Trainer Aircraft for Giant US Air Force Contract Tags: T-X, Boeing, BAE Systems, Northrop Grumman, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:11Moscow Voicess Readiness to Provide Help to Decode Radar Data on MH17 Crash 12:05US to Remain Europe's Ally Amid Trump Economy Plans - European Commissioner 12:04Russia Initiates Criminal Case Into Ukraine Gov't Shelling in Donetsk 11:56Surprise! Norway Surveils Russia More Than Vice Versa 11:53Giving 'Significant Autonomy' to Eastern Ukraine to Resolve the CrisisAll news Kuwait Imposes Visa Ban on Five Muslim-Majority Countries 20218 White House Issues Unprecedented Warning to Iran 19777 Finland Amazed at How Many 'Refugee Children' Are in Fact Adults 12837 Who's Trying to 'Kill' Syrian President Bashar Assad? 12216 'Dead Hand' and Bunkers: This is How Russia Can Survive Potential Nuclear Attack 10079All news White House Issues Unprecedented Warning to Iran 195 Billionaire Financier Soros Continues to Fund Anti-Trump Protests 41 Senator McCain Says US Should Send Javelin Anti-Tank Missiles to Ukraine 39 Trump: 'Nothing Off the Table' On Iran 38 Import Tax of 45% Would Decimate Chinese Exports to US 35All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Travel the World Virtually With National Geographic's Photo Contest Finalists The Expulsion Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 12 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 113.13 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business Toyota, Target, Best Buy fight back against ‘heart stopping’ Republican border tax push by Ginger Gibson Reuters Feb 1, 2017 Article history Online: Feb 01, 2017 Last Modified: Feb 01, 2017 PRINT SHARE Washington Days before a group of Republican lawmakers were due to discuss their party’s controversial proposal to tax all imports, Toyota Motor Corp. sent an urgent message to its U.S. dealers — tell the politicians the tax would seriously hurt car buyers. Some of Toyota’s 1,500 dealers heeded the call and contacted members of the House of Representatives’ tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, urging them to rethink their proposal, according to people familiar with the effort. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would force consumers to pay potentially thousands of dollars more for vehicles, they warned. The Japanese automaker’s mobilization of its army of dealers underscores the growing alarm among some of the world’s largest companies that sell imported goods in the United States. They fear a big tax on imports would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. “Cost is going to go up, as a result demand is going to go down. As a result, we’re not going to (be) able to employ as many as people as we do today. That’s my biggest fear,” Toyota’s North America CEO, Jim Lentz, said in an interview. Toyota dealers employ more than 97,000 people in the United States. While companies and industry groups frequently lobby Congress, the threat of an import tax has mobilized an unusually broad swath of firms at home and abroad. That lobbying effort is taking place largely out of the public eye partly to avoid potential conflict with President Donald Trump, who has attacked companies for manufacturing abroad for U.S. consumers. Earlier this month Trump targeted Toyota, threatening to impose a hefty fee on the world’s largest automaker if it builds its Corolla cars for the U.S. market at a plant in Mexico. The White House said last week that a border tax is one option under review to pay for a wall with Mexico, although what exactly Trump is planning to do is still not clear. He has pledged to impose a “big border tax” on Mexican imports. The plan proposed by House Republicans would cut corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose the 20 percent tax on imports. Companies that rely heavily on imports say a border tax will outweigh the benefit of a lower headline corporate tax. As car dealers are reaching out to members of Congress in their districts, Toyota and other automakers are lobbying lawmakers in states where they have large manufacturing plants and employ thousands of workers. The No. 3 vehicle seller in the United States behind General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Co., Toyota imports about 1.2 million vehicles to the U.S. market annually, half of its 2.4 million U.S. sales. It employs 40,000 people directly. Toyota and the automakers are not alone in this lobbying effort. Target Corp.’s chief executive, Brian Cornell, traveled to Washington to meet members of the House Ways and Means Committee. He told them an import tax could impact consumers’ ability to buy essential goods, such as baby supplies that are made overseas and imported to the United States, according to a person familiar with the talks. Target spokeswoman Dustee Jenkins confirmed the visit. The largest U.S. electronics retailer, Best Buy, headquartered down the road from Minneapolis-based Target, has circulated a flyer to lawmakers. It cites an analyst forecast that a 20 percent tax would wipe out the company’s projected annual net income of $1 billion and turn it into a $2 billion loss. The flyer, a copy of which was seen by Reuters, argues that foreign Internet sellers like China’s Alibaba.com would be able to avoid the tax by making sales online and shipping to U.S. consumers directly, “undercutting U.S. businesses.” Company officials have been handing out the flyer to lawmakers and their staff on Capitol Hill, Best Buy spokesman Jeff Shelman confirmed. Constellation Brands, which brews Corona and Modelo in Mexico, has been pushing lawmakers to exempt products like Mexican beer in any border tax “because it’s inherently a Mexican product,” CEO Rob Sands said on an earnings call. But if that effort fails, Constellation is prepared to buy more raw materials from the United States instead of Mexico, Sands said. Koch Industries, the second-largest private U.S. company, according to Forbes, said in a statement a border tax would have a “devastating” impact on consumers. The company, owned by Republican donors Charles and David Koch, includes oil refining and manufacturing interests. Tim Phillips, the president of Americans for Prosperity, a conservative political group founded by the billionaire brothers, told Reuters the powerful group has started to educate its network of activists about the tax, so they can lobby against it. AFP says it has 2 million activists. Not everyone in corporate America is worried about a new border tax. Several aerospace companies, including Boeing Co., United Technologies Corp. and Raytheon Co., said in earnings calls last week that a border tax could be positive for net exporters like them. “We see the aerospace sector as fundamentally having an advantage in that regard,” Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg said. The American International Automobile Dealers Association (AIADA), however, called the proposal “heart stopping,” in a letter last week to 9,500 dealers selling vehicles like Toyota, Volkswagen and BMW. Opponents of the border tax may have already found some allies. Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, where BMW has a large plant, said the importance of foreign automakers such as BMW and Toyota to the economy needs to be considered when making laws. “I cannot overstate how significant that industry is to my state,” Gowdy said in an interview, adding that he and his wife both drive Toyotas. Keywords Mexico, Toyota, Republicans, bmw, Donald Trump, Target, U.S. border tax Related Trump picks Neil Gorsuch for Supreme Court, setting stage for fierce fight with Democrats Business Sharp trims full-year loss outlook due to cost cuts, display profits BOJ to conduct special bond buying after yield surge on Trump remarks Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses Nintendo treading on shaky ground as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Trump reportedly told Pena Nieto U.S. may send troops into Mexico, accused Australia of trying to export ‘next Boston bombers’ Sapporo Snow Festival Housewife who saved Toyoko hotel chain puts focus on female managers GPIF to invest in U.S. infrastructure blitz as Japan, U.S. plot new policy framework Nestle Japan rolls out ‘sushi’ Kit Kats at new Ginza store Japan’s education ministry proposes overhaul to school bullying policy A woman’s lowly place in Japan, mirrored in its language Ailing Toshiba may sell Westinghouse to pare risks from nuclear business Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: amazon | daily | flights | cargo Amazon Plans More Than 200 Daily Flights From New Cargo Hub (Getty/Leon Neal) Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 04:27 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Amazon.com Inc. plans to schedule more than 200 flight departures and landings per day at a $1.49 billion cargo hub it is building near Cincinnati, the airport's chief said in an interview on Wednesday, in a sign of the soaring ambitions of the online retailer. Amazon announced the airport project on Tuesday but gave few details. The flight estimate offers new insight into Amazon's plan to handle shipping in-house, cut costs and speed packages to shoppers. It is written in the lease term sheet that Amazon and the airport expect to sign, said Candace McGraw, chief executive of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. The scale of the Cincinnati project suggests it will take on cargo airlines such as FedEx Corp. and United Parcel Service Inc., said Marc Wulfraat, president of logistics consultancy MWPVL International Inc. Amazon has said its plane leases are designed to supplement, rather than replace its cargo partners. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment. "They're going to become a full-fledged competitor to UPS," Wulfraat said. The $1.49 billion investment could have bought Amazon six warehouses, but the e-commerce giant is instead making a longer-term move aimed at lowering shipping costs, he added. Amazon only has disclosed leasing 40 Boeing Co 767 planes to date, 16 of which are in operation. It has been building operations at smaller airports across the country. Amazon will lease 919 acres (372 hectares) from the airport, and the south lot it plans to build out first will have more than 100 parking spaces for planes, said Cincinnati airport's McGraw. The world's largest online retailer would have to contract dozens more planes worth billions of dollars at current list prices to fill its future hub's parking spaces, and still more if it wants to operate routes that do not include Cincinnati. Amazon's plane leases were for 10 years or less. The airport lease is for 50 years. The size and term of the deal has convinced McGraw that Amazon's air cargo business is more than a trial service. "I have complete confidence they're all in," McGraw said. McGraw said she expected to finalize the term sheet with Amazon soon. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Amazon.com Inc. plans to schedule more than 200 flight departures and landings per day at a $1.49 billion cargo hub it is building near Cincinnati, the airport's chief said in an interview on Wednesday, in a sign of the soaring ambitions of the online retailer. amazon, daily, flights, cargo 359 Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 04:27 PM 2017-27-02 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 12:38 PM | 03 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,184-42.90 NIFTY 50 8,722-11.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,968-13.00 USD/INR 67.380.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 cautious; Sun TV rallies 20%, Cipla 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Donald Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs By Reuters | Updated: Feb 02, 2017, 06.57 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Women | united states | Uber Technologies Inc | Trump | stock market | speak out | Shares Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the US refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen Budget 2017: Budget 2017 is out: Read how it impacts you and India WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major US companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co, General Motors Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp, Uber Technologies Inc and Walt Disney Co, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big US companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the US refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading US companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people - an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump's first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone, who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape "how the administration should be thinking," according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Boeing Co. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure . GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the US and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc, Apple Inc , and Amazon.com Inc, none of which form part of the business advisory panel. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Uber to suspend its service in Taiwan from Feb 10 Scooter's back, with new hero on road From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai Help single mother save her baby daughter! Milaap Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Trump praises Douglass, other famous African Americans Tottenham unlikely to make deadline day signings Budget 2017 READ MORE ON » Women | united states | Uber Technologies Inc | Trump | stock market | speak out | Shares To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here are the highlights of Union Budget 2017 Kuwait bans visa for 5 Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan US, China may fight a war over South China Sea: Top Donald Trump aide Assessees can heave a sigh of relief! Draconian powers gone, there’s no flashback to 1961 View: India's Budget misses opportunity to focus on jobs More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget Live|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Home Money UPDATE 1-Amazon plans more than 200 daily flights from new cargo hub Shares1 Thu, 2 Feb 2017-06:05am , Reuters Amazon.com Inc plans to schedule more than 200 flight departures and landings per day at a $1.49 billion cargo hub it is building near Cincinnati, the airport's chief said in an interview on Wednesday, in a sign of the soaring ambitions of the online retailer. Amazon announced the airport project on Tuesday but gave few details. The flight estimate offers new insight into Amazon's plan to handle shipping in-house, cut costs and speed packages to shoppers. It is written in the lease term sheet that Amazon and the airport expect to sign, said Candace McGraw, chief executive of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport. The scale of the Cincinnati project suggests it will take on cargo airlines such as FedEx Corp and United Parcel Service Inc, said Marc Wulfraat, president of logistics consultancy MWPVL International Inc. Amazon has said its plane leases are designed to supplement, rather than replace its cargo partners. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment. "They're going to become a full-fledged competitor to UPS," Wulfraat said. The $1.49 billion investment could have bought Amazon six warehouses, but the e-commerce giant is instead making a longer-term move aimed at lowering shipping costs, he added. Amazon only has disclosed leasing 40 Boeing Co 767 planes to date, 16 of which are in operation. It has been building operations at smaller airports across the country. Amazon will lease 919 acres (372 hectares) from the airport, and the south lot it plans to build out first will have more than 100 parking spaces for planes, said Cincinnati airport's McGraw. The world's largest online retailer would have to contract dozens more planes worth billions of dollars at current list prices to fill its future hub's parking spaces, and still more if it wants to operate routes that do not include Cincinnati. Amazon's plane leases were for 10 years or less. The airport lease is for 50 years. The size and term of the deal has convinced McGraw that Amazon's air cargo business is more than a trial service. "I have complete confidence they're all in," McGraw said. McGraw said she expected to finalize the term sheet with Amazon soon. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < TEDTalks for SRK: All you need to know about Shah Rukh Khan's new TV show   Comments   Also Read Money RBI to take call on lifting weekly cash withdrawal limit soon Money Govt plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, to merge 4 Money BSE makes stellar debut at NSE, lists with nearly 35% premium Money Aircel-Maxis case: ED moves SC against Maran brothers' discharge by 2G Court Money H-1B visa muddle: Indian IT firms to meet Trump officials, to highlight contribution to US economy Money Stop using H-1B visas, hire Americans: Narayana Murthy tells Indian cos < Previous ArticleNext Article > TEDTalks for SRK: All you need to know about Shah Rukh Khan's new TV show Video Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media View all Tags Cincinnati Amazon Boeing Co FedEx Corp UPS United Parcel Service Inc com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Romanian president says economy good, investors not threatened TMC protests against Centre over demonetisation, Bandyopadhyay's arrest Germany's Merkel says Europe has its fate in its own hands Congo rebel revival endangers elections - ambassador to U.N. UPDATE 2-Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs Sport Kevin Pietersen pulls out of IPL-10 owing to excess cricket Kohli is enemy No.1 but sledging will backfire: Hussey NBA-Highlights of Thursday's NBA games IND vs AUS: Mike Hussey warns Australia to avoid angering Virat Kohli Reuters Sports News Summary Entertainment SC to hear 'Jolly LLB-2' matter on Feb. 7 FINALLY! Akshay Kumar BREAKS SILENCE on having ISSUES with Priyanka Chopra Outsiders can't afford to do ordinary work in Bollywood: Vidyut WATCH | 'Hare Krishna Hare Ram' from 'Commando 2': Vidyut Jammwal gives an energetic TWIST to the song! This has deeply affected me: Priyanka on Trump immigration ban Money Steel prices remain steady in thin trade Gram, its dal fall on subdued demand Select base metals slide on muted demand Companies spend over Rs 18,600 cr towards CSR in 2 years Wheat extends losses on ample stocks Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, February 03, 2017 5:07 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Airbus calls in the movers as power shifts to new HQ Thursday February 2, 2017 09:33 AM GMT+8 ICYMI ProjekMMO: Kenapa sihir guna jin Islam lebih mahal? Hasselbaink: Conte has earned utmost respect from his players The Edit: Gaga promises Super Bowl message of inclusion Dego Ride wants to be ‘B40 for B40’ service in Malaysia Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Fabrice Bregier (left), Airbus President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Enders (right), Chief Executive Officer of Airbus Group, are seen at the Airbus headquarters in Toulouse April 11, 2015. ― Reuters picPARIS, Feb 2 ― After top-level restructuring at Airbus come the musical chairs and a new logo intended to convey unity as the European giant aims to refocus its management without a return to past infighting. In a symbolic move, the man in charge of making Airbus jets has reluctantly agreed to leave his office by the vast factories in Toulouse and move to a new corporate headquarters in the same southern French city, people familiar with the matter said. At first sight, it might seem an obvious move following the restructuring in which the planemaking division became the mainstay of the overall structure of a company that also manufactures space rockets, helicopters and military jets. But close watchers of the predominantly Franco-German firm, still bruised by decades of infighting, fear the decision to put planemaking chief Fabrice Bregier in the new HQ alongside his boss Tom Enders could test a fragile internal power balance. For Bregier, it may only be a move of about a kilometre on the ground, but it shifts him ever so slightly away from the company’s economic nerve centre that drives its share price, revenue and profits. And it comes at a critical time for the world’s second largest planemaker as it strives to boost output. “(Bregier) isn’t happy, but he is going to make it work,” said one person close to the company, who asked not to be named. Airbus agreed last year to merge its jetliner division with its parent group to reflect the stronger bias towards civil manufacturing that started in 2013, after the failure of a planned merger with British defence firm BAE Systems. After the latest internal restructuring, Bregier gave up his title as chief executive of the Airbus commercial airliner business, but remained its president while also becoming chief operating officer and number two for the group as a whole. “Airbus is now an aircraft manufacturing company with two other divisions, so after the merger the focus on the core business is much tighter,” an Airbus spokesman said. Enders, 58, is now drawing core people and functions around him at the new HQ to secure his vision of forging the integrated company he believes is necessary to remain on a par with arch-rival Boeing and fend off new competition. He has pledged to make Airbus a “normal company” after French and German political interference was curbed in 2014 by a change in its corporate governance following the failure of the BAE deal. Critical task But plucking Bregier from a domain in which he is undisputed leader ― having overseen record plane output and an improved industrial performance ― and accentuating his other role as deputy to Enders is seen by some as a potential loss of focus. Airbus is confronted with the critical task of raising its jet output fast to fill thousands of orders on its books, and investors are especially sensitive to any risk its top managers become distracted by internal politics. “What is unusual is to have restructuring happening at a time when production is increasing sharply,” one European aerospace analyst said. At the same time, a raft of top managers in the planemaking business involved in operations, sales, programmes and engineering are nearing retirement age. Publicly, Airbus managers have closed ranks behind the CEO’s plans. Many recall the industrial chaos and tensions between French and German government shareholders ― and their proxies within the company ― that hammered Airbus shares a decade ago. Enders, who is German, and Bregier, a 55-year-old Frenchman, have occasionally appeared uneasy partners. Both are major industry figures in their own right and aspire to the top job. But they also demonstrated a pragmatic ability to work together in 2007-12 at what was then the jet division of EADS, later renamed Airbus Group, again with Enders in the lead role. The latest overhaul cements Bregier’s position as heir apparent as he is now operational chief of the whole group but it also means he may have to wait longer for the top job. Both men have pledged to make jet production their top priority and company insiders say Bregier had initially suggested he would keep a physical presence in each camp to ensure this. But his office move is just the latest example of a steady shift of key oversight functions towards the centre, consolidating the power of Enders and prompting reports of fresh tension in one of the industry’s key personal relationships. The Airbus spokesman dismissed such concerns. “They worked together well when both at Airbus and both their roles have significantly increased, so there is no overlap.” The insistence on unity does not end there. Airbus has quietly axed separate brands for its divisions, including the ball-shaped Airbus logo used on its first flight in 1972. Brand experts say the design was worth less than the name, but the loss of a historic symbol underscores the jetmaker’s reduced independence within the corporate structure. Witnesses say workers have put up a new “AIRBUS” sign ― with the ball removed ― above the commercial offices. The helicopter and defence divisions are now expected to undergo similar surgery. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Uphill task for Geely if Proton deal goes through, research house says Chatime owner accuses Malaysian franchisee of using unapproved ingredients KL shares higher at mid-day If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Moody’s eyes downgrade for Sime Darby after planned units spin-off Jakim’s new certification enables Halal Pharmaceuticals to expand locally, globally US airlines tumble amid fear Trump travel ban will spread An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Without immigrants, these world-renowned US companies wouldn’t exist (VIDEO) Oil groups slash costs, but investors spared Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group ‘Smurfs: The Lost Village’ gets a new trailer See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Fancy a gourmet meal underwater? Related Articles Airbus rethinks the passenger experience with Transpose aircraft project (VIDEO) Airbus CEO sees ‘flying car’ prototype ready by end of year Airbus deliveries rose 8pc, orders outpaced Boeing in 2016 Iran says it sealed Boeing plane deal at half price MAB to receive six new aircraft from Airbus beginning Q4 next year Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs by Reuters Wednesday, 1 February 2017 23:06 GMT About our Trafficking coverage We shine a light on human trafficking, forced labour and modern-day slavery Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Ex-pimp helps trafficked women cook their way to new HK life Erratic rains, rising costs trigger crisis for "champagne of teas" UK pardons thousands of gay men for convictions under old laws Playtime eases mental wounds inflicted by Nigeria's Boko Haram Photographer captures battle for land in Thailand (Adds comments from activists, investor, details on meeting) By David Shepardson WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co, General Motors Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp, Uber Technologies Inc and Walt Disney Co, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people - an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump's first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone, who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape "how the administration should be thinking," according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Boeing Co. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure . GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc, Apple Inc , and Amazon.com Inc, none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) Themes Child Exploitation Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE Trafficking NEWS Original Pakistan's Sindh province cracks down on child labour Original American man arrested in India for online child porn, police probe trafficking links Original Nearly 200 more child workers freed as crackdown continues in south India Original Nearly 200 children freed from south India brick kiln in one of biggest rescues About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News South Korea's presidential Blue House blocks search amid graft probe Rhine water levels rise in Germany; shipping returning to normal HIGHLIGHTS-EU leaders comments at summit in Malta Missing China tycoon's company says 'operating as normal', shares slump Romanian president says economy good, investors not threatened Join Us Comments Close Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Major Chain Ditches Ivanka Trump Brand Snapchat Is Going Public, Seeking Up to $3 Billion Last Weekend's Uber Protest Actually Worked Markets End Day Little Changed Trump Threatens University's Funding After Milo Protest Facebook Ordered to Pay $500M in Virtual Reality Case Stocks End Day Little Changed Buffett Has Bought $12B in Stocks Since Trump Win Volkswagen Agrees to Pay $1.2B to 75K More Owners Apple Snaps Out of Its iPhone Slump Dow Falls 100+ for 2nd Straight Day Budweiser's Super Bowl Ad Touches Chord on Immigration Money / Amazon.com Go to Grid|Next Story Amazon Wants to Be Its Own Deliveryman Latest investment is $1.5B air cargo hub By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Feb 3, 2017 12:46 AM CST 1 comment Comments Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane in Seattle.   (Ted S. Warren)Amazon.com boxes are shown stacked near a Boeing 767 Amazon "Prime Air" cargo plane in Seattle.   (Ted S. Warren) (Newser) – Amazon isn't content just being the "everything store." Increasingly, it looks like it wants to be its own deliveryman, too. The company's announcement this week of a new air cargo hub in Kentucky is merely its latest foray into building out its own shipping and logistics unit, the AP reports. Amazon plans to build a worldwide air cargo hub at a northern Kentucky airport about 13 miles southwest of Cincinnati. The nearly $1.5 billion investment is expected to create 2,700 jobs. If successful, the move could ultimately mean lower costs for Amazon—and possibly faster delivery and low prices for consumers. But it could also pit Amazon against package deliverers like FedEx and UPS. "It's not a big surprise," Cathy Roberson, founder of consulting firm Logistics Trends & Insights, says of Amazon's Kentucky announcement. "By utilizing that location they can reach anywhere in the US in two days." Amazon has long plowed its profits back into its business investments. In order to speed up its delivery, it has invested in opening new distribution centers and leasing fleets of trucks. In May, Amazon leased 40 Boeing jets from Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings and Air Transport Services Group Inc., a fleet it dubbed "Prime Air." But to build a network to rival FedEx, UPS, and DHL, Amazon will have at least double what it is already spending, Roberson estimates.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   0% Hilarious 31% Intriguing 0% Depressing 54% Brilliant 8% Scary 8% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 1 comment Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. Next on Newser: Snapchat Is Going Public, Seeking Up to $3 Billion Comments Read comment policy Showing 1 of 1 comment TrumpClinton Stinks 1 hour, 52 minutes ago I haven't purchased anything from Amazon in years because of the way that Amazon treats their employees. View all 1 comment Leave a comment Popular on Newser Cops: Teacher Arrested After Cartwheel With No Panties 1 Trump Had Furious Talk With Aussie Leader 2 One of History's Deadliest Phones Will Be Sold 3 Police Know What Killed 6 Teens in Garden Shed 4 Trump Takes Common Drug for His Hair 5 Other Stories On Our Radar I Went Shark-Fishing. What I Caught Was Way Scarier Than Any Shark The Obamas Are Living It Up on Vacation Insane Countersuit Reveals Johnny Depp Is Richer and Wilder Than We Knew Here Is How Ivanka Trump Allegedly Responded to the Dress Scandal Teacher Writes Creepy Letter to 16-Year-Old About Upgrading Their Sex Bed Bad News From Punxsutawney Phil Your Ancestors Have a Raunchy History, Says Science Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Neighbors Rescue Mother, 2 Children From New Rochelle Fire Multiple Arrests Made As Protests Erupt At NYU Over Speech Given By Gavin... A Skydiver’s Worst Nightmare: Paralyzed Former Instructor Recalls Brush With... Go to CBS Local The World's Most Adorable Book Collector May Live in Utah The Politician Who Wants to Tax Prostitution to Boost Birth Rates The African Country Where Girls Learn Way More Than Boys Go to Ozy Britney Spears gave concertgoers an extra show when she suffered an unfortunate... After he found out his girlfriend cheated, this guy thought up the most... A Florida woman tried to get her criminal charges dropped by doing something... Go to Rare Trump’s Sniffling May Be Caused By A Drug, But Not A Fun One Texas High School Students Give Nazi Salute, Chant ‘Heil Trump’ On Picture Day This Britney Spears Fan Spends $500 A Month Trying To Look Like Her Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Boardwalk Pipeline Partners L.P. (BWP) to Sell CAI International, Inc. (CAI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL) Raised to Buy at Deutsche Bank AG Colfax Corporation (CFX) Rating Increased to Buy at Seaport Global Securities Brokerages Set Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Price Target at $137.19 Capital Research Global Investors Continues to Hold Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL) February 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Research Global Investors continued to hold its stake in Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,365,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors owned approximately 2.30% of Air Lease Corporation worth $67,592,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Williams Jones & Associates LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $19,370,000. Point72 Asset Management L.P. acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $10,658,000. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the second quarter valued at $9,416,000. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation by 287.4% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 458,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,282,000 after buying an additional 340,248 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Air Lease Corporation during the third quarter valued at $9,616,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.93% of the company’s stock. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $36.48. 433,215 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.07 and a beta of 1.60. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $35.51 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.65. Air Lease Corporation has a 1-year low of $22.47 and a 1-year high of $37.24. Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.82 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $355.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $356.47 million. Air Lease Corporation had a return on equity of 14.83% and a net margin of 26.09%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.71 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Air Lease Corporation will post $3.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 9th. Shareholders of record on Monday, December 12th were paid a $0.075 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 8th. This is an increase from Air Lease Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.05. This represents a $0.30 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.82%. Air Lease Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 9.12%. WARNING: “Capital Research Global Investors Continues to Hold Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/02/capital-research-global-investors-continues-to-hold-position-in-air-lease-corporation-al.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. FBR & Co boosted their price objective on shares of Air Lease Corporation from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Compass Point started coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price objective on the stock. Stephens started coverage on shares of Air Lease Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Air Lease Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, October 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $46.06. In other Air Lease Corporation news, EVP Marc H. Baer sold 3,140 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.48, for a total value of $111,407.20. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 131,566 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,667,961.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert A. Milton sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.73, for a total value of $951,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 30,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $980,107.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 59,641 shares of company stock valued at $2,007,991 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 9.45% of the company’s stock. About Air Lease Corporation Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Lease Corporation (NYSE:AL). Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Dozens of FETO suspects arrested across Turkey Features archive Turkey: Constitutional change bill sent to presidency Features archive Today in 60 Seconds (February 2) Features archive Erdogan rejects opposition's presidential system claims Features archive Turkey aims to boost tourism revenues to $50B: Erdogan Features archive world middle east 47 'Daesh terrorists neutralized' in northern Syria Features archive US calls on Israel to halt new settlements in W. Bank Features archive Nothing 'off the table' as US weighs response to Iran Features archive Israeli forces attack inmates at Negev prison facility Features archive europe Police arrest Catalan politicians on corruption charges Features archive European Parliament backs visa-free travel for Georgia Features archive Romanian minister resigns amid anti-graft protests Features archive NATO monitoring 'external influence' in Balkans Features archive americas US calls on Israel to halt new settlements in W. Bank Features archive Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council Features archive US stock market closes mixed Features archive Amazon net income, revenue increase in Q4 Features archive africa UN court will settle Kenya-Somalia maritime dispute Features archive Ugandan policeman kills himself, wife after HIV test Features archive UN warns against possible famine in Somalia Features archive Nigeria releases death toll from botched air raid Features archive asia - pacific South Korean officials stopped from raiding presidency Features archive Trump’s defense chief offers South Korea US assurance Features archive Pakistan: Notorious gangster shot dead in Karachi city Features archive Japan encouraged by US messages ahead of Mattis visit Features archive economy Turkey's annual inflation rate up in January Features archive Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council Features archive US stock market closes mixed Features archive Amazon net income, revenue increase in Q4 Features archive Russia, Hungary talk energy cooperation Features archive politics South Korean officials stopped from raiding presidency Features archive Nothing 'off the table' as US weighs response to Iran Features archive Russia, Hungary talk energy cooperation Features archive Turkey: Constitutional change bill sent to presidency Features archive Romanian minister resigns amid anti-graft protests Features archive sports Football: Turkey's Calhanoglu hit with 4-month ban Features archive US: Falcons to face Patriots in Super Bowl LI Features archive NBA All-Star starters announced Features archive Egypt court adds popular ex-footballer to ‘terror list’ Features archive Football: Karabakh team longs to return home Features archive health New mutant malaria strain in SE Asia ‘a serious threat’ Features archive Turkish hospital gets European healthcare award Features archive UNICEF appeals for $3.3B in 2017 Features archive Millions of children to get polio shots in Afghanistan Features archive Turkey to expand hospital care, health minister says Features archive infographics photo Operation Euphrates Shield in Aleppo 40th annual Empire State Building run-up President Erdogan meets German Chancellor Merkel World hijab day marked in New York Anti-Trump rally in Washington video video gallery President Erdogan receives German Chancellor Merkel Today in 60 seconds (February 1) 14 Daesh terrorists 'neutralized' in northern Syria Today in 60 seconds (January 31) multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council 'There's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants,' CEO Travis Kalanick says home > economy, americas 03.02.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news US: Attorneys general of 16 states condemn refugee ban Trump voices support for safe zones in Syria, Yemen UK parliament to debate call to cancel Trump's visit Federal judge grants halt to Trump's refugee ban Denied US entry, 2 Iraqis sue against executive order By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick is leaving President Donald Trump's economic advisory council in protest of his policies on immigration. "Earlier today I spoke briefly with the president about the immigration executive order and its issues for our community," Kalanick said in an email sent to Uber employees Thursday. "I also let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council... There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that," he said. Kalanick's decision comes after Trump signed an executive order Friday that put a travel ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries. Ride-hailing company's founder said the executive order is "hurting many people in communities all across America", and added that "there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." Trump's economic advisory council includes executives from JPMorgan Chase, General Motors, Boeing, and Tesla who are expected to provide the president with their opinion on how government policies would impact the American economy. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 09 : 47 politics South Korean officials stopped from raiding presidency 23 : 50 politics Russia, Hungary talk energy cooperation 22 : 45 sports Football: Turkey's Calhanoglu hit with 4-month ban 21 : 05 Turkey Dozens of FETO suspects arrested across Turkey 20 : 19 Turkey Turkey: Constitutional change bill sent to presidency 19 : 22 Turkey Today in 60 Seconds (February 2) 18 : 40 Turkey Erdogan rejects opposition's presidential system claims 17 : 09 world UK government issues Brexit strategy document 15 : 19 politics Algerian parliament polls to be held May 4: Presidency 14 : 46 Turkey Turkey aims to boost tourism revenues to $50B: Erdogan 13 : 39 Turkey Warrants issued against 177 Turkish police officers 13 : 25 Turkey Turkey: 56 terrorists 'neutralized' in January 13 : 20 politics Morocco agrees to help South Sudan build new capital analysis news Russians working on non-nuclear deterrence Turkey after Astana, Syria and global interplay Operation Euphrates Shield: Aims and gains No solution for Syria without Turkey: Analyst What really describes the case of Rohingya community in Myanmar? Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council 1 / 1 Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 03 Feb 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment United Airlines enhances relationship with Brazilian airline Avianca By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · February 2, 2017 United Airlines is working with both Avianca Holdings S.A. and Avianca Brasil to enhance and deepen the companies´ commercial and strategic relationships, the company said. United and Avianca Brasil are members of Star Alliance, a global airline alliance which provides service to 192 countries via 28 member airlines. By deepening existing Star Alliance and strategic partnerships, United´s president Scott Kirby expects to build the airline´s Latin American network. United Airlines and United Express operate more than 4,500 flights a day to 339 airports across five continents. In 2016, United and United Express operated more than 1.6 million flights carrying more than 143 million customers. United operates 737 mainline aircraft, and this year, the airline anticipates taking delivery of 19 new Boeing aircraft, including 737 NGs, 787s and 777s, as well as six used Airbus A319 aircraft. The airline is a founding member of Star Alliance. Related posts Air Canada to begin seasonal service to Iceland February 2, 2017 Air Canada will launch summer seasonal service from Canada to Reykjavik, Iceland, operating flights four... Etihad Aviation, Lufthansa launch new partnership February 2, 2017 Etihad Aviation Group and Lufthansa German Airlines have unveiled details of a new commercial partnership,... Alaska Airlines to start nonstop service between Orange County and Albuquerque in August February 2, 2017 Alaska Airlines will begin daily, nonstop-service from Orange County´s John Wayne Airport to Albuquerque starting... Lockheed Martin returns first F-22 Raptor from ICR facility to USAF ahead of schedule February 2, 2017 Bethesda, Maryland-based Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT) has completed the first F-22 Raptor at the... Silicon Valley Airport partners with AvatarMind to create new robot playground February 2, 2017 Mineta San Jose International Airport (SJC) has debuted the new iPal Playground from AvatarMind, the... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Air Canada to begin seasonal service to Iceland Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service TUI UK is the first brand to sign up to Instant Ad Sync with TVGuide.co.uk TVGuide.co.uk has today launched Instant Ad Sync, a new native advert which syncs with live television, on its iPhone and iPad apps. TUI UK will be the first partner to take advantage of Instant Ad Sync, syncing native banners with the new Thomson Moments TV advert, in a deal booked by MediaCom. WEBWIRE – Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Example of the TUI synced advert Adding the TVGuide Instant Sync to the Thomson and First Choice TV campaigns, allowed TUI to connect their TV ads to different medium, ensuring a more integrated and relevant campaign UPDATE: The mid-campaign results show that the ad has successfully synced with over 100K devices and engagement rates are 520% higher than non-sync ads.   TUI UK & I is the first brand to sign up to Instant Ad Sync on TVGuide.co.uk TVGuide.co.uk, the UKs number one TV listings website and mobile app, has launched a unique new TV ad syncing platform.         TVGuide.co.uk has today launched Instant Ad Sync, a new native advert which syncs with live television, on its iPhone and iPad apps. TUI UK & I will be the first partner to take advantage of Instant Ad Sync, syncing native banners with the new Thomson Moments TV advert, in a deal booked by MediaCom.   Instant Ad Sync will use server side ad recognition technology to identify the Thomson Momentsadvert when it broadcasts on TV. When the app recognises a Thomson advert, TVGuide.co.uks new custom-built ad server will provide an immediate push to the app for a synchronised native mobile advert to be displayed in-app. The campaign will create a second screen experience for the user.   TVGuide is the UKs biggest mobile TV guide, with over 10 million downloads and 2 million active users across its iPhone and iPad applications.   TUIs, Marketing Manager, Nikola Roberts: Adding the TVGuide Instant Sync to the Thomson and First Choice TV campaigns, allowed TUI to connect their TV ads to different medium, ensuring a more integrated and relevant campaign   TVGuide.co.uks CEO, Chetan Damani: "We are always looking for new advertising formats that are integrated with the user journey, and our new Instant Ad Sync offers just that. There are a number of TV ad syncing products on the market but they have numerous flaws which we have resolved with our product. Using our research that 84% of our users are in front of their TV while using the app, we have created a product that syncs in real time so that a matching banner will appear on the app when ads broadcast on television. We are delighted to be working with TUI UK & I and MediaCom as our launch partners for the new format.   About TVGuide.co.uk: TVGuide.co.uk is the UKs largest TV listings and entertainment portal, with 3.5 million users on the web and over 2 million users across all mobile platforms. TVGuide.co.uk launched five years ago with offices in London and San Francisco.    TUI UK & IRELAND   TUI UK and Ireland is the UKs largest tour operator with key brands including Thomson, First Choice, and Thomson Cruises as well as Crystal Ski and Thomson Lakes & Mountains. Sub brands include Sensatori, Sensimar, and Family Life, as well as First Choice Holiday Villages and SplashWorld Resorts.   TUI UK and Irelands airline, Thomson Airways is the UKs third largest airline with 62 aircraft operating to over 88 destinations in 30 countries. Thomson Airways was the first airline in the UK to take delivery of Boeings 787 Dreamliner.   TUI UK and Ireland has a team of more than 10,000 employees and serves over six million customers each year.   TUI UK and Ireland is a member of TUI Group.   About MediaCom: MediaCom is a global media agency with a focus on marketing. In the UK, MediaCom works across a diverse range of national and international brands including Sky, eBay, TUI, Procter and Gamble and others.   For further information, please contact Chetan Damani at Chetan@yo.tv or 020 3056 1800 / 07776 204181 ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/56880/207477/207477-1.png ) Related Links Youtube Video of the Advert WebWireID207477   Ad Sync TV Sync TUI TVGuide Contact Information Chetan Damani Director TVGuide.co.uk chetan@tvguide.co.uk This news content may be integrated into any legitimate news gathering and publishing effort. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Advertising / Marketing Entertainment Leisure / Travel / Hotels Television Travel Industry Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
